Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7089 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 2018 No. 124 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. P
ALAZZO ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, July 24, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable S
TEVEN M. P
ALAZZO to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
NEW LEADERSHIP IS NEEDED IN CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, it seems every morning we are greeted by another outrage from the Trump ad-ministration. Today, we find that the Department of the Interior deliberately manipulated the information sur-rounding the decision to amend the boundaries of national monuments. They withheld information about the benefits of the monument designation, benefits for Native Americans, for wildlife, for the local economy, and for the environment. The only way we found out about this manipulation is because they inadvert-ently disclosed the entire memo-randum, exposed for everybody to see how they blatantly manipulated the process. But this is just another exam-ple. This last week, we have seen attacks on our long-time friends and allies in Europe, undermining the NATO alli-ance, questioning the integrity of our American intelligence service, and as-saulting American business and con-sumers with this ill-advised trade war and the tariffs, which are just taxes on American families. This is, in part, due to the fact that we are not getting any pushback on these outrages from most Republicans in Congress, not standing up to Trump for America and for our values. It appears that most of my Repub-lican friends are held hostage to the most extreme elements in their dis-tricts. They are given enhanced influ-ence because of the practice of partisan gerrymandering, drawing boundaries to enhance the power of the Republican majority, so you only have to worry about voters in the primary. I have long supported independent commissions to draw these boundaries, have proposed legislation federally. Al-though there appears to be little appe-tite in Congress, luckily, people out in the States are taking matters into their own hands. We are watching cit-izen initiatives in Michigan, in Utah, and in Colorado. Voters, this year, will have a chance to vote on fair and hon-est redistricting if the U.S. Chamber and the Republican Party are not able to block it from being voted on, as they are trying to do in Michigan. When voters, again, pick the politi-cians instead of politicians picking the voters, it is much more likely that Congress will do its job. Mr. Speaker, until we get fair districts, we will have to rely on renewed, energized voter en-gagement to elect a Congress that will do its job. The good news is that the evidence all across America is that people are responding to a new generation of po-litical leadership. They are getting in-volved in unprecedented numbers— more voters, more activism. They are going to elect, as leaders, new Members who will provide the accountability to hold in check this reckless administra-tion. It is too bad it looks like we will have to wait for the election for the next Congress to do its job. f 
HOUSE COMMITTEE ON EDU-CATION AND THE WORKFORCE TO HOST INNOVATION FORUM AND SHOWCASE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow the House Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee will host innovators from across the country for the bipartisan Innovation Forum and Showcase. The Innovation Forum will begin at 10 a.m. in room 2175 of the Rayburn House Office Build-ing. Five panels of innovators will speak and answer questions from com-mittee members about their work. From 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., members of the public are invited to tour the Innova-tion Showcase in the Rayburn foyer, where the innovators will be available to share information about their work. As a senior member of the com-mittee, I am so proud of the bipartisan Innovation Forum and Showcase. This event will certainly highlight hard-working American innovators from all walks of life. Tomorrow, there will be 24 innovators who have traveled to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.000 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7090 July 24, 2018 
Washington to discuss how they run ca-reer and technical education and work-force development programs in their communities. I am incredibly honored to have Joe Luther, from the Central Pennsylvania Institute of Science and Technology lo-cated in Pleasant Gap, Centre County, Pennsylvania, be there. Mr. Luther is the horticulture and landscaping in-structor at CPI. He is well loved by his students and has received numerous ac-colades for his performance in the classroom. In 2014, Mr. Luther was named the ACTE New Career and Technical Edu-cation Teacher of the Year for Pennsyl-vania. In December, he was awarded the National Career and Technical Education Teacher of the Year from NOCTI, which is presented annually to recognize career and technical edu-cation teachers for their outstanding service. I visited Mr. Luther in his classroom at CPI and out in the community, where his students routinely work on projects or participate in competitions. In January, Mr. Luther’s landscaping students secured their fourth consecu-tive first place win at the Pennsylvania Farm Show as a part of the agricul-tural education landscape exhibits. Mr. Speaker, the Pennsylvania Farm Show is the Nation’s largest indoor ag-riculture event, and the CPI students beat a total of seven other schools to take the top prize for their exhibit. I know these students are talented, and it is their teacher, Mr. Luther, who truly inspires them to reach great heights. Through his hands-on instruc-tion, Mr. Luther affords students in his classroom the ability to design, build, and maintain their landscaping projects. He lets them interact with customers and discuss real trans-actions. He brings real-life scenarios into the classroom at every oppor-tunity to show students what their fu-tures can be like in the workforce. I look forward to having Mr. Luther here in Washington for tomorrow’s In-novation Forum and Showcase. I know that, because of dedicated teachers like him, scores of students will be set on a path to success in life through career and technical education programs. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to all the innovators who will participate tomor-row to share with Congress and the public how they are addressing the Na-tion’s education and workforce devel-opment challenges. As co-chair of the bipartisan House Career and Technical Education Caucus and a consistent ad-vocate for high-quality career and technical education, I know these pro-grams not only shape the future of our Nation’s youth, but will be the founda-tion for a new era of economic growth in the United States. And the future looks bright. Mr. Speaker, on a related note, I was thankful to the Senate last evening, which passed my legislation which al-ready passed out of this body almost a year ago, H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. I look forward to ironing out just a few minor dif-ferences, some good refinements that the Senate made, and we will see about getting that to the President’s desk, quite frankly, providing greater access to more effective, skills-based edu-cation for all Americans seeking the American Dream of opportunity. 
f 
WORKFORCE CHALLENGES ON GUAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Guam Tem-porary Workforce Act. A near 100 per-cent denial of temporary H–2B peti-tions on Guam has hindered our is-land’s ability to grow the economy and provide affordable and timely services for our civilian population. While our community fully supports providing job opportunities and career advancement for those already living on Guam, we do not have the popu-lation or the organic workforce to fill the labor demands of our island. Local companies have tried to recruit from other territories and mainland United States, all to no avail. I am pleased that we made some progress in alleviating these workforce challenges in the defense bill that we are considering this week, but, Mr. Speaker, we need to do more. The Guam Temporary Workforce Act would make sure that local labor needs are met by giving the Governor of Guam more input in temporary labor need de-terminations. Specifically, it would allow him to certify the temporary needs of Guam’s civilian labor market while safeguarding the local economy from overreliance on temporary work-ers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this very, very important measure and to support our island economy. 
f 
TRILATERAL ALLIANCE OF GEOR-GIA, UKRAINE, AND MOLDOVA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, our friends in Moldova, Ukraine, and Geor-gia are facing major threats to their sovereignty from the Russian bear. These young democracies are striving to build peaceful, civil societies and ef-fective governing institutions after decades of Soviet tyranny. Yet Vladi-mir Putin, the Napoleon of Siberia, re-fuses to accept their independence and sovereign rights as free nations. For years, Russian troops have occu-pied each of these nations and incited violence within the borders. Moscow has used corruption and coercion to un-dermine the rule of law in democratic institutions of each of these nations. Putin continues to use cyber warfare against each of these nations. We, as leaders of the free world and guarantors of the international, rules- based order, have a duty to stand by these sovereign states. In some cases, Mr. Speaker, we have signed pledges to do so. Their struggle for freedom is not some distant battle that does not con-cern our well-being. Their fight for self-determination is a battle for the global order and the survival of democ-racy in the face of foreign tyranny, specifically Putin’s tyranny. Nations and the people they rep-resent have the sole right to determine their own fates. Foreign bullies like Putin should not threaten or dictate their way of life or the futures of those children. If we allow Russia to so blatantly break international law, particularly the fundamentals of sovereignty and territorial integrity, where will it end? When will the Russian bear march in the streets of some other friend, a NATO ally, perhaps? We must recognize their courage in the face of such a daunting challenge and send a message to the Kremlin that we stand with our Eastern Euro-pean friends on their quest to be a free nation and more integrated into the West. That is why I have introduced H. Res. 955, to affirm U.S. support to the nations of Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova in their effort to retain polit-ical sovereignty and territorial integ-rity. I am joined in sponsoring this impor-tant bipartisan resolution by Georgia Caucus co-chair, Representative CON-
NOLLY from Virginia; as well as the co- chairs of the Moldova Caucus, Rep-resentative O
LSON from Texas and Rep-resentative P
RICE from North Carolina; and the co-chairs of the congressional Ukrainian Caucus, Representatives K
APTUR of Ohio, H ARRIS of Maryland, F
ITZPATRICK of Pennsylvania, and L
EVIN of Michigan. Our resolution reaffirms the commit-ment of the United States to support the democratically elected govern-ments of these three nations. It con-demns Russia’s violation of the Buda-pest Memorandum, a commitment it made in 1994 to ensure the independ-ence and territorial integrity of Ukraine. Putin has lied. He lied in his commit-ment. Our legislation calls for the im-mediate and complete withdrawal of all Russian military and security per-sonnel and equipment from the nations of Georgia, Ukraine, and Moldova. It calls for Moscow to end its desta-bilizing activities in all regions of these three countries. It commends the ongoing trilateral cooperation between the Governments of Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova to confront Russia’s de-stabilizing activity, and it voices our support for U.S. assistance to these three nations, assistance that strengthens their capacity to resist Russia’s aggression. b1015 The resolution calls on all free na-tions of Europe, the United Nations, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.003 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7091 July 24, 2018 
and international partners to continue to apply pressure on the totalitarian state of Russia to uphold its obliga-tions, and it reaffirms U.S. support for these three nations integrating into the European Union. This implies that Georgia, Ukraine, and Moldova must also meet their obli-gations under EU association agree-ments to commit first and foremost to meaningful progress on economic re-forms, strengthening democratic insti-tutions, combating corruption, build-ing independent judicial systems, and holding to the rule of law. This resolution marks our shared commitment to democracy in these great countries to be united to stand against Putin’s aggression. Freedom-loving countries must stop the Russian bear and Putin’s desire to be czar of a new Putinland. As John F. Kennedy said many years ago: ‘‘Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hard-ship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and success of liberty.’’ And that is just the way it is. 
f 
UNDERMINING INSURANCE IN THE MARKETPLACE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I want to speak about a brave young woman, an Arizonan named Vanessa Ramirez. When she was just 23 years old, Vanessa received a devastating diag-nosis. Doctors told her that she had ovarian cancer, yet Vanessa refused to put her dreams on hold. She somehow managed to fit in chemotherapy ses-sions between her classes at Arizona State. Eventually, Vanessa pulled through. She beat cancer, and, today, she has two happy, healthy kids. Vanessa has overcome a lot in her young life, but thanks to the Afford-able Care Act, there is one challenge she won’t be forced to endure: going without health insurance. Despite her preexisting condition, Vanessa was able to purchase an af-fordable plan through the ObamaCare marketplace. Her children are also cov-ered under KidsCare, our State’s Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program. How-ever, if Donald Trump gets his way, Vanessa’s story soon could take a sad turn. Having abolished the individual man-date, Republican State attorneys gen-eral, backed by President Trump, are now arguing in court that rules prohib-iting insurers from charging higher rates on the basis of a preexisting con-dition or even denying coverage com-pletely should be ruled unconstitu-tional. The mandate is so central to ObamaCare, Republicans claim that, without it, the courts should simply throw out the whole Affordable Care Act altogether. Their arguments are clearly baseless. But if Republicans succeed, millions of Americans like Vanessa could quickly lose their cov-erage. Of course, that is not all the Trump administration is doing to undermine the Affordable Care Act. President Trump blocked cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers, sending shock waves of uncertainty through insur-ance markets across the Nation and raising costs for consumers in pre-miums. Trump also cut open-enroll-ment periods and slashed funding to help Americans sign up for insurance. Trump and the GOP don’t care about the people they are hurting. His only objective is to erase the legacy of his predecessor. Mr. Speaker, no issue crystalizes the differences between our two political parties like this one. Democrats don’t think your insurance company should be allowed to drop you because you get sick. Democrats don’t believe you should go bankrupt and lose your home simply because you get in an accident. Democrats are committed to the belief that healthcare is a right, not a privi-lege, for every single American. On the other hand, Republicans want to turn back the clock to a time when a minor diagnosis could lead to the loss of coverage, when young people were kicked off their parents’ plan as soon as they turned 18, when simply being a woman somehow qualified as a pre-existing condition. That is not right. Mr. Speaker, Republicans couldn’t repeal the Affordable Care Act in Con-gress. Now they are just trying to sabo-tage it from the White House, and mil-lions of Americans, like Vanessa Rami-rez, could lose access to lifesaving care as a result. We can’t allow that to hap-pen. 
f 
HONORING DAVID ALEXANDER HOGUE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to recognize a true American, David Alexander Hogue. David is the son of Grady and Dovie Hogue, born in 1946 in Blacksburg, South Carolina. He attended Blacksburg public schools and was elected president of his high school senior class. He then enrolled at the University of South Carolina School of Pharmacy, where he graduated in 1970. After work-ing in a drugstore in York, South Caro-lina, and Cherokee drug store in Gaffney, South Carolina, he returned to Blacksburg, where he became the owner of Iron City Pharmacy, which was a 75-year-old business. Among his many accomplishments, he formed the Iron City Band where he played piano and toured the entire Southeast with his band. As a member of the Blacksburg First Baptist Church, he was a member of the choir; he was a deacon; he was a trustee; and he was chairman of his Sunday school class. In 1989, David entered the political arena, where he was elected to the Blacksburg City Council, where he was appointed mayor pro tempore. He was then appointed mayor by then-Gov-ernor Carroll Campbell after his prede-cessor was removed from office, and he won a special election for mayor in June of 1990, where he has served hon-orably for the last 28 years. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recog-nize, in the 115th session of Congress, a true American, David Alexander Hogue. f 
RESHAPE TRADE DEALS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, on the important economic challenge of re-negotiating NAFTA, once again, the Trump administration is leading us down a chaotic and unstable path. Our Nation must fix bad trade deals to cre-ate good jobs and stop the wage race to the bottom. President Trump is taking a ‘‘shoot first, ask questions later’’ approach. It reminds me of his recent backward walk of words diminishing our NATO allies and his brash capitulating per-formance in Helsinki. Closer to home, our continent has a once-in-a-generation opportunity to re-shape our trade deals that have re-sulted in lowered wages for the Amer-ican people. Starting with NAFTA, we must re-create agreements that raise wages and lift up workers in our Na-tion and across the world. Current trade deals exact huge prof-its for transnational companies that outsource jobs but continue the race to the bottom on wages for workers. So far, Trump’s unsteady actions on trade just create more chaos, with businesses putting hiring plans on hold or scaling back whole projects because of their confusion about tariffs. Is his trade rhetoric producing a good outcome for the American people or is it just con-tinuing the red ink of worse trade defi-cits, suppressed wages, and rising costs for consumers? According to the PayScale Index, the paychecks of working Americans have fallen 1.4 percent just since 2017 when you adjust for the rising costs of essen-tials like healthcare, prescription drugs, gas, and groceries. In fact, wages have fallen, actually, 9.3 percent since 2006, as costs go up and up and up but wages stay flat or go down for so many families. This is not what the American people were promised. They were promised bigger paychecks, more reshoring of jobs—remember Carrier in Indiana— better trade deals, and a President who was on their side. So far, we have just unfulfilled promises and confusion. NAFTA negotiations press on, but there is concern President Trump will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.011 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7092 July 24, 2018 
go the way of his recent NATO meet-ing. Reports from his trade ambassador seem encouraging, but will this admin-istration follow through on its prom-ises to turn NAFTA into a job- insourcing deal? If his promise to fix healthcare or promises that the GOP tax giveaway to the top 1 percent would raise wages is any indication, then count me as a sceptic. Since NAFTA’s passage in 1993, there has not been a single year in which our Nation has achieved a trade balance with Mexico or Canada. These massive billion-dollar trade deficits power the harmful push of living-wage jobs be-yond our borders and reduction in our wages. This low wage race to the bot-tom pits our workers against those making poverty-level wages in other nations. Talk is cheap, Mr. President. In Ohio, people judge people by their actions. Words aren’t enough to help working families. Our workers and the middle class that powers this country should not be the victim of an ill-thought-out trade war or attacks on our allies. President Trump, listen to the people in places like Ohio, in both the indus-trial and agricultural sectors. Listen to the voters who took a chance on you because of trade. More trade chaos is not the path we were promised. Renegotiate a NAFTA that will re-sult in trade balances, insourcing of jobs to this country with higher paying jobs in our country and rising wages for our workers, and with continental efforts to gain stability working with our trade partners in both Canada and Mexico. That is what a renegotiated NAFTA should look like. Let’s hope we get it. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PAUL KRUSS AND HUSSAIN MOHAMMED The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate Paul Kruss and Hussain Mohammed on their re-cent recognition by Boys Town Jeru-salem. Paul and Mo are the proprietors of Mo’s Bagels and Deli located in beau-tiful south Florida. Although some may know these two for serving up some of the best bagels and lox in Aventura, many know them for their world-class philanthropy and commu-nity involvement. Most recently, Paul and Mo have joined forces to support Boys Town Je-rusalem, a phenomenal academic insti-tution transforming the lives of dis-advantaged boys into productive mem-bers of Israeli society. Whether it be involvement in local causes at home or ensuring success for the next generations abroad, Paul and Mo’s dedication and commitment to helping those who need it the most is unwavering. Paul Kruss and Hussain Mohammed are champions of noble causes, champions for Israel, and champions for our south Florida com-munity. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud of the work accomplished by Paul and by Mo, and I congratulate them on this much- deserved recognition by Boys Town Je-rusalem. Mazel tov, amigos. f 
RECOGNIZING THOIS KIEL AND MARGARET YAEGER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize two exceptional members of our community in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who are work-ing to make life better for homeless youth throughout our community. Thois Kiel and Margaret Yaeger, resi-dents of Neshaminy Manor Nursing Home, both decided to create a commu-nity outreach project in order to give back to those in need. Working to-gether, they knit a large red and black afghan one square at a time before con-necting them and presenting it to Rob-ert ‘‘Woody’’ Wood of the Synergy Project of Bucks County, an organiza-tion that seeks to assist and counsel homeless youth and young adults. Mr. Speaker, we commend Thois and Margaret for their compassion for our community’s most vulnerable members and for their work to improve lives with such a personal touch. I would also like to thank Neshaminy Manor’s assistant director of activities, Heather O’Donnell, for all of her work in facilitating outreach projects, and Woody Wood for his work in bettering the lives of homeless youth in our com-munity. 
RECOGNIZING BACKYARD BEANS COFFEE  
COMPANY  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a small business in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, that was recently recognized as Busi-ness of the Month by the Lansdale Bor-ough Council. Backyard Beans Coffee Company started in the backyard of co-owners Matt and Laura Adams with only a Weber grill and one goal in mind: to create high-quality, dynamic coffee and coffee products. Located on West Main Street in Lansdale, Backyard Beans Coffee takes community responsibility personally and works diligently to ensure it is using products that are not only sourced responsibly and ethically but that also promote sustainability. To date, Backyard Beans’ popular roasts, which source beans from Cen-tral America, Africa, South America, and Asia, are sold in nearly 100 res-taurants and retail locations, along with regional farmers’ markets. I applaud Matt and Laura for con-tributing to an already thriving com-munity of businesses in Montgomery County, and we congratulate Backyard Beans Coffee Company on their rec-ognition as Business of the Month. RECOGNIZING BENT METAL CUSTOMS  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a small business in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, that was recently recognized as Busi-ness of the Month by the Lansdale Bor-ough Council. Bent Metal Customs, located on West Third Street in Lansdale, was founded in 2002 in Hatfield before moving to its current, larger location. A classic car restoration shop, Bent Metal Customs specializes in vehicle customization and restoration. b1030 Bent Metal Customs has influenced the motor vehicle industry in Mont-gomery County and beyond. Publica-tions, such as Street Trucks, Chevy High Performance, and Diesel World, have all featured the work of Bent Metal Customs. The quality work of its employees has drawn customers from as far as Michigan and Florida, and is even showcased yearly at an auto show in Las Vegas, Nevada. I would like to recognize Bent Metal Customs’ owner, Justin Brenner, for this distinction, and thank him and the entire Bent Metal Customs family for their contributions to our local econ-omy and community. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP MUST STEP DOWN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. S
HEA-PORTER ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to read an op-ed from former EPA Administrator Christine Todd Whitman, who worked for Rich-ard Nixon and George Bush: 
President Trump’s disgraceful performance in Helsinki, Finland, and, in the days since, is an indication that he is not fit to remain in office. Trump’s 2016 ‘‘America First’’ plat-form might be more aptly named ‘‘Russia First’’ after the disaster that occurred last week. Trump’s turn toward Russia is indefen-sible. I am a lifelong Republican. I have cam-paigned and won as a member of the party, and I have served more than one Republican President. My Republican colleagues—once rightfully critical of President Obama’s en-gagement strategy with Russia leader Vladi-mir Putin—have to end their willful igno-rance of the damage Trump is doing, both domestically and internationally. We must put aside the GOP label, as hard as that may be, and demonstrate the leadership our coun-try needs by calling on the President to step down. Trump’s sycophantic relationship with Putin is unsurprising given his previous comments about Russia and its dictator. What is shocking is how long he has pos-sessed, and disregarded, hard evidence of Putin’s direct role in undermining our elec-tions. According to New York Times report-ing, he saw dispositive emails and texts early in January 2017. Trump’s repeated public dismissals of the intelligence coming from his own deputies is deeply disturbing. Along with his walk back 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.005 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7093 July 24, 2018 
of statements last week, and then walking back the walk backs, it’s impossible to keep up, and his behavior warrants a fresh evalua-tion of whether the President can be trusted with the future of the United States. His apologists will argue that the current outcry is just another attempt by moderates and ‘‘establishment’’ Republicans to dis-credit the President. But what does this man have to say or do for his supporters to finally see that his actions are detrimental to the country? We must put aside the GOP label, as hard as that may be, and demonstrate the leader-ship our country needs. Trump’s avowed respect for the word of a dictator who has spent decades undermining the U.S. and its allies is utterly dangerous. Putin is not our ally. Despite the President’s dismal attempt to change the narrative by explaining that he misspoke in Helsinki, the pattern is clear: As a candidate and as Presi-dent, he has constantly praised Putin just as he has constantly undercut the core of our democracy: the courts, the media, and the FBI. He has a history of discrediting mem-bers of his own Cabinet and the agencies they lead. These are not the actions of some-one who should be navigating delicate diplo-matic discussions and setting foreign policy. If the President did genuinely misspeak on Monday, it demonstrates his inability to ar-ticulate accurately U.S. foreign policy at the highest level, for the highest stakes. As the leader of the free world—as ridiculous as that title sounds when applied to Trump—his words matter. If he cannot take his place at a podium next to an adversarial foreign lead-er and stand up for America’s interests and principles, he should not be President. Trump has alienated our true allies in Eu-rope and undermined the United States’ rep-utation as a consistent, reliable moral force for good in the world. He disdains democ-racies and admires dictatorships. What ap-pears to matter to him is not what leaders represent but how they flatter him. North Korea’s Kim Jong Un and Putin have cracked that code and fan Trump’s ego in a way that respected heads of state do not. Yet many Republicans continue to defend him. In this election year, opposing Trump is risky for GOP candidates. Invoking the need to choose country over party is an overused trope. But it is essential now. The Republican majority in Congress can fully implement promised sanctions against Russia to show its opposition to Russia’s meddling in our election. Putin needs eco-nomic growth in Russia because it benefits the oligarchy. Tougher, tangible sanctions would weaken him and hurt those who ben-efit from his power. House Speaker P
AUL R
YAN indicated earlier this week that addi-tional sanctions were on the table. This would be a start. Congress can also ensure that the Robert S. Mueller, III, investigation is not com-promised. Any interference in it after this week should raise many red flags. The spe-cial counsel and his team, who, despite the President’s attacks, show every sign of unbi-ased professionalism, need to finish their work without tampering. Finally, even if the Russian efforts to un-dermine State voting systems were unsuc-cessful in 2016, this is a vulnerability that may be exploited in the future. With the help of Congress, States must strengthen their processes and security to stop future med-dling from Russia or other foreign actors. Republican voters, including those who supported Donald Trump, have the obliga-tion to demand action from their elected of-ficials. Vocal opposition is expected from Democrats, but it is Republicans’ dis-approval that will have the most sway on Capitol Hill and at the White House. Those Members of the party in Congress who have stood up to the President should be commended. More must follow, with more than private talk and tepid tweets. Only bold leadership can put the United States back on a path that values freedom and democracy, and truly puts America first. f RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 35 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Imam Seyed Ali Ghazvini, Islamic Cultural Center of Fresno, Fresno, California, offered the following pray-er: Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim, in the name of God, the compassionate, the merciful, Almighty God, I thank You for having led me to this great Nation, whose history of welcoming immi-grants makes it possible for me to give today’s prayer. I thank You for inspir-ing our Founding Fathers and the gov-ernments that followed to acknowledge civil liberties and minority rights. I ask You, God, to bless the Members of this Hall, and I pray that You con-tinue to inspire our elected officials so that their decisions meet Your ap-proval. I pray that You inspire them to continue to uphold the democratic val-ues of fairness and compassion that have made our Nation great, so that no one seeking refuge from war is banned from stepping on our soil based on faith affiliation or race, so that des-perate families seeking refuge are not separated. God, empower our lawmakers to pro-mote peace, starting in our own cities and emanating to the rest of the world. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SCHNEIDER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f WELCOMING IMAM SEYED ALI GHAZVINI The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and it is my honor and privilege to wel-come Imam Ghazvini as the guest chaplain to the United States House of Representatives. For the past 14 years, Seyed Ali Ghazvini has served as imam, or spir-itual leader, of the Islamic Cultural Center in Fresno, a very important Is-lamic center in the San Joaquin Val-ley. In addition to leading prayers and Qur’anic study, the Imam Ghazvini has distinguished himself as a prominent, prominent community leader. Since the beginning of his ministry, the imam has worked intently to facilitate meaningful interfaith dialogue and un-derstanding throughout the valley, among all religions. As the co-chair of the Interfaith Alli-ance of Central California, he has brought together numerous religious and social justice organizations to host mixed-faith events and spread toler-ance and inclusivity throughout the San Joaquin Valley. I know because I have had the wonderful pleasure and honor to participate. It has been with great honor, again, that many of us who have been able to participate in these interdenomina-tional meetings have witnessed a re-newed commitment to social justice firsthand. I urge my colleagues to wel-come me in joining him and in thank-ing him this morning for his opening prayer. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
ORMAN ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
PLANO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AWARDED 2018 CHAMBER OF THE YEAR (Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say that the cities of north Texas are frequently named some of the best places to live in the whole country. Of course, this is no surprise to the folks who live there. There are many reasons that north Texas continues to draw people and businesses to the area. These reasons include good schools and low taxes, but people are also attracted to our busi-ness-friendly environment. In fact, just last week, the Plano Chamber of Com-merce was nationally recognized as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.007 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7094 July 24, 2018 
2018 Chamber of the Year. Now, that has to be outstanding. I want to congratulate Jamee Jolly, the president of the Plano Chamber, as well as the entire Plano Chamber of Commerce team, for all your hard work to make our business community such a thriving success. God bless you, and I salute you. 
f 
PALESTINIAN CHILDREN (Ms. M
CCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, over the past decade, Congress has provided Israel with more than $30 billion in se-curity assistance. Israel’s security is important, but according to UNICEF, Israel is the only country in the world that systematically uses its military to arrest, interrogate, and imprison children—Palestinian children—some as young as 12 years old. Countless cases of mistreatment, solitary con-finement, and forced confessions have been documented by Amnesty Inter-national, Human Rights Watch, and our own State Department. We must ensure that no U.S. tax dol-lars are supporting the mistreatment and abuse of Palestinian children. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor H.R. 4391, a bill to prohibit U.S. funds from supporting Israel’s violent military de-tention and abuse of Palestinian chil-dren. This abuse must stop. Peace in the Middle East can be achieved only by ensuring Israel’s security, respecting human rights, and promoting equality and justice for all Palestinians. 
f 
U.S. INSTITUTE OF PEACE PLAYS CRITICAL ROLE IN CONFLICT RESOLUTION (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today at 12:30, the U.S. Institute of Peace will offer an edu-cational briefing for Members and staff on the Institute’s role in reducing vio-lent conflict abroad. As a strong sup-porter of the U.S. Institute of Peace, I am pleased to welcome President Nancy Lindborg to the Hill today. She will explain the history and relevance of the Institute’s congressional mission and how it helps our country find non-violent solutions to international con-flicts. President Lindborg will provide an update on the Institute’s programs and how its training and educational func-tions are building long-term capacities for nonviolent conflict resolution that help countries solve their own prob-lems. She will be joined by colleagues, who will provide policy updates and ex-plain how the Institute’s efforts are having an impact in both Africa and the Middle East. In 1984, the U.S. Institute of Peace was created by Congress as an inde-pendent, nonpartisan institute to pre-vent, mitigate, and resolve violent international conflict. Mr. Speaker, conflict management and resolution skills are essential in today’s volatile international security environment, and I am grateful for the Institute’s work. f 
HOLD SUDAN ACCOUNTABLE FOR THE MURDER OF JOHN GRAN-VILLE (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I have proudly stood before this House on many occasions to honor the life and legacy of south Buffalo na-tive John Granville. John was a young diplomat with the United States Agen-cy for International Development and, tragically, was murdered by Islamic extremists in Khartoum, Sudan, in 2008. At the time of his death, John was working with the people of South Sudan to prepare them for elections and their eventual independence as the newest country in the world in 2011. A decade after John’s death, the Granville family is still fighting the international justice system to hold the Government of Sudan accountable for his death. The Trump administration’s Depart-ment of State is now considering re-moving Sudan from the list of state- sponsored terrorists. If the State De-partment allows for that removal, Su-dan’s responsibility for John’s death and the escape of his convicted mur-derers must be a condition for the State Department’s action in this mat-ter. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF EASTON AIRPORT (Mr. HARRIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Easton/ Newnam Field Airport on its 75th anni-versary. Easton Airport on Maryland’s Eastern Shore is a fixture in the Talbot County community and celebrates a rich and patriotic history. Originally constructed by the mili-tary during World War II, the Easton Airport was used as one of the hun-dreds of bases for military planes pa-trolling the East Coast for Nazi sub-marines. After the war, the Federal Government sold the Easton Airport, and others like it, to the local jurisdic-tions in which they were located for just $1. Since the end of World War II, the Easton Airport has grown to be one of the busiest general aviation facilities in Maryland, serving local businesses, the military, corporate pilots, and aviation enthusiasts. Congratulations to the Easton Air-port on this tremendous anniversary, and cheers to another 75 years of serv-ing Talbot County, the State of Mary-land, and the United States of Amer-ica. f 
ELECTION SECURITY LETTER (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, ear-lier this month, Special Counsel Robert Mueller indicted 12 Russian intel-ligence operatives for their activities hacking Democratic email and com-puter networks during the 2016 elec-tion. In Illinois, our State Board of Elec-tions was also targeted and its voter registration database breached. Data on tens of thousands of Illinois voters was taken. This breach and the taking of voter data is an unacceptable, mali-cious attack on our Nation and its peo-ple. We must not only hold the attackers accountable; we need to ensure that at-tacks on our next election are defended against. Personally, I have met with county clerks for the district I rep-resent, and I know they are taking ac-tion, treating this threat seriously. We need to ensure that our Federal Government is responding with the same level of urgency. That is why, today, I led my Illinois colleagues in a letter requesting a briefing from the Department of Justice on their elec-tion security efforts in our State. Protecting the integrity of our elec-tion is fundamental to our democracy. I urge the Department of Justice to work with Illinois to secure our elec-tion infrastructure and prepare for this serious national threat. 
f 
ABIY AHMED ALI REVIVES ETHIOPIAN REFORMS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, Ethiopian Prime Minister Dr. Abiy Ahmed Ali has made positive changes in the country since his April inauguration. Prime Minister Ali has released thousands of political pris-oners and ended a state of emergency. Critically, Dr. Abiy has stated that Ethiopia will fully comply with the Al-giers Agreement, the peace agreement signed for the formal end of the war of 12 years between Ethiopia and Eritrea, which, gruesomely, has killed more than 100,000 people. Prime Minister Abiy’s leadership and initiative to personally visit with the Eritrean leadership and offer direct airline routes has melted away a near-ly 18-year cold war between the two states. The United States will continue to support Prime Minister Abiy’s diplo-matic outreach and reform, which will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.013 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7095 July 24, 2018 
also contribute to regional stability. New hope and opportunity with free market reforms are now available to the people of Ethiopia. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Welcome, Pastor John Hagee and Christians United for Israel, to Wash-ington, addressed last night by Ambas-sador Nikki Haley. 
f 
FLINT WATER CRISIS IS NOT OVER (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank my House colleagues who visited my hometown of Flint, Michigan, last week to get an update on the city’s ongoing water crisis. I want to specifically thank Leader N
ANCY PELOSI ; Assistant Democratic Leader J
IMCLYBURN ; Representatives B
ARBARA LEE, JIMMCGOVERN , DENNY  H
ECK, DWIGHT EVANS , JARED HUFFMAN ; and, of course, the members of the Michigan delegation, including S
ANDY  L
EVIN, BRENDA LAWRENCE , and D EBBIE  D
INGELL . I want to thank them all for visiting Flint. I appreciate all my colleagues who have come to Flint to visit with fami-lies, and I am especially grateful that Congress passed much-needed help for this community as it struggles to over-come this water crisis. Today, there is progress in Flint, thanks to this body. Nearly 7,000 of those dangerous lead pipes have been replaced so far using the Federal funds that we provided. The recovery does continue. The Flint water crisis has faded from the national headlines, and this congres-sional delegation is a reminder that the crisis isn’t over. That visit was an opportunity for us to hear directly from families that there is still much to be done. What happened in Flint is not some anomaly. It is a warning to the rest of the country and to this Congress that we have to do more to rebuild Amer-ica’s critical infrastructure. Otherwise, we run the risk of more Flint, Michi-gans to come. 
f 
b1215 GIVING AMERICANS MORE CHOICES ON HEALTHCARE EX-PENSE SAVINGS (Mrs. WAGNER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of giving Americans more choices when deciding how to save for healthcare expenses. The legislation we are voting on this week will increase the number of Americans who are eligible to con-tribute to tax-free health savings ac-counts and expand the use of HSAs to cover direct primary care and over-the- counter medicines. HSAs make it easier for people to take a proactive approach to their own healthcare. It is time to give Ameri-cans more access and more choice and affordability when spending their hard- earned paychecks. Our legislation will also reduce pre-miums, roll back burdensome ObamaCare regulations, and give Americans more options and control when dealing with personal issues of healthcare. I look forward to casting my vote for all Missouri, especially those in Mis-souri’s Second Congressional District. They deserve the freedom to do what is best for their families. f 
RECOGNIZING PUBLIC SAFETY AIRCREWS (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize a group of unsung he-roes who help keep our country and communities safe. Public safety aircrews fly every day across the Nation to ensure the safety of our domestic airspace, often in very hazardous conditions. They also sup-port first responders during disaster re-sponse and rescue missions throughout the country. We honor the commitment of those public servants, both past and present, and recognize that some have made the ultimate sacrifice. It is only fitting that a day be set aside to honor the thousands of public servants, both past and present, who have served. To this end, I introduce H. Res. 991, to recognize June 26 of each year as National Public Safety Aviation Day. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 184, PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6311, INCREASING AC-CESS TO LOWER PREMIUM PLANS AND EXPANDING HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1011 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1011 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 184) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. SEC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 6311) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to modify the defi-nition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals purchasing health insur-ance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-83 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amend-ment thereto, to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 1011 provides for the consid-eration of two bills aimed at removing some of the most burdensome aspects of the Affordable Care Act, and, as a re-sult, moving toward lowering healthcare costs for the millions of Americans who are confronted daily with rising premiums, rising deductibles, and rising drug prices. With each bill, we take one step clos-er to ultimately eliminating the Af-fordable Care Act’s government-run ap-proach to healthcare and return to a market-driven solution that puts pa-tients first. The first bill in today’s rule, H.R. 184, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2017, would repeal the excise tax on medical devices imposed on American companies by the previously mentioned Affordable Care Act. The second bill in today’s rule, H.R. 6311, the Increasing Access to Lower Premium Plans and Expanding Health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.015 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7096 July 24, 2018 
Savings Accounts Act of 2018, expands the availability and the use of health savings accounts to allow individuals and their families to save their own money and budget for the healthcare needs they have that otherwise would not be part of their budget. Today’s resolution provides for a closed rule for H.R. 184, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2017. This is the standard practice for a tax-related measure on the House floor. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking minority member on the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule does provide the minority with the customary motion to recommit with or without instructions. The second part of today’s resolution provides for a closed rule for H.R. 6311, the Increasing Access to Lower Pre-mium Plans and Expanding Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The customary motion to recommit with or without instructions is provided to the minority. This week, Republicans in the House continue our efforts to increase more healthcare options while driving down premiums in the individual market. According to the Office of the Assist-ant Secretary for Planning and Evalua-tion at the Department of Health and Human Services, premiums on the ex-change are 105 percent higher, on aver-age, in calendar year 2017, compared to premiums in the individual market in calendar year 2013, which was the last year before the Affordable Care Act took effect. It is important that we continue to address the negative impact that the Affordable Care Act has had on the in-dividual market and to help Americans across the country be more in charge of their healthcare purchases. Thus far, the Republican Congress has been successful in nullifying the in-dividual mandate, repealing the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board, and delaying many of the harmful taxes on American businesses and American consumers. I am also encouraged by the actions of the administration in permitting more low-cost limited dura-tion insurance plans and allowing ac-cess to association health plans for more small businesses. These are choices that are provided to the American people so that they, the American people, can be in the driver’s seat, not the other way around with the ACA’s government-approved one-size-fits-all healthcare model. With that in mind, two bills we are considering this week seek to expand and improve health savings accounts. Under the current rule, H.R. 6311, the Increasing Access to Lower Premium Plan and Expanding Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018, will enhance the benefit of tax-preferred health ac-counts so that individuals can better plan and save for their healthcare needs, and, also, these individuals will see lower premiums on their healthcare plans. For the last several Congresses, I have argued to improve the utility of health savings accounts, and so I am pleased to see that these important policies are being advanced through the House this week. In addition to offering health insur-ance, many employers often arrange to reimburse their employees and their dependants some of their medical ex-penses that are not covered by health insurance. Health flexible spending ac-counts and health reimbursement ar-rangements are two of the more com-mon arrangements offered by employ-ers. I have heard the frustration of em-ployees, many of whom are my con-stituents in north Texas, over for-feiting the remaining amounts in their flexible spending account at the end of each plan year. We can all agree that the healthcare needs and purchases vary from year to year, where one year a person may have more medical ex-penses than the next or the other way around. One of the provisions in H.R. 6311 eliminates the arbitrary ‘‘use it or lose it’’ rule and allows flexible spending account balances to be carried over to the next plan year within a reasonable annual flexible spending account con-tribution limit. Another provision allows working seniors that are covered under an HSA- eligible high deductible health plan and enrolled in Medicare part A to con-tinue to contribute to their health sav-ings account. Just because someone be-comes eligible for Medicare because of age, they should not be prohibited from continuing to contribute to a health savings account. Under current law, there are annual health savings account contribution limits. In 2018, the limit for an indi-vidual was $3,450. For families, that amount was $6,900. While these limits are updated annually for inflation, they are significantly less than the combined limit on annual out-of-pock-et deductible expenses. H.R. 6311 would allow individuals to increase their contributions to equal to the combined annual limit on the out- of-pocket and deductible expenses under their HSA-qualified insurance plan. That would be $6,550 for an indi-vidual and $13,300 for a family this year. The Affordable Care Act limits the option of individuals enrolled in bronze and so-called copper, or catastrophic, plans to make HSA contributions. Also, only those under 30 or those that qualify for a hardship exemption are actually able to purchase the so-called copper health plan. That is a 50 percent actuarial value health plan. So, today, I am pleased that a bill that I introduced with Representative R
OSKAM , H.R. 6314, the Health Savings Act of 2018, to expand the eligibility and the access to health savings ac-counts by allowing plans categorized as catastrophic and bronze plans in the individual and small group markets to qualify for HSA contributions. That is included in this bill. Lastly, I appreciate working with the Ways and Means Health Subcommittee Chairman PETER ROSKAM on H.R. 6311. One of the key provisions of the bill is to provide an off-ramp from ObamaCare’s rising premiums and lim-ited choices by allowing the premium tax credit to be used for qualified plans offered outside of the law’s exchanges and healthcare.gov. In addition, it expands access to the lowest premium plans available, so- called copper or catastrophic plans, for all individuals purchasing coverage in the individual market and allows the premium tax credit to be used to offset the cost of such plans. b1230 I recognize not everyone will choose to have a health savings account, but they should have the option because HSAs represent a powerful tool to lower prices and improve access to quality care for everyone, and those are goals that we can all share. Now, it is well documented that many of the provisions contained with-in the Affordable Care Act have nega-tive consequences on patients, both in access to care and in affordability. One of the provisions that has been univer-sally criticized is that, on a large, bi-partisan nature, its repeal was called for almost immediately after the pas-sage of the Affordable Care Act. This is the tax on medical device manufactur-ers, or more commonly referred to as the medical device tax. It seems illogical that within a piece of legislation that was purported to make medical care available, more ac-cessible to all Americans, the Federal Government would want to tax the very providers of medical innovation that create devices to improve the de-livery of healthcare, but, nevertheless, that is exactly what happened when ObamaCare passed in 2010, and it was done as a means to pay for the astro-nomical price tag that accompanied the Affordable Care Act. This tax burden is unfair, and it ac-tually increases costs that consumers pay at their doctors’ offices. The tax has also been cited by dozens of med-ical device manufacturers who have or are considering moving their oper-ations overseas so that they can con-tinue to innovate without the heavy burden of this tax stifling their growth. This tax slows the creation of new techniques and devices, which will make the delivery of medicine more ef-ficient, and it puts at risk the jobs that were created by the creation of such devices. For anyone who thinks that we are merely talking about the largest and most expensive pieces of technology found within a hospital—basically, your MRI, CAT scans, and some sur-gical equipment—let’s be clear that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.017 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7097 July 24, 2018 
this tax covers every piece of medical equipment, from those large machines to the smallest of items, including sy-ringes used to deliver lifesaving anti-biotics and vaccines. It continues to negatively impact a number of con-stituents in my district and, I am cer-tain, in districts around the country, and it does continue to create a burden on a number of companies. The medical device tax has led to the elimination of thousands of good-pay-ing jobs, and repealing it would be the first step to bringing those jobs back and stem the loss of future jobs within this vital industry that is helping to mitigate rising costs of healthcare due to the burdensome provisions within the Affordable Care Act. This is a tax on business, a tax on consumers, and a tax on innovation. To date, 33,000 jobs have been lost in the medical device industry since the pas-sage of the Affordable Care Act, and it is projected that over 130,000 additional jobs are on the chopping block. Why would anyone be surprised about this? Excise taxes—and that is what this is, an excise tax—are meant to lead to a reduction in the consumption of the goods being taxed. We place an excise tax on cigarettes. We want to discourage people from smoking. We make it burdensome to afford a smok-ing habit. Did we really intend, with the pas-sage of the Affordable Care Act by con-gressional Democrats in 2010, to make it more burdensome to use more effi-cient medical devices? H.R. 184 has bipartisan, bicameral support, with currently 277 cosponsors. Republican leadership in the House has heard this request and heard the calls from many Members within this body and is moving this bill in a responsible way to put Americans back to work and lower healthcare costs for all. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support today’s rule and the under-lying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes for debate. Mr. Speaker, I rise to debate this rule, but I would urge my colleague from Texas to be mindful that this ain’t going nowhere, so we really are, when all is said and done, wasting our time. This is not likely to be taken up by the Senate in August, and why we are not doing other things, I simply cannot understand. The Protect Medical Innovation Act and the Increasing Access to Lower Premium Plans and Expanding Health Savings Accounts Act are worth con-sidering. The gentleman from Texas certainly is an expert in this area and is most sincere. It is regrettable that the legislation, ultimately, that will pass the House of Representatives ain’t going nowhere. Taken together, these measures do nothing to ameliorate the Republican attempt to eviscerate the Affordable Care Act, do nothing to curb rising drug costs, and do nothing to curtail skyrocketing premium hikes. Instead, H.R. 6311 continues the Republican ma-jority’s destructive path of under-mining and destabilizing our health in-surance markets. This package of six bills will likely lead to fewer choices and competition for moderate- and low-income families who do not have the disposable income to pay premium costs up front. In bringing up the second measure, H.R. 184, my friends across the aisle seem intent on ignoring the pressing issues facing our country, like passing sensible legislation that will address the country’s ongoing gun violence epi-demic, passing legislation that will protect our election infrastructure from hostile foreign hacking, or pass-ing legislation that will help reunite the more than 2,500 separated children with their families. Rather, the Repub-lican majority wants to waste valuable legislative time in repealing a tax that won’t even be active until 2020. This is the last week before we go on a 5-week recess and we are doing noth-ing. Even worse, these bills are not off-set and, taken together with tomor-row’s bills, will add up to $90 billion to our deficit. They are not paid for. And I challenge my colleague on the floor handling this rule to tell me where the pay-fors are, and, if there are none, why are they not paid for—$90 billion. Mr. Speaker, I strongly believe that the epidemic of gun violence that plagues our communities must be ad-dressed in a comprehensive manner and without further delay. Unfortunately, our Nation has witnessed far too many senseless deaths caused each day by firearms, and that continues to rise. Under a Republican majority, many commonsense reforms, such as the as-sault weapons ban—and somebody please tell me why anyone other than the military and law enforcement needs an assault weapon; I just, for the life of me, cannot understand it—were allowed to expire. I might add, flood in-surance is getting ready to expire. We are not taking that measure up. Providing nearly unfettered access to a variety of firearms does not make any sense. Someone said to me, well, there are 103 kinds of automatic weap-ons; and I say ban them all because they don’t have any business in the hands of people in the streets at all. While we need to preserve the rights of responsible gun owners—and I am one of them; I believe in the Second Amendment—we must focus more of our attention and efforts on keeping weapons out of the hands of dangerous individuals instead of attacking and undermining the healthcare for mil-lions of hardworking Americans. While the present administration works to further the majority’s aim of dismantling the most popular aspects of the Affordable Care Act, like keep-ing children on their parents’ health insurance until the age of 26 and pro-tecting people with preexisting condi-tions, these bills continue to balloon Federal spending and deficits. While we were promised increased revenue from the GOP tax cuts of 2017, with the GOP falling back on tired talking points like tax cuts paying for themselves, we now have the Congres-sional Budget Office projecting over $1 trillion in budget deficits in 2020, even before legislation like this passes. Whatever happened to the conserv-ative Republicans? Where did the fiscal conservative Republicans go, who are blowing up the deficit in this country? The amount of fiscal irresponsibility demonstrated by my friends across the aisle is shocking and will be a great detriment to all Americans in the fu-ture. Moreover, these pieces of legislation do nothing to holistically solve the most pressing concerns hardworking Americans have with healthcare: ever- increasing premiums, unstable health markets, and exploding drug costs. In fact, in the last year and a half, the majority has gone out of their way to destabilize health markets as much as they can. Instead of encouraging Americans to enroll in health insurance, the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services has created an advertising campaign explicitly undermining the individual insurance markets created under the Affordable Care Act. Republicans have cut the Department’s budget for those grassroots organizations whose sole purpose is to assist folks in signing up for health insurance. How much of the budget did they cut? 92 percent. In addition to this, HHS has threat-ened States that try to lower pre-miums, and the Trump administration has even canceled cost-sharing reduc-tion payments to insurers, which the CBO projects will leave 1 million more people uninsured, raise premiums by 20 to 25 percent over the next 2 years, and increase the Federal deficit by $200 bil-lion. Listen, people, when we started this business of the Affordable Care Act—as much as my friends on the other side who have the prerogative, in the ma-jority, to be in disagreement with this measure as well as any others and to offer this thing that ain’t going no-where here today—the simple fact of the matter is, some few years back, we had 42 million Americans who were un-insured. We now have more than 42 million Americans uninsured, and that is wrong. I said yesterday in the Rules Com-mittee, all of us, 535—the Senate and the House—and the six delegates, ought to be locked up up here until we come up with a sensible solution for the American people with reference to a crisis. It was said yesterday by the chair of this committee that the plan that is going to be offered—that we did offer and then they voted against—would be the best healthcare plan in the world. Well, it ain’t the best healthcare plan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.019 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7098 July 24, 2018 
in the world. The best healthcare plans in the world are in Denmark, Sweden, Switzerland, Australia, and a whole bunch of other places other than Amer-ica. And while the Trump administration has pushed junk healthcare plans, even the organizations that originally lob-bied the administration for access to these plans now say they no longer want to use them. All in all, as a result of these poli-cies, as I have indicated, 4 million fewer Americans have health insurance than when Donald John Trump took of-fice, and healthcare costs continue to rise unabated. I need not remind my colleagues that people in the United States pay far more for healthcare than in any other industrialized nation on Earth, and, in most cases, they get far less. We spend over 18 percent of our gross domestic product on healthcare, compared to most other countries, which spend less than 10 percent, with much of the dis-parity occurring thanks to higher drug prices and administrative overhead. b1245 Despite the money we pour into our healthcare, the United States has the shortest life expectancy and highest in-fant mortality of any modern industri-alized nation—let me repeat that—the shortest life expectancy, and the high-est infant mortality of any modern in-dustrialized nation. We have far fewer physicians—and we had better do something about that; not in this measure, not in the Afford-able Healthcare Act. We had better get busy trying to figure out how to pro-vide more physicians, more nurses, more research for a variety of meas-ures that are oncoming that our Nation is going to be confronted with. We have fewer hospital beds and, in perhaps what is the most depressing statistic of all of U.S. healthcare, the United States is one of only 13 coun-tries in the world where the rate of ma-ternal mortality, defined as the death of a mother in the year after she gives birth, is now worse than it was 25 years ago. And here we are, continuing to jaw jack about something that ain’t going nowhere, and we have situations in our country that all of us know something about, all of us care about. There is no Republican in the House or Democrat in the House that doesn’t care about their constituents and their healthcare. And at the very same time, what we are winding up doing is argu-ing with each other and nothing is get-ting done, and that is just dead wrong for this country. Black women, in particular, are three times more likely to die from health- related issues to their pregnancy. How can we seemingly pay for more healthcare now than at any point in our Nation’s history and, yet, at the same time, be getting worse care than we were decades ago? We have a fundamentally broken sys-tem. The majority doesn’t seem to have any way of fixing it, and I am not even sure that they want to fix it. In-deed, they seem to be going out of their way making it somehow worse. Now I hear all of the voices out there. I had a constituent call the other day to tell me that I wasn’t as liberal as his people were, liberal, and that I didn’t understand this whole healthcare system. And I told him: Listen, man, in 1992, when I ran for office, I ran on the premise of universal healthcare for every American, period. And when we did the Affordable Healthcare Act, it ultimately got called the ObamaCare Act. I have said in the Rules Committee repeatedly, it probably should have been called the Hastings/ObamaCare Act, or perhaps we would have done what Dr. B
URGESS asked us to do and it would be called the Burgess Healthcare Act. I don’t care what it is called. It needs to be called something that is going to help every American, and not just a handful, and certainly not the richest people in this country who don’t even need any healthcare. They have been at the socialized healthcare business for all of their lives and, therefore, people like Donald John Trump don’t need to worry about this kind of thing. It is those people that are vulnerable. It is those people on Medicaid in Flor-ida and other States that didn’t expand Medicaid, 900,000 of them in my State, that are left to the mercies of the sys-tem. And what do they do? All of us know what they do. When they have healthcare, they go to the hospital, to the emergency room, generally speak-ing, they are treated, and then those taxpayers in those respective jurisdic-tions wind up paying for it. So why don’t we get our act together and try to do something about it now? I have proudly advocated for multiple pieces of legislation that will improve and strengthen the Medicare system, including H.R. 676, the Expanded and Improved Medicare for All Act, which will provide all individuals residing in the United States and the United States territories, with affordable healthcare, including that which is medically most necessary, such as pri-mary and preventative care, dietary and nutritional therapies, prescription drugs, emergency care, long-term care, mental health services, dental services, and vision care. Underscore preventa-tive care. And if we did more in that arena, we wouldn’t have as much of a problem as we do today. Medicare for All will save taxpayers hundreds of dollars a month. Now, I firmly believe that we must focus pri-orities in the interest of the American people to ensure that our citizens have continued access to healthcare serv-ices. So when we come back here in Sep-tember, when we finish all of our fight-ing in November, and we have some-body that is going to get elected, 435 of us will return here and be sworn in in January. Let’s all make a commitment that we are going to work together, to-gether, to get all of the resources, the tremendous minds, the incredible staffs that work here in this institution to-gether, and try to make sure that we do the right thing by the American people and pass a measure that will cause everyone to have affordable care. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The gentleman is quite correct in identifying the other body as some-times an obstacle to good public pol-icy, for it was 1 year ago that the other body blocked a health care reform that this body had passed the previous May. But, Mr. Speaker, I want to draw the House’s attention to an article in to-day’s Wall Street Journal. The title of the article is ‘‘TrumpCare beats ObamaCare.’’ And I just want to quote a little bit from this article. To set the stage, in December, with the repeal of the individual mandate, and quoting here: ‘‘But while many people didn’t realize it at the time, it turns out that Mr. Trump has been helping to improve an important source of insurance coverage since vir-tually the moment he took office.’’ Continuing to quote here: ‘‘By prioritizing economic growth and re-ducing the tax and regulatory burdens on U.S. business, Mr. Trump has helped create an economy with more job open-ings than ever before. As if by magic, the invisible hand of a freer market-place is now generating new benefits as employers compete to fill all those open positions.’’ Continuing to quote here: ‘‘For the first time in six years, the share of U.S. workers offered health insurance through their employer has risen, a sign a tighter labor market is prompt-ing businesses to offer more generous benefits.’’ So, Mr. Speaker, I simply submit that the activities of the Trump ad-ministration have, indeed, improved the healthcare landscape in this coun-try. That is something we should ac-knowledge and embrace. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule that would change the rules of the House to pre-vent any legislation from being consid-ered that would reduce the guaranteed benefits for individuals enrolled in ei-ther Medicare or Medicaid programs. I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the R
ECORD , along with extraneous mate-rial, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.020 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7099 July 24, 2018 
the previous question so that we may protect these critical programs for this generation and the next. Mr. Speaker, I would be prepared now to advise my colleague from Texas that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close when, and if, he is. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close as well. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, this place, the people’s House, should be about ap-proaching our congressional respon-sibilities and daily activities in a man-ner that is fair and respectful to all Americans; in a manner where the ap-propriate committee of jurisdiction holds hearings and markups; in a man-ner where experts in the field are re-spected and consulted; in a manner where Members of both political par-ties have the ability to offer amend-ments and debate the contents of bills that come to the House floor. Unfortunately, in this historically closed-off, Republican run House, that is not the case. And let me make it very clear. Even though in the Ways and Means and the Appropriations Committee, as a matter of practice, we allow for closed rules, we now have, with these three rules that are likely to be finished today, we have 95 closed rules. This is 2018, and not in the his-tory of the people’s House has the proc-ess been as closed. When the Speaker of the House of Representatives began this session, he indicated that it would be the most open session that we would have. And yet, it is not the case. I spoke earlier about immigration, and I saw this morning where the ma-jority leader has determined, even though having promised his own con-ference that he would have a vote on immigration, he ain’t gonna do it. Now, something is wrong with this process and it needs to be corrected, and we can correct it going forward. We will make 100, and then we will be historically referenced as the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of America. What we see are my friends across the aisle, bending over backwards to reward a very specific and elite con-stituency. Week after week, the power-ful gun lobby is rewarded as Repub-lican leadership refuses to bring up even the most commonsense gun vio-lence prevention legislation. The next week, like today, the pow-erful medical insurance lobby chalks up a win as this Republican-led Con-gress votes in favor of special interests over the interests of hardworking Americans. Some other people that make out like bandits that we never talk about are the insurance companies. I could spend a whole hour talking about how they are benefiting while we are about the business of tying each other in knots with verbiage rather than with substantive legislation. Mr. Speaker, while there is no quick fix to any of these measures, not to gun violence, opioid addiction, the im-migration problems, and ongoing for-eign cyber attacks on our election sys-tem’s infrastructure, we simply must engage in the complicated and difficult process of improving our country’s cur-rent policies. I, as well as my colleagues on this side of the aisle, stand ready to work with Members of Congress to bring commonsense legislation to the floor that will benefit all Americans and not just the rarified few. Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule and a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question. This measure we are debating here today ain’t going nowhere, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The gentleman from Florida is mak-ing a point about open rules, and I do feel obligated to point out in the 111th Congress—that was the Congress that was the first 2 years of President Obama’s administration—in the 111th Congress, under Speaker P
ELOSI , the majority had zero open rules. That is zero open rules in the 2 years in which we saw the passage of the Affordable Care Act, the passage of Dodd-Frank; the House-passed Waxman/Markey, which was a cap-and-trade global warming bill, so significant pieces of legislation passed the floor of this House, all under closed rules. But, Mr. Speaker, today’s rule brings forward two pieces of legislation that will have a meaningful impact on Americans’ healthcare costs, including the premiums and the prices they pay for medicines. b1300 H.R. 184, the Protect Medical Innova-tion Act of 2017, which will repeal the Affordable Care Act’s ill-conceived medical device tax, and H.R. 6311, the Increasing Access to Lower Premium Plans and Expanding Health Savings Account Act of 2018, which will provide greater freedom for Americans to use their own money to pay for medical ex-penses out of their health savings ac-counts, both of these build on the House’s work over the past 2 years to make healthcare a more patient-cen-tered market. Mr. Speaker, I certainly want to thank Representatives P
AULSEN and R
OSKAM for their work on these meas-ures. I urge my colleagues to support today’s rule and move the debate for-ward on this legislation. The material previously referred to by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 1011 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: S
EC. 3. Rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘R
ESTRICTIONS ON CONSIDERATION OF LEGIS-
LATION THATWOULD CUTMEDICARE OR MED-
ICAID . 13. (a) It shall not be in order to consider a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report which includes any provision described in paragraph (b). (b) A provision referred to in paragraph (a) is a provision which, if enacted into law, would result in either of the following: (1) a reduction of guaranteed benefits for individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, bene-fits under the Medicare program under title XVIII of 18 such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); or (2) a reduction of benefits or eligibility for individuals enrolled in, or eligible to receive medical assistance through, a State Med-icaid plan or waiver under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 5 et seq.). (c) It shall not be in order to consider a rule or order that waives the application of paragraph (a). As disposition of any point of order under paragraph (a) or this paragraph (except a point of order against an amend-ment pursuant to paragraph (a)), the Chair shall put the question of consideration with respect to the measure, order, conference re-port, or rule as applicable. The question of consideration shall be debatable for 10 min-utes by the Member initiating the point of order and for 10 minutes by an opponent, but shall otherwise be decided without inter-vening motion except one that the House ad-journ.’’ THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.022 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7100 July 24, 2018 
who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6199, RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICATION ACT OF 2018, AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 27, 2018, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 3, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1012 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1012 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 6199) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain over-the-counter medical products as quali-fied medical expenses. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-82 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. SEC. 2. On any legislative day during the period from July 27, 2018, through September 3, 2018— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 4. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). S
EC. 5. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII. S
EC. 6. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar or legislative day for purposes of clause 7(c)(1) of rule XXII. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE of Texas). The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 1012 provides for the consid-eration of an important bill to return control of healthcare spending and budgeting back where it belongs: with the patient. H.R. 6199, the Restoring Access to Medication and Modernizing Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018, would amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain over-the-counter medical products as qualified medical expenses for the purposes of spending one’s own dollars within a health sav-ings account. Today’s resolution provides for a rule to allow H.R. 6199, the Restoring Ac-cess to Medication and Modernizing Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018, the standard practice for a tax-related measure on the House floor. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally di-vided and controlled between the chair and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule does, however, provide the mi-nority with the customary motion to recommit with or without instructions. Also included in the resolution before us today are the standard provisions allowing the House of Representatives to continue to operate while Members are home, working with their constitu-ents during the August district work period. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the rule on H.R. 6199, the Re-storing Access to Medication and Mod-ernizing Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018. This rule includes the work of various Members of Congress on the important issue of modernizing health savings accounts. While this legislation did not move through the Health Sub-committee of the Energy and Com-merce Committee, my fellow members on the other Health Subcommittee, that of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, have done quality work in mov-ing this package. Each bill was re-ported favorably out of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. Speaker, I have long been a sup-porter of increasing flexibility within our healthcare system, especially through the use of health savings ac-counts. Health savings accounts allow patients to feel more involved and to have more control over their healthcare spending. As someone who has personally had a health savings ac-count in the past, I believe it to be a powerful tool but that qualified ex-penses have been limited for too long. This package will give more power to consumers by allowing them to use their hard-earned savings that they put into their health savings accounts on an expanded number of healthcare goods and services. The first bill in this package, Pro-moting High-Value Healthcare Through Flexibility for High-Deduct-ible Health Plans Act, introduced by Chairman R
OSKAM , allows for first-dol-lar coverage flexibility for high-deduct-ible health plans. Many individuals, es-pecially in the post-Affordable Care Act world, have chosen to purchase high-deductible health plans. While this is a reasonable choice for many consumers, there are some who are faced with high out-of-pocket costs. H.R. 6199 allows health plans to pro-vide coverage for up to $250 per year for individuals or $500 per year for families before they meet their deductible. The goal of this provision is to incentivize services that could reduce future healthcare costs, such as primary care visits and telehealth services. Additionally, under current law, indi-viduals are unable to contribute to an HSA if they participate in a direct pri-mary care service arrangement. Rep-resentative E
RIK PAULSEN ’s Primary Care Enhancement Act, which is in-cluded in this rule, enables patients to be able to participate in a direct pri-mary care service arrangement and re-main qualified to contribute to a health savings account. It also includes direct primary care service arrange-ment fees as medical expenses. Some individuals are fortunate enough to receive certain healthcare services at or nearby their workplace through their employer. Representa-tive M
IKEKELLY ’s bipartisan Health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.011 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7101 July 24, 2018 
Savings Account Improvement Act of 2018, which is included in this package, addresses this issue. While it is convenient and helpful to have access to such services, these in-dividuals should not be barred from having a health savings account. This package creates a special rule that in-dividuals can receive free or discounted services offered by their employers on-site or at retail medical clinics. These services may include physical exams, immunizations, nonprescription drugs, treatment of employment-related inju-ries, drug testing if required as a condi-tion of employment, hearing or vision screenings, or other services that are not considered significant benefits in the nature of medical care. Mr. Speaker, the post-Affordable Care Act world is riddled with flaws, but one of the biggest problems is its failure to promote consumer-driven healthcare. Expanding the use of health savings accounts could go a long way to reverse this trend. Health sav-ings accounts give consumers incen-tives to manage their own healthcare costs by coupling a tax-favored savings account used to pay medical expenses with a high-deductible health plan that meets certain requirements for deductibles and out-of-pocket expense limits. The funds in a health savings account are owned by the individual and may be rolled over from year to year. Health savings accounts are not a novel idea. They have been around since 2004, but current health savings account policy is extraordinarily re-strictive, making it harder for con-sumers to take advantage of it. I have spent several years in devel-oping extensive reforms to increase the potential for health savings accounts for consumers, and H.R. 6199 includes meaningful improvements that we can, in fact, get across the finish line now to help families now. One of these improvements is the ability for spouses to contribute to a health savings account under certain circumstances even if their spouse has a flexible spending account. Under cur-rent law, one spouse can reimburse ex-penses for their spouses’ and other de-pendents’ medical expenses; therefore, the other spouse is considered to be in-eligible for an HSA. This provision enables the spouse without the flexible spending account to reimburse for medical expenses, with certain restrictions. This is crit-ical, as it gives individuals increased flexibility to save for their own healthcare expenses that a shared flexi-ble spending account for the whole family may not provide. Additionally, this bill allows for indi-viduals to terminate or convert their flexible spending account and health reimbursement accounts into a health savings account under certain cir-cumstances. Employers would be able to allow their employees to convert their flexible spending account and health reimbursement account bal-ances into health savings account funds if they enroll in a high-deduct-ible health plan with an HSA. This is critical in empowering patients and al-lowing them the flexibility to change health plans without losing their sav-ings. There is a dollar limitation of $2,650 for conversions for individuals, $5,300 for families, and the funds transferred into the HSA would count toward the enrollee’s HSA contribution for that taxable year. H.R. 6199, the bill introduced by Rep-resentative L
YNNJENKINS from Kansas, makes commonsense, patient-centered reforms to help defray costs for indi-viduals. Over-the-counter medications, allergy and cold medicines, antibiotic ointment, and pain relievers are his-torically ineligible expenditures for HSA and other tax-favored healthcare accounts. The ACA created a require-ment in Federal law that forced ac-count holders to go to their doctor to obtain a prescription for over-the- counter medications before purchasing them with their health savings account or flexible spending account. Individ-uals who fail to jump through these hoops and purchase over-the-counter medications without a prescription, in fact, face a tax penalty for making a nonqualified distribution. This policy drives unnecessary utili-zation of doctor services, decreases ac-cess to over-the-counter medications, and discourages people from taking control of saving for their healthcare needs. H.R. 6199 repeals this harmful provision, puts consumers back in the driver’s seat, and allows them efficient access to appropriate medications. Lastly, this legislation permits indi-viduals to invest their hard-earned health savings account dollars into their physical fitness and well-being. In many ways, income is a hurdle for indi-viduals and families who would like to participate in a physical activity, whether they would like to pay for a membership at a fitness facility or pay for their children to join a youth sports league. This legislation opens the door for paying for such activities with health savings account dollars. Known originally as a standalone bill, the Personal Health Investment Today Act, introduced by Representa-tive J
ASON SMITH, allows qualified sports and fitness expenses to count as qualified medical expenses. These par-ticular expenses are capped at $500 a year for individuals and $1,000 on a joint return. b1315 Passage of this provision will assist individuals and families across the Na-tion in investing in their physical fit-ness, which can lead them to healthier lives and stave off conditions such as diabetes and obesity. These bills are an important example of the work we are doing right now to advance Member- driven solutions that will improve healthcare for all Americans. Deductibles, out-of-pocket limita-tions have been steadily growing. Con-gress should be taking steps to make it easier for Americans to save, not re-stricting their options. The rule and the underlying bills included in this package strengthen consumer power and increase flexibility for patients in paying for their medical expenses. I appreciate all of the work that the Members have put into the provisions of this bill. I urge my colleagues to support today’s rule and the under-lying legislation, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes. Mr. Speaker, $2 trillion, that is what this GOP Congress added to the debt last year when they passed their tax scam, $2 trillion that has been taken away from our children and grand-children to give tax breaks to corpora-tions and the very wealthy. And today, we take up three bills which are estimated to add another $100 billion. I suppose in comparison to the tax scam, that may be small pota-toes, but this is real spending with no offsets and no effort to even try to find an offset. When the 115th Congress fi-nally ends, we will have to put trillions on the Nation’s credit card—trillions. Next year, those of us who may be lucky enough to be back will have the hard task of digging ourselves out of this hole, this wall of debt that will have been created by the 115th Con-gress. We will have new Members here who will need to deal with the deci-sions that we are making here today. Let me tell you about my experience in having to deal with those very irre-sponsible decisions that put us and pushed us into debt. In 2008, when I was first elected to the State legislature, I was elected with a wall of debt of $15 billion. My first 30 days in office, we passed four different budgets, and none of it added up. We simply couldn’t pay our bills. We had charged ourselves to a place that we could no longer continue. No one got paid for 6 or 7 months—no one, not the small contractors doing business with the State of California, not the big contractors, not our State employees, not even the members of the legislature. As a matter of fact, I don’t come from money, so every month I took a loan to make my mort-gage. And this is where the 115th Con-gress is leading us today. There are no easy choices. Mr. Speaker, this rule makes in order H.R. 6199, the Restoring Access to Medication and Modernizing Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018. H.R. 6199 claims to restore access to medication and modernizes health savings ac-counts. This bill makes minor changes that largely favor higher income-earn-ing individuals who can afford to set aside that extra money for things like gym memberships. This is not, however, the worst bill we have voted on this year. And some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.026 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7102 July 24, 2018 
of us may end up even voting for it. After all, I support fixes to the Afford-able Care Act. We all do. However, it does not address the destructive ac-tions by President Trump that have disproportionately affected low-income families. After nearly 70 unsuccessful repeal attempts by this Congress, this admin-istration has, sadly, turned to chipping away at the Affordable Care Act. Presi-dent Trump has resorted to undoing key provisions of the healthcare law without offering any working fixes, which ultimately puts in jeopardy ac-cess to healthcare. He has eliminated the individual mandate, which alone will increase premiums by 9 or 10 percent, and he is expanding plans that offer slimmer benefits and reduce consumer protec-tion, also known as junk plans, as they cover nothing. Healthcare plans that can charge you more for being a woman or for being older or for having a preexisting condi-tion, these plans can also outright deny coverage to anyone, putting 130 million Americans’ healthcare at risk. Expanding these volatile health plans into the marketplace will also increase premiums between 1 and 4 percent. Almost a year ago, the Trump admin-istration announced that they were canceling cost-sharing reduction pay-ments which helped nearly 6 million low-income Americans better afford medical services by lowering deductibles and copayments. This alone caused premiums in 2018 to in-crease by 20 percent, all while this ma-jority won’t even try to find a $100 bil-lion offset. Cutting cost-sharing pay-ments increased the deficit by $200 bil-lion. The administration also recently cut additional outreach and consumer education dollars to local organiza-tions by $10 million. And this is not the first time that they cut these critical dollars. From the very beginning of this administra-tion, millions of dollars in outreach, customer assistance and other help and total enrollment time was cut out. Ad-ditionally, we are still waiting on a so-lution to combat the rising prescrip-tion drug crisis, which was promised by this administration. The increasing cost of prescription drugs in combination with the fore-casted increase in medical price infla-tion will also raise premiums between 5.7 and 6.5 percent next year. Earlier this month, President Trump announced yet another sabotage: that he will not make the $10.4 billion in risk adjustment payments, which will also increase premiums. These risk ad-justment payments protect consumers by ensuring insurance companies don’t cherry-pick between the healthy and the sick. It was very telling last week when the Ways and Means Committee chair-man said that GOP lawmakers were ex-ploring a possible legislative fix to re-start the risk adjustment payments that President Trump abruptly sus-pended. The House GOP leadership knows the harm President Trump is causing. Why don’t we do something about it today? The common theme here is an admin-istration consistently undoing key pro-visions in our healthcare system, put-ting Americans’ health at risk, increas-ing premiums, which fall squarely on the shoulders of our families and will add billions of dollars to our deficit. This isn’t the Affordable Care Act. This is TrumpCare. This bill is more of the same. Instead of finding solutions for the families that need it the most, this bill will add $100 billion to the def-icit. We should be spending our time mak-ing positive, meaningful improvements to our existing healthcare system that ensures millions of Americans have ac-cess to affordable healthcare coverage. We should be discussing legislation that puts downward pressure on pre-miums so families don’t have to worry year after year if they will be able to afford healthcare coverage. We should be helping to stabilize the marketplace so consumers can choose from a variety of options that meet their unique family needs. Instead, today, we are, sadly, wasting time discussing a bill that fails to ad-dress the concerns of millions of Amer-icans. I am proud to be from California, a State that stands up for their residents to ensure that they have access to healthcare coverage. In fact, Califor-nia’s comprehensive outreach and mar-keting program was credited with low-ering premiums by 6 to 8 percent—real money. California is proof that effec-tive advertising and outreach can in-crease enrollment, expand coverage, stabilize risk pools, and lower pre-miums. But this administration—and through inaction, this Congress—is driving up healthcare prices for every American, including Californians. So we will vote today on this bill, and it will probably pass, and then it will die in the Senate. And while we send the Senate more legislation that they will never take up, Americans will continue to suffer. Like I said, this isn’t a bad bill, but it only benefits 6 percent of Ameri-cans—6 percent, not the 14 percent who lack healthcare insurance at all. We must do more. We must help those who are falling further and fur-ther behind while this Congress buries us in debt. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, once again, I want to draw attention to an opinion article in today’s Wall Street Journal. The title of the article is ‘‘TrumpCare Beats ObamaCare,’’ July 23, 2018, penned by James Freeman. ‘‘By prioritizing economic growth and reducing the tax and regulatory burdens on U.S. business, Mr. Trump has helped to create an economy with more job openings than ever before. As if by magic, the invisible hand of a freer marketplace is now generating new benefits as employers compete to fill all those open positions.’’ b1330 ‘‘For the first time in 6 years, the share of U.S. workers offered health in-surance through their employer has risen, a sign a tighter labor market is prompting businesses to offer more generous benefits. . . .’’ ‘‘The Trump plan is repairing at least some of the damage caused by ObamaCare. Notes the Journal: ‘‘Among all private-sector workers offered medical benefits, 72 percent opted to take them,’’ which is up from the 17 percent in 2010 when it began to decline. Again, Mr. Speaker, this is to point out that this is all occurring without a new government program. This is be-cause of the strength of the economy. This is what happens when you put the focus on creating good jobs for Amer-ican workers. This is the benefit that results. I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Represent-ative R
UIZ’s legislation, H.R. 6479, which will ban junk insurance plans. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, premiums are skyrocketing across the country, caused by this administration’s sabo-tage of the Affordable Care Act. Just listen to the insurance company CEOs who are directly stating that not fund-ing cost-sharing reductions for point of care for patients who are struggling to pay their bills will increase premiums. And also, by not outreaching to more people and low-risk individuals to come into the insurance pool, they are also increasing the premiums for ev-erybody else. But rather than making healthcare more affordable for all middle class families, this Congress is focusing on making healthcare more affordable for the wealthy few. Instead of protecting the 130 million Americans with preexisting conditions, this Congress is sitting idly by as this administration once again allows in-surance companies to sell junk plans that don’t even cover basic healthcare services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.028 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7103 July 24, 2018 
At a time when we should be stabi-lizing premiums by supporting risk-ad-justment transfers and ACA enroll-ment outreach, the majority is refus-ing to act, simply ignoring the antici-pated 18 percent increase in premiums for hardworking Americans throughout our country because, rather than help the American people, the majority would rather sabotage the Affordable Care Act for their own political gain. This is wrong. So I offer the majority and all the Members of the House this choice: Members can support the pre-vious question, ignore the people who will be priced out of healthcare, and ig-nore all the politically motivated ac-tions by this administration to under-mine access to affordable healthcare in our Nation; or Members can defeat the previous question so that we can bring up my bill, H.R. 6479, the Stop Junk Health Plans Act, which will lower costs and will ensure that Americans continue to have access to high-qual-ity, affordable health plans. It is that simple. You see, in general, there are three out-of-pocket or more than three out- of-pocket costs; in fact, one is the pre-miums, two is the deductibles, three is the co-pays, and four is the out-of- pocket costs Americans will have to pay if their health insurance doesn’t cover those specific services. So only focusing on premiums is a message deception. You see, with junk plans, that will increase out-of-pocket costs for patients because these junk plans may offer Americans a less ex-pensive premium; however, the deductibles will be too expensive. Also, if the majority goes after the essential health benefits and allows in-surance companies not to cover things like emergency care, mental health, or prescription drugs, then they will be responsible for those out-of-pocket costs. Also, if the majority does not defend the protections of people with pre-existing illness—and insurance compa-nies are now able to discriminate against those with diabetes, heart con-ditions, asthma, et cetera—then those individuals will have to pay more over-all out-of-pocket costs either because they were denied or because health in-surance companies will be able to charge them an exorbitant amount of money. So this is why it is so important to keep patient out-of-pocket costs in per-spective and not just focus on the po-litical messaging tools of narrowly fo-cusing on premiums, because someone can buy a low-cost premium health in-surance, but, again, if it doesn’t cover mental health, prescription drugs, emergency care, or other forms of guaranteed coverage under the Afford-able Care Act, then they are going to have to pay that completely out of pocket. If the majority doesn’t protect pa-tients with preexisting illness, then that is 180 million people in this coun-try who have preexisting illnesses who are going to have to pay more out of pocket. So, therefore, we must focus and sta-bilize the health insurance market; we must lower insurance costs by increas-ing enrollees into the insurance mar-ket by low-risk individuals; we must protect essential coverage and protect people with preexisting illness; and we must lower drug prices and the cost of overall care. I urge all my colleagues to make the right choice—the only choice—that supports the American people, in this case, the out-of-pocket costs. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from California an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge Mem-bers to defeat the previous question. I urge Members to do the right thing, to think strategically, and to think about the overall out-of-pocket costs. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I was serving in the United States House of Representatives when the congressional Democrats passed the Affordable Care Act. I was serving in the House of Representatives when the implementation of ObamaCare happened at the end of cal-endar year 2013. I have got to tell you something. The President told me I had a junk insur-ance plan. I was covered by a health savings account in those years. Then- President Obama told me I had a junk insurance plan and that I was going to get something better. I have got to tell you something. I didn’t get something better. I went through healthcare.gov. I bought an unsubsidized ObamaCare policy, the bronze plan. I am like any other con-sumer. I bought on price. What is the cheapest thing I could af-ford? That was the bronze plan. The premium was unbelievable. It was three times what I had paid for a pre-mium before for my so-called junk in-surance which I had had for years, which had covered every medical con-tingency that had occurred in my fam-ily’s life for a number of years. But now I have to buy this policy that the premium was unbelievably high. But that wasn’t the worst part, Mr. Speak-er. The worst part was the deductible. Now, look, I had a health savings ac-count. I bought one as soon as the old medical savings accounts were allowed with the passage of the Kennedy-Kasse-baum bill in, I think it was, July of 1996. The rules got written the next year. People were allowed to buy med-ical savings accounts. I bought one. I converted to a health savings account in 2004. I thought I knew what a high deduct-ible was. That was the whole purpose, after all, of having that medical sav-ings account and, now, health savings account. You have a higher deductible so your premiums are going to be a lit-tle bit lower. My premium certainly wasn’t lower, but that deductible was something un-like anything I had ever seen. I went from a $3,500 deductible in my old health savings account with what then- President Obama said was a junk insur-ance policy. I went from a $3,500 pre-mium to a $6,800 premium for just an individual. This is not a family policy, just for an individual. Now, let me tell you something, Mr. Speaker. Someone wakes up at 3 in the morning with a kidney stone, the worst pain they have ever had in their life. They go to the emergency room basi-cally to get a shot of morphine and an appointment with a urologist the next day and hopefully pass the darn thing. That exercise can cost in excess of $4,000. If you have a $6,800 deductible, guess what. That is all on you. Your coverage is meaningless at that point. And at the same time, you are having to pay a very expensive premium for coverage that is not there when you need it. I am not an expert on this, Mr. Speaker, but I would call that junk in-surance. That is what then-President Obama and the Congressional Demo-crats brought us with the passage of the so-called Affordable Care Act. I would far rather go back to those days before. Most people don’t understand why it is they have less coverage now and it costs them more money. Yeah, they heard the argument, if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor; if you like your coverage, you can keep your coverage. They recognize that perhaps that was political hyperbole. But what they do not understand is: Why am I having to pay so much more now to get so much less? Mr. Speaker, I submit that the abil-ity for individuals to buy health sav-ings accounts is not junk insurance. That is coverage that people can use. That is help for right now. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, in the first 12 months of this administration, 3.2 million people have lost their healthcare because of the sabotage of this administration. As a matter of fact, last year, we had the highest increase in the number of unin-sured since the ACA was passed. When the ACA was passed, I was not in Congress. I was a State legislator in California, where we embraced the ACA, where we made it work for our families, and where we reached out to our constituents and asked: How can we make it better? This is not the ceiling; this is the floor. As State representatives, we felt that we had an urgency to act, to make it better and make it work for our con-stituents. That is what we did, and that is why the California exchange is so successful. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.030 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7104 July 24, 2018 
But that didn’t happen in other States controlled by Republican legis-lators and Republican Governors. Un-fortunately, they chose to do the oppo-site, and that has hurt their constitu-ents. Mr. Speaker, the bill we are consid-ering today will add another $100 bil-lion to our national debt. That is not a small thing. When the bill comes due for this ex-penditure, how are we going to pay for it? What is the plan? Where is the budget? Where is the fiscal conser-vancy here? Will the House GOP majority then go after the least fortunate Americans by cutting Medicaid? Or maybe they will go after American seniors and cut Medicare and Social Security. These are the questions people will be asking themselves when they exer-cise their American civic duty this fall. Americans will have to decide: Are tril-lions in tax cuts for wealthy corpora-tions worth it to me if it means that I can’t go to the doctor? That is why we have to offer real so-lutions, and we can start by paying for these bills today. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and the rule because we owe it to our future generations who will have to answer for our actions here today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. First off, Mr. Speaker, let me ref-erence an article from the Investor’s Business Daily from April 10 of this year. I am quoting Investor’s Business Daily: ‘‘When the Congressional Budget Of-fice released its updated budget fore-cast, everyone focused on the deficit number. But buried in the report was the Congressional Budget Office’s tacit admission that it vastly overestimated the cost of the Trump tax cuts because it didn’t account for the strong eco-nomic growth they would generate. ‘‘Among the many details in the re-port, the one reporters focused on was the Congressional Budget Office’s fore-cast that the Federal deficit would top $1 trillion in 2020. . . .’’ Most of the news accounts blame the tax cuts. I am continuing to quote here: ‘‘But there’s more to the story that the media overlooked. ‘‘First, the CBO revised its economic forecast sharply upward this year and next. ‘‘Last June, the CBO said GDP growth for 2018 would be just 2 percent. Now it figures growth will be 3.3 per-cent’’—this was last April, Mr. Speak-er; I suspect it is probably going to be higher at the end of this quarter—‘‘a significant upward revision. It also boosted its forecast for 2019 from a meager 1.5 percent to a respectable 2.4 percent.’’ b1345 Mr. Speaker, the tax cuts are work-ing to boost economic growth. Obvi-ously, the story is far from completed, but the revenue generated by that in-creased growth is more than enough to offset the tax cuts that were passed by this body last December. Mr. Speaker, today’s rule allows the House to take another step in fixing the problems created by the Affordable Care Act and returning control of healthcare spending back to patients, where it belongs. H.R. 6199, the Restoring Access to Medication Act of 2018, will allow those Americans with health savings ac-counts to use those accounts to pay for over-the-counter medications, the practice which existed up until the Democrats took away that ability in the Affordable Care Act. This is the right thing to do. I want to thank Representative J
EN-
KINS for her leadership on this legisla-tion and the Members who contributed to the package that is before us today. I urge my colleagues to support today’s rule and support the underlying bills. The material previously referred to by Mrs. T
ORRES is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 1012 O FFERED BY  M
S. TORRES  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 7. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6479) to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to include short-term limited duration plans in the definition of individual health insurance coverage. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 8. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 6479. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the pre-vious question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.031 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7105 July 24, 2018 
previous question on House Resolution 1012 will be followed by 5-minutes votes on: Adoption of House Resolution 1012, if ordered; Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 1011; and Adoption of House Resolution 1011, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 224, nays 184, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 368] YEAS—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—20 
Black Blackburn Ellison Eshoo Graves (MO) Hanabusa Hartzler Jeffries King (IA) Lipinski Long Messer Moore Noem Price (NC) Rokita Smith (MO) Speier Walz Yoder 
b1412 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present during rollcall vote No. 368 on July 24, 2018. Had I been present, on rollcall vote No. 368, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 179, not voting 20, as follows: [Roll No. 369] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—179 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.035 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7106 July 24, 2018 
Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—20 
Black Blackburn Diaz-Balart Ellison Graves (MO) Hanabusa Hartzler King (IA) Lipinski Long Messer Moore Noem Price (NC) Rokita Ruppersberger Smith (MO) Speier Walz Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1420 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN MEMORY OF OFFICER JACOB J. CHESTNUT AND DETECTIVE JOHN M. GIB-SON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair asks that the House now observe a moment of silence in memory of Offi-cer Jacob J. Chestnut and Detective John M. Gibson of the United States Capitol Police who were killed in the line of duty defending the Capitol on July 24, 1998. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 184, PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6311, INCREASING AC-CESS TO LOWER PREMIUM PLANS AND EXPANDING HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 1011) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 184) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6311) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to modify the definition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals pur-chasing health insurance in the indi-vidual market to purchase a lower pre-mium copper plan, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 223, nays 188, not voting 17, as follows: [Roll No. 370] YEAS—223 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—188 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.002 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7107 July 24, 2018 
NOT VOTING—17 
Black Blackburn Ellison Graves (MO) Hanabusa Hartzler King (IA) Long Messer Moore Noem Price (NC) Rokita Smith (MO) Speier Walz Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1429 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 225, noes 184, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 371] AYES—225 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—19 
Black Blackburn Ellison Graves (MO) Hanabusa Hartzler King (IA) Levin Long Messer Moore Noem Price (NC) Ratcliffe Rokita Smith (MO) Speier Walz Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1436 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I was un-able to vote on July 24, 2018, due to delayed travel on account of inclement weather. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall No. 368, ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall No. 369, ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall No. 370, and ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall No. 371. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with amend-ments in which the concurrence of the House is requested, bills of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 589. An act to establish Department of Energy policy for science and energy re-search and development programs, and re-form National Laboratory management and technology transfer programs, and for other purposes. H.R. 2353. An act to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the fol-lowing title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 2503. An act to establish Department of Energy policy for science and energy re-search and development programs, and re-form National Laboratory management and technology transfer programs, and for other purposes. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
EQUITABLE ACCESS TO CARE AND HEALTH ACT Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1201) to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1201 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Equitable Access to Care and Health Act’’ or the ‘‘EACH Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.003 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7108 July 24, 2018 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL RELIGIOUS EXEMPTION FROM HEALTH COVERAGE RESPON-SIBILITY REQUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(d)(2)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) R
ELIGIOUS CONSCIENCE EXEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Such term shall not in-clude any individual for any month if such individual has in effect an exemption under section 1311(d)(4)(H) of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act which certifies that— ‘‘(I) such individual is a member of a recog-nized religious sect or division thereof which is described in section 1402(g)(1), and is ad-herent of established tenets or teachings of such sect or division as described in such sec-tion; or ‘‘(II) such individual is a member of a reli-gious sect or division thereof which is not described in section 1402(g)(1), who relies solely on a religious method of healing, and for whom the acceptance of medical health services would be inconsistent with the reli-gious beliefs of the individual. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(I) M
EDICAL HEALTH SERVICES DEFINED .— For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘medical health services’ does not include routine dental, vision and hearing services, midwifery services, vaccinations, necessary medical services provided to children, serv-ices required by law or by a third party, and such other services as the Secretary of Health and Human Services may provide in implementing section 1311(d)(4)(H) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. ‘‘(II) A
TTESTATION REQUIRED .—Clause (i)(II) shall apply to an individual for months in a taxable year only if the information provided by the individual under section 1411(b)(5)(A) of such Act includes an attestation that the individual has not received medical health services during the preceding taxable year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. (c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amend-ment made by subsection (a) shall preempt any State law requiring the provision of medical treatment for children, especially those who are seriously ill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 1201, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am very happy to see this bipartisan bill is getting a vote today. H.R. 1201, the EACH Act, or Equi-table Access to Care and Health Act, introduced by my colleague, Mr. R
OD-
NEYDAVIS from Illinois, provides com-monsense relief from ObamaCare’s mandate to purchase insurance from those who object on religious grounds. This bill extends the religious con-science exemption from ObamaCare’s individual mandate to those individ-uals who rely solely on a religious method of healing. Receiving medical health services, as we traditionally think of them, is inconsistent with the religious belief of Christian Scientists. This bill says that for people who choose not to use traditional healthcare or services, they are fully exempted from the Affordable Care Act’s requirement to buy insurance. For Christian Scientists, if they bought the insurance plan, they wouldn’t use it anyway. If you don’t believe in something, why should the government force you to participate. In healthcare, so many of our choices have been restricted because of the Af-fordable Care Act’s domino effect across the entire healthcare sector. The EACH Act takes a step in the right direction by restoring freedom for peo-ple who had to face a dire decision of either violating their conscience by purchasing ObamaCare or violating the law. This is an unfair position that the law should not put them in, and I hope we can finally resolve this by passing the EACH Act today. We must come together to help those who have been hurt by this intrusion into their lives. This bill has wide-spread bipartisan support. In fact, the House passed a similar bill last Con-gress by voice vote. Once more, passing the EACH Act will reduce the deficit by $31 million. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the House has passed this bill before, making clarifications on the existing religious exemptions for healthcare. I understand that reli-gious groups have important healthcare concerns that must be taken seriously. I support this bill. But we should be talking about issues in healthcare that our constituents are bringing up to us every day, like skyrocketing prescrip-tion drug costs, increasing premium costs, and threats to guaranteed cov-erage for preexisting conditions, a di-rect result of efforts by my Republican colleagues. The Trump administration continues to raise costs and reduce access to af-fordable healthcare in its never-ending effort to sabotage the Affordable Care Act. In just the last few weeks, the admin-istration has refused to defend protec-tions for Americans with preexisting conditions, stopped risk adjustment payments to health plans covering sicker patients, and again slashed pay-ments to the navigators that help peo-ple access healthcare insurance. These and many other misguided efforts are raising the costs for those Americans who need healthcare coverage the most. We should be examining and respond-ing to this growing threat to affordable care, not ignoring it. I encourage my Republican col-leagues to bring to the floor bills that truly address the healthcare cost crisis that middle class Americans and sen-iors are facing. After all, that was their promise to our constituents. In 2015, the President promised: We’re going to terminate ObamaCare. We’re going to terminate it, it’s going to be terminated. It’s going to be re-placed with something much better and something much less expensive for you and for the country. Republicans and the President have failed to present the public with a bet-ter plan, and they have failed to drive down the cost to patients. As a matter of fact, their work has driven costs up. The cumulative ACA sabotage by the Republican Congress and the administration are adding as much as 24 percent of healthcare pre-mium increases in my home State of California. Now they should work with us to strengthen and protect existing pro-grams so that our constituents can go to the doctor when they need to or get surgery or a drug that their lives de-pend on. As Members of Congress, this is our responsibility. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, the good news for my friend from California is that tomorrow he will have an oppor-tunity to vote on bills that will lower the costs of healthcare with the health savings account agenda that is forth-coming. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), a longstanding advocate on behalf of Christian Scientists, who has tried to bring rescue to them. b1445 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) for yielding me time, and I thank another gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) for introducing this legislation. The Equitable Access to Care and Health Act is a bill that I strongly sup-port. It expands the religious con-science exemption in the Affordable Care Act. The bipartisan legislation has broad support in the House and in the Senate. It has passed the House by voice vote in the last two Congresses. The ACA currently provides for a re-ligious conscience exemption, but the exemption is unduly narrow and ap-plies only to a few faiths. This exemp-tion should be expanded to accommo-date other religions whose sincerely- held religious beliefs could cause them not to purchase healthcare insurance. With the recent repeal of the indi-vidual mandate, the CBO now esti-mates that the bill will result in about $30 million in cost savings. I hope my colleagues will support this piece of legislation. It will help advance the cause of religious freedom. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.007 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7109 July 24, 2018 
I just want to mention that my friend and committee member was half right in what he said about tomorrow’s vote. We will be voting on some healthcare bills tomorrow, and they are bills that will help. But they will help people that either have the money to pay for healthcare or people who are healthy, not the folks who need access to quality, affordable healthcare. I would be remiss if I didn’t point out that, contrary to this party’s position for decades, these bills aren’t paid for, and they are going to add about $70 bil-lion worth of costs to our national debt. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. R
OSKAM for his leadership on this issue. I also want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), because this bill that we are talking about today is and has been rife with nothing but bipartisan support. It is issues like this that we can work together to correct. No mat-ter what the bill is, no matter what some of the other outlying issues of implementation of certain laws that may or may not affect our constituents and how they do so, but the fact that we are trying to fix this once and for all, for many in this country, is a tes-tament to what good happens here in a bipartisan fashion. I also want to thank the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, K
EVIN B
RADY , my good friend, for his contin-ued leadership on this issue and help-ing to make sure this bill comes back to the floor. This Congress has an opportunity to continue the bipartisanship I just talked about and promote religious lib-erty and fairness by passing the EACH Act, because the EACH Act modestly expands the religious conscience ex-emptions under the Affordable Care Act to include individuals who rely solely on religious methods of healing. The current religious conscience ex-emption under the Affordable Care Act exclusively applies to only a few select faiths. As a result, some Americans, in-cluding Christian Scientists, are re-quired to purchase medical health in-surance that does not cover the healthcare of their religious practice and choice. They are, therefore, forced with the choice of violating their con-science by purchasing traditional health insurance or violating the law by not complying with any individual mandate. Under the EACH Act, applicants must attest annually that they are a member of a religious group, that they rely solely on a religious method of healing, and that they have not re-ceived medical health services during the preceding taxable year. This is a very important point, Mr. Speaker. Additionally, with the help of input from the American Academy of Pediatrics, the bill makes it clear that the legislation does not preempt any State laws requiring the provision of medical treatment for children. Fur-ther, if a parent needs to provide a nec-essary medical service to a child, doing so would not invalidate the individual’s exemption. The EACH Act, again, is truly an ex-ample of bipartisan legislation with input from stakeholders that actually made it better. I am proud to have worked with my friend and colleague, Mr. KEATING , on moving this legisla-tion forward. He knows this issue well. His home State of Massachusetts es-tablished a similar religious conscience exemption in State law more than 10 years ago. I also represent Principia College, a college for Christian Scientists in Elsah, Illinois, one that we have a few graduates of right here in Congress, in-cluding the last speaker, Mr. L
AMAR  S
MITH. While working on this bill, I have heard from both students and pro-fessors from Principia on the impor-tance of passing this legislation and what it would mean to their lives. One such student wrote: ‘‘I feel reli-gious liberty is such a vital part of the American exceptionalism that per-meates worldly thought, and the pass-ing of this bill will only contribute to the commitment of our government to preserve that right. My family has paid excessive amounts for healthcare, among other expenses, that we do not use due to our reliance on the Chris-tian Science healing for prayer. I do not believe Christian Scientists should feel that they are being punished in some way for expressing their First Amendment right.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand up here today for their First Amendment right. This legislation is about as straight-forward as it gets. It is broadly bipar-tisan, promotes religious liberty and fairness, and it also saves the tax-payers money. The Congressional Budget Office estimated passing the EACH Act would save taxpayers an ad-ditional $31 million, if signed into law. The EACH Act passed this House in both the 113th and 114th Congresses, but, unfortunately, it was held up in the Senate. It is time that Congress fi-nally passes the EACH Act out of both Chambers and sends it to the Presi-dent’s desk for his signature. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Does the gentleman from Illinois have fur-ther speakers? Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I yield myself the balance of my time, and I thank the sponsors for their work on this bill. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. We hold conscience in this House ten-derly. Our Founders were wise. In the First Amendment to the Bill of Rights, the first freedom that they articulated was our freedom to worship. What you are hearing today is a bipartisan con-sensus that we value that, and we rec-ognize the power of conscience, the power of religious liberty, the power of being able to worship as one pleases. That is something that Mr. DAVIS from Illinois is advocating today, Mr. T
HOMPSON is supporting as well, along with the longstanding work of Mr. S
MITH from Texas. Passing this bill will give those who object to health insurance on religious grounds the ability to opt out of the system that they don’t want to partici-pate in, in its entirety. They won’t have to face a choice between violating their belief and violating the law any-more. I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OS-
KAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1201, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIVE AMERICAN HEALTH SAVINGS IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1476) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permit individuals eligible for Indian Health Service as-sistance to qualify for health savings accounts, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1476 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Native American Health Savings Improvement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INDIVIDUALS ELIGIBLE FOR INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE ASSISTANCE NOT DISQUALIFIED FROM HEALTH SAV-INGS ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(c)(1) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INDIVIDUALS ELIGI -
BLE FOR ASSISTANCE UNDER INDIAN HEALTH  
SERVICE PROGRAMS .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A)(ii), an individual shall not be treated as covered under a health plan de-scribed in such subparagraph merely because the individual receives hospital care or med-ical services under a medical care program of the Indian Health Service or of a tribal orga-nization.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.045 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7110 July 24, 2018 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1476, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to stand be-fore you today as we consider H.R. 1476, the Native American Health Savings Improvement Act, a bipartisan bill in-troduced by Mr. M
OOLENAAR of Michi-gan, that makes commonsense im-provements to current rules sur-rounding health savings accounts and those who get care through the Indian Health Service. Generally, anyone covered solely by a high-deductible health plan that meets certain requirements is allowed to make tax-free contributions to a health savings account. But for certain individuals who receive care through the Indian Health Service, this isn’t the case. Under IRS guidance, an individual who has received medical services at an Indian Health Service facility at any time during the previous 3 months is ineligible to make contributions to an HSA. This practice could discourage those who rely on care delivered at an Indian Health Service facility from participating in an HSA. This should be fixed so that these enrollees can avail themselves to the benefits of Health Savings Accounts. High-deductible health plans and health savings accounts are critical components of consumer-driven healthcare. Together, they empower in-dividuals and families to shop around. They unleash the power of choice and competition that are so badly needed in healthcare to lower costs and im-prove quality today. These are the ele-ments we need to encourage in the sys-tem, if we are going to start bending the cost curve in the right direction, and if we want to lower barriers to these types of accounts and encourage individuals who are otherwise eligible not to forgo treatment at an Indian Health Service facility simply because of confusion over when they might be able to resume contributing to their HSA. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the House has passed this bill before. It allows individuals el-igible for Indian Health Service, or IHS, to participate in a health savings account if they are enrolled in a high- deductible health plan. I support this bill. We should be talk-ing about issues in healthcare that strengthen our healthcare system for all Americans while addressing the issues in the Indian Health Service pro-gram, and there should be no exception to that today. Given the important role IHS plays providing primary care to our Native American population, we should be working to ensure that all participants in IHS have access to high-quality care. Reports of underfunding and re-sulting substandard care need to be ad-dressed, so we make sure that all indi-viduals that this healthcare program serves benefit from the congressional action that we take, not just those who happen to have the money to put in an HSA, to pay for an HSA. We shouldn’t overlook the important role Medicare and Medicaid play in providing healthcare to these popu-lations. Thousands of IHS beneficiaries are also enrolled in Medicare, Med-icaid, or some combination of both. Republicans are looking to dramati-cally cut and undermine these critical programs. Offering IHS enrollees a sav-ings account won’t make up for dam-age inflicted by the cuts to Medicaid or Medicare. Instead, we should strengthen both of these programs and coordinate care with IHS to make sure individuals are getting the best care possible. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ). Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to thank Chairman B
RADY  of the House Committee on Ways and Means for his leadership of the com-mittee, and also Mr. R
OSKAM and Mr. T
HOMPSON for their support here on the floor today. I also want to thank Congressman R
AULRUIZfor cosponsoring this legis-lation and making it bipartisan. This legislation before us today, H.R. 1476, will improve access to health sav-ings accounts for Native Americans who choose to receive care at Indian Health Service facilities by ending an unnecessary penalty against them. Mr. Speaker, if you or I were to use a health savings account, we would be able to immediately make a contribu-tion to it the day after you receive care at a doctor’s office. There is no prohibi-tion on making those contributions. However, right now, Native Ameri-cans across the country, including my constituents, cannot do the same thing if they receive treatment from a doctor at the Indian Health Service. Instead, they are prohibited from immediately saving the money they earned and must wait for 3 months before they can make another contribution into the personal account they use to provide for their health and that of their fam-ily. This makes no sense. Instead, this commonsense legislation eliminates the problem. If this bill becomes law, Native Americans will no longer have to wait 3 months. They will be able to receive treatment from Indian Health Service doctors near them and save money in their HSAs whenever they want. This is a bipartisan, patient-centered solution to a government-created prob-lem. b1500 It will benefit the Saginaw Chip-pewas in my district as well as Tribes throughout Michigan and across the country. It will help those who work hard to save money and take care of their families. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their support of this legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsors of this bill, and I want to give a par-ticular shout-out to Congressman RAUL R
UIZ, also Dr. R UIZwhen he is not in Congress, for his cosponsorship of this bill and all the hard work that he has put into this effort. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to cast an ‘‘aye’’ vote for this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, about 22 million Americans are covered by high- deductible health plans with an HSA. These are options that are increasingly popular across the spectrum because they lower premiums and they are a vehicle to save for other healthcare ex-penses. I think this is a good bill. It has been well articulated this afternoon, par-ticularly by the bill’s sponsor and by Mr. T
HOMPSON , and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1476, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
WATER AND AGRICULTURE TAX REFORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 519) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 519 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Water and Agriculture Tax Reform Act of 2018’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.048 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7111 July 24, 2018 
SEC. 2. FACILITATE WATER LEASING AND WATER TRANSFERS TO PROMOTE CON-SERVATION AND EFFICIENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (12) of section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(J) T
REATMENT OF MUTUAL DITCH IRRIGA -
TION COMPANIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a mutual ditch or irrigation company or of a like orga-nization to a mutual ditch or irrigation com-pany, subparagraph (A) shall be applied with-out taking into account— ‘‘(I) any income received or accrued from the sale, lease, or exchange of fee or other in-terests in real and personal property, includ-ing interests in water (other than income de-rived from the sale, lease, or transfer of water to nonmembers outside the river basin or basins within which the mutual ditch or irrigation company operates), ‘‘(II) any income received or accrued from the sale or exchange of stock in a mutual ditch or irrigation company (or in a like or-ganization to a mutual ditch or irrigation company) or contract rights for the delivery or use of water, or ‘‘(III) any income received or accrued from the investment of income described in sub-clause (I) or (II), except that any income described in sub-clause (I), (II), or (III) which is distributed or expended for expenses (other than for oper-ations, maintenance, and capital improve-ments) of the mutual ditch or irrigation company or of the like organization to a mu-tual ditch or irrigation company (as the case may be) shall be treated as nonmember in-come in the year in which it is distributed or expended. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, expenses (other than for operations, maintenance, and capital improvements) in-clude expenses for the construction of con-veyances designed to deliver water outside of the system of the mutual ditch or irrigation company or of the like organization. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF ORGANIZATIONAL GOV -
ERNANCE .—In the case of a mutual ditch or irrigation company or of a like organization to a mutual ditch or irrigation company, where State law provides that such a com-pany or organization may be organized in a manner that permits voting on a basis which is pro rata to share ownership on corporate governance matters, subparagraph (A) shall be applied without taking into account whether its member shareholders have one vote on corporate governance matters per share held in the corporation. Nothing in this clause shall be construed to create any inference about the requirements of this sub-section for companies or organizations not included in this clause.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 519, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), and I ask unanimous con-sent that he be allowed to control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 519, which would provide tax-exempt mutual irrigation companies with more flexibility in respect to funding their operations, maintenance, and improve-ment of their water infrastructure, es-pecially in drought-stricken areas. Tax-exempt mutual ditch or irriga-tion companies are important to rural communities and to agriculture. These companies allow farmers, ranchers, and others, including water users and even some urban water users, to collaborate and pool resources to install and main-tain vital infrastructure for the deliv-ery of water. To maintain their tax-exempt status, however, mutual ditch or irrigation companies must satisfy Tax Code re-quirements that the bulk of their in-come, which is used to fund operations and capital improvements, must be from the shareholders of these irriga-tion and water delivery districts. H.R. 519 allows these companies to receive other sources of income and still maintain their tax-exempt status. The bill provides that, for the income from other sources to receive this pref-erential tax treatment, it generally must be used for operations and main-tenance to ensure that these funds will be reinvested in irrigation infrastruc-ture systems. This bill would provide mutual irri-gation companies with more flexibility with respect to funding their oper-ations and maintaining improvements to their water infrastructure, espe-cially in the drought-stricken areas, and it will facilitate more efficient water allocation in support of these rural economies. This bill also clarifies that govern-ance matters in regard to these mutual ditch or irrigation companies may be arranged as permitted under the State laws. This bill supports local economies, promotes more efficient use of water, helps farmers and ranchers in many arid areas, and actually is just much fairer in how these resources are main-tained and the ability to maintain these districts under the understanding of the current Tax Code. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us will allow certain entities to retain their tax exemption so long as they are gen-erally reinvesting that revenue in oper-ations and maintenance, including cap-ital projects. As a farmer from California, I know well how critical water infrastructure improvements are to small irrigation districts. This change will help irriga-tion districts continue to invest in drought-resilient projects instead of re-lying on rate increases. In States like mine, both drought- stricken and reliant on irrigation dis-tricts for water deliveries, infrastruc-ture investment is a critical tool to help us prepare for future droughts. But we must also ensure that Federal policy changes do not create unin-tended consequences for water users. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rep-resentative B
UCKand Chairman B RADY  for working with me to include guard-rails in this bill that will eliminate fi-nancial incentives to transfer water among regions in a way that disadvan-tages agricultural enterprise, impairs water quality, or causes environmental harm. This protection against poten-tial for abuse resulting from the policy changes in H.R. 519 should prevent undue harm to my northern California constituents. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, just sort of a quick commentary. I want to thank the gentleman from California for his input, his observa-tions. He has been incredibly construc-tive and paid a lot of attention to pro-tecting his constituents. Those of us from arid areas, we care a lot about this. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK). Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) for giving me this oppor-tunity to speak on behalf of H.R. 519, the Water and Agriculture Tax Reform Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. T
HOMPSON for his work on this and making sure that this is, in fact, a bi-partisan effort and a much better bill than it started out as. I also want to thank Chairman B
RADY in the Ways and Means Com-mittee for working with me to bring this bill to the floor. I introduced this bill last year, and Chairman B
RADY has been a good partner in assisting with its passage from the committee. Mr. Speaker, farmers, ranchers, and families, businesses, sportsmen, every-one in my district relies on water for their livelihood, but in the arid prairies of the Great Plains, water is running short. Under the blistering Colorado Sun, poorly watered crops quickly be-come less productive and may die alto-gether. Farmers around my district tell me they are moving operations elsewhere because they don’t have access to water or they simply can’t afford it. Agricultural communities around the Nation will face economic crisis if farmers and ranchers cannot afford water. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.008 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7112 July 24, 2018 
H.R. 519 is a key step towards solving this problem. It offers farmers and ranchers an affordable water supply; and in doing so, it supports not only our agricultural communities, but ev-eryone in America who relies on farms and ranches for food. My bill seeks to help farmers by em-powering them to support each other. Many farmers rely on nonprofit, mem-ber-owned cooperatives to supply their water. These mutual irrigation and ditch companies give farmers owner-ship in their water supply. However, current IRS regulations prohibit these nonprofits from generating more than 15 percent of their revenue from non-member sources. If they exceed this 15 percent threshold, they lose their tax- exempt status. H.R. 519 responds by removing caps on how much revenue these water com-panies can raise from nonmember sources, allowing them, for example, to sell water access for recreational use or raise funds through crossing fees. The only requirement is that this revenue must be reinvested in maintenance, op-erations, and infrastructure improve-ments, keeping water prices affordable for the members and upholding the nonprofit ideals of the cooperative. With this financial freedom, mutual ir-rigation and ditch companies can con-tinue to play a vital role in supporting our Nation’s farmers. The bill also reforms the IRS treat-ment of member voting eligibility for cooperatives, protecting mutual asso-ciations that have complied with State law for years. By empowering nonprofit mutual irrigation ditch companies to raise revenue from nonmember sources, H.R. 519 will reduce the cost of water for cash-strapped farmers. Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to help our rural communities and, frankly, all of America by passing the Water and Agriculture Tax Reform Act. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsors of this bill, in particular Congressman B
UCKfor his good work working with me to ensure that we were able to take care of some concerns that we had in the original drafting of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote for this piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume for a very quick closing. In a previous life, I was the treasurer of Maricopa County. We had 3,300 tax-ing districts in this county. A substan-tial number of those taxing districts were actually just these, irrigation and water delivery. Many of them were in the rural parts of my county, but a lot of them, you would be surprised, were actually in the suburban and even some in downtown Phoenix. I have actually had a conversation with a couple of them, one asking if they had an excess water allocation that year, could they actually sell it to the local pond, the little conservation reserve in our riverbed, and those things; and if they did so, if that amount of money exceeded 15 percent of their revenues, would they blow up their tax status. In this case, this legislation would prevent that, but they still have to use that money to constantly improve their infrastructure, therefore, I be-lieve, being more water economical. So this is a good thing for our com-munities, particularly rural, particu-larly the uniqueness of those of us in the desert Southwest. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROS-
KAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 519, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ENSURING INTEGRITY IN THE IRS WORKFORCE ACT OF 2018 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3500) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-hibit the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service from rehiring any em-ployee of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from service for misconduct, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3500 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Integ-rity in the IRS Workforce Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON REHIRING ANY EM-PLOYEE OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE WHO WAS INVOLUNTARILY SEPARATED FROM SERVICE FOR MIS-CONDUCT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7804 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION ON REHIRING EMPLOYEES IN-
VOLUNTARILY SEPARATED .—The Commissioner may not hire any individual previously em-ployed by the Commissioner who was removed for misconduct under this subchapter or chapter 43 or chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, or whose employment was terminated under sec-tion 1203 of the Internal Revenue Service Re-structuring and Reform Act of 1998 (26 U.S.C. 7804 note).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to the hiring of employees after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise author-ized. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 3500, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Kansas? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are taking up H.R. 3500, the bipartisan Ensuring In-tegrity in the IRS Workforce Act. This bill seeks to provide additional safe-guards within the IRS by prohibiting the agency from rehiring any indi-vidual previously employed by the IRS but removed for misconduct or termi-nated for cause. b1515 Before we talk more about this bill, I would like to take a moment just to thank the bill’s sponsor, Representa-tive K
RISTI NOEM from South Dakota, for her tireless work on this bill. Last Congress, a version of this bill passed the House of Representatives with overwhelming, bipartisan support. This Congress, we made some small changes to the bill to address some of my colleagues’ concerns and we hope that they will continue to support the bill in its new form. We are also en-couraged to see its presence in the bi-partisan Taxpayer First Act, intro-duced by chairman and ranking mem-ber of the Senate Finance Committee just last week. As we all know, IRS employees have access to Americans’ most sensitive in-formation, such as our Social Security numbers, home addresses, and how much we are paid. Given the magnitude of the sensitive information that the IRS holds, hiring employees of high in-tegrity is essential to maintaining pub-lic trust in tax administration and safeguarding taxpayer information. In 2017, work by the Treasury Inspec-tor General for Tax Administration, or TIGTA, raised serious concerns about the IRS’s continued practice of rehir-ing former employees with conduct and performance issues. The inspector gen-eral concluded that the IRS does not have effective hiring policies to fully consider past employee conduct and performance issues prior to making a tentative decision to rehire them. I should note that this is the second such report that the inspector general has published. In 2014, the inspector general first alerted Congress to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.052 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7113 July 24, 2018 
issue, finding that the IRS was rehiring former employees with significant con-duct or performance issues. So what types of conduct are we talking about here? We are talking about IRS employees who threatened their coworkers, didn’t pay their own taxes, were excessively absent, falsified employment forms, or were so deficient in their jobs that the IRS had no choice but to terminate their employ-ment. There were also instances where employees accessed sensitive taxpayer information without authorization to do so. I think we can all agree that those are not the types of people that the IRS should be seeking to rehire. While Congress has repeatedly sought to signal to the IRS its concern on this issue through legislation such as the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998, and the IRS Consolidated Appro-priations Act of 2016, the IRS continues to struggle. TIGTA’s most recent findings sug-gest that further congressional action is needed. As a result, we have before us today a bill which will seek to guar-antee that this practice does not con-tinue. It also ensures greater integrity within the IRS’s workforce, something that I think all Members of Congress can easily support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today’s debate reminds me of the words of Will Rogers who used to say that: ‘‘The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn’t get worse every time Congress meets.’’ Although I concede that he had a point during most of the past year, hopefully, today will be an exception to the Rogers rule. That is because we are taking up H.R. 3500, a good bill that would prevent the IRS from rehiring employees who have previously been terminated due to poor conduct or per-formance. I want to say at the outset that I know most, if not overwhelmingly all, IRS employees tend to be ethical and diligent public servants who have, in recent years, been asked to do much more with much less. That is exactly what the American people deserve and expect from them and we all appreciate those efforts. The IRS employees collecting our Nation’s revenue enable the Federal Government to support veterans bene-fits, pave roads, protect the environ-ment, fund medical research, care for needy children, and meet all of the other needs our Federal Government asks. This is an enormous task, and we need intelligent men and women of in-tegrity in those roles who will admin-ister our Tax Code in a fair, even-hand-ed, reasonable, and ethical manner. Most IRS employees meet this stand-ard with the utmost attention to their professional responsibilities and we honor their contributions to the coun-try. When we learn of situations that fall short of those high standards or em-ployees who have conducted them-selves dishonorably, though, it is criti-cally important to rectify the situation swiftly. Jobs at the IRS are positions of great public trust, and last year the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Ad-ministration alerted us to a practice of hiring individuals who had previously violated that trust. During 15 months covering parts of 2015 and 2016, TIGTA found that the IRS hired almost 7,500 people, includ-ing 2,000 rehires. About 10 percent of the rehired employees, who were most-ly seasonal workers, had been termi-nated or separated while under inves-tigation for substantiated conduct or performance issues. Four of the more than 200 rehired employees failed to file their own tax returns. Four were under investigation for unauthorized access to taxpayer information. Twen-ty-seven failed to disclose a prior ter-mination or conviction on their appli-cations, as required. Although these hires represent but a fraction of IRS employees overall, it is important that we rectify the situation swiftly and prevent this from hap-pening in the future. So I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3500, and at the same time remind them that the outliers we are address-ing today should not diminish our re-spect for the men and women at the IRS who serve the public with, I think, dignity every single day. Mr. Speaker, let me thank those In-ternal Revenue Service employees for their hard work. Mr. Speaker, I urge our colleagues on both sides to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I would like to point out that this legislation has enjoyed wide bipartisan support in the past, and for good reason. It is a commonsense bill that will help build trust with the IRS and integrity within our tax system. I want to, again, thank my colleague from South Dakota, Representative K
RISTI NOEM, for being a leader on this issue and for sponsoring this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support H.R. 3500, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3500, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
IMPROVING SOCIAL SECURITY’S SERVICE TO VICTIMS OF IDEN-TITY THEFT ACT Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6084) to amend title VII of the Social Security Act to pro-vide for a single point of contact at the Social Security Administration for in-dividuals who are victims of identity theft, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6084 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving So-cial Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT FOR IDEN-TITY THEFT VICTIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 901 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SECTION 714. SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT FOR IDENTITY THEFT VICTIMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of So-cial Security shall establish and implement pro-cedures to ensure that any individual whose so-cial security account number has been misused (such as to fraudulently obtain benefits under title II, VIII, or XVI of this Act, in a manner that affects an individual’s records at the Social Security Administration, or in a manner that prompts the individual to request a new social security account number) has a single point of contact at the Social Security Administration throughout the resolution of the individual’s case. The single point of contact shall track the individual’s case to completion and coordinate with other units to resolve issues as quickly as possible. ‘‘(b) S
INGLE POINT OF CONTACT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection (a), the single point of contact shall consist of a team or subset of specially trained employees who— ‘‘(A) have the ability to coordinate with other units to resolve the issues involved in the indi-vidual’s case, and ‘‘(B) shall be accountable for the case until its resolution. ‘‘(2) T
EAM OR SUBSET .—The employees in-cluded within the team or subset described in paragraph (1) may change as required to meet the needs of the Social Security Administration, provided that procedures have been established to— ‘‘(A) ensure continuity of records and case history, and ‘‘(B) notify the individual when appro-priate.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 6084, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.055 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7114 July 24, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here today and pleased that we are consid-ering this bipartisan legislation that I introduced with a friend of mine from Connecticut, Ranking Member L
ARSON , H.R. 6084, the Improving Social Secu-rity’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act. This is an issue that is important to all of us in all of our districts. As you well know, Mr. Speaker, identity theft is a crime that is growing at very alarming rates around the country. Supporting victims of identity theft is something I have long championed. As a former local prosecutor and advocate for victims, I gained a real under-standing of the plight of many Ameri-cans and what they face in recovering from identity theft and from other forms of exploitation. In response, I spent a large part of my legislative career working on vic-tim’s rights and ensuring justice. I am pleased that we are considering H.R. 6084 today. Mr. Speaker, Americans who are vic-tims of identity theft often face an up-hill battle when they contact the So-cial Security Administration for help. All too often, these individuals find themselves being bounced around in phone trees from recording to record-ing, person to person, only to start all over again with each new person with whom they speak. In many cases, an individual will speak to multiple people at the Social Security Administration by phone, only then to be told that they need to go to a field office to resolve the situa-tion. Mr. Speaker, I just think that is wrong. These are victims of identity theft who urgently need assistance from the Social Security Administra-tion so that they can get their lives back on track. But too many of these victims are being revictimized by the Social Security Administration’s cum-bersome and disorganized system. It is high time that the Social Security Ad-ministration improves its customer service to victims of identity theft. That is why I introduced H.R. 6084, the bipartisan legislation which will require the Social Security Adminis-tration to provide a single point of con-tact at the agency to an individual who needs to resolve a problem with the So-cial Security Administration because of the misuse of his or her Social Secu-rity number. This important bill will help Ameri-cans get the assistance they need from the Social Security Administration by implementing a customer-focused proc-ess. I am pleased to have the support of AARP, the National Council of Social Security Management Associations, and the Association of Mature Amer-ican Citizens. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  statements of support for my bill from those groups. AARP, Washington, DC, June 21, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, House Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, House Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY AND RANKING MEM-
BER NEAL: On behalf of AARP’s 38 million members, we are writing in support of the H.R. 6084, the Improving Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act of 2018. The bill directs the Social Security Ad-ministration (SSA) to provide a single point of contact and a team of SSA staff to help redress any problems faced by Social Secu-rity ID theft victims. AARP is strongly com-mitted to protecting consumers from iden-tity theft and supports your efforts to im-prove the assistance offered to individuals whose Social Security number has been com-promised. An individual’s Social Security number is critical financial information and integral to everyone’s personal identity. The range of fraud that can be committed when an indi-vidual’s Social Security number has been compromised is truly staggering, and the time and effort required to reassert one’s fi-nancial identity can be daunting. Stream-lining and simplifying the assistance that the SSA offers an identity theft victim will be welcomed by individuals who are caught in an often overwhelming situation. We look forward to continuing to work with you to promote the integrity of the So-cial Security program, and to protect the identities of American workers and their families. Sincerely, J
OYCE A. R OGERS , Senior Vice President, Government Affairs. 
AMAC, June 18, 2018. Hon. M
IKEBISHOP , 8th Congressional District, Michigan, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN BISHOP : On behalf of the 1.3 million members of AMAC, the Asso-ciation of Mature American Citizens, I am writing in support of H.R. 6084, the Improv-ing Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act. This important piece of legislation will make it easier for seniors to track the status of their identity theft claims at the Social Security Administra-tion (SSA). By establishing a single point of contact for an identity theft case, H.R. 6084 is a smart, senior-focused solution to a grow-ing problem. Every year, millions of Americans, and particularly seniors, fall victim to identity theft. While being victimized is bad enough, the process of restoring financial security and recovering peace of mind can be a long, arduous, and convoluted process. For sen-iors, these problems are particularly acute as they primarily work with SSA—one of the nation’s largest federal bureaucracies—to re-store their financial security. H.R. 6084 seeks to improve customer serv-ice to identity theft victims in a way that is both smart and practical. Under this pro-posal, when an identity theft victim requests a new Social Security number, they will be assigned a single point of contact at SSA to manage their case until it is resolved. For seniors, this will prove invaluable as they will no longer have to navigate SSA’s mas-sive federal structure to resolve their iden-tity theft case. Seniors can have a singular, reliable, and approachable case manager who can answer their questions, monitor the sta-tus of their claim, and help seniors in need of assistance. As an organization committed to rep-resenting mature Americans and seniors, AMAC is dedicated to ensuring senior citi-zens’ interests are protected. We applaud Congressman Bishop for his practical and timely solution to help identity theft vic-tims in their most vulnerable time. AMAC is pleased to offer our organization’s full sup-port to the Improving Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act. Sincerely, DANWEBER , President and Founder of AMAC. 
NATIONAL COUNCIL OF SOCIAL SECU-
RITY MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATIONS , I
NC., Arlington, VA, July 16, 2018. Hon. M
IKEBISHOP , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. S
AMJOHNSON , Chairman, House of Representatives, Sub-committee on Social Security, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNB. L ARSON , Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Subcommittee on Social Security, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN BISHOP , C HAIRMAN  J
OHNSON AND RANKING MEMBER LARSON : On behalf of the National Council of Social Se-curity Management Associations (NCSSMA) and our members throughout the nation, I would like to thank you for your introduc-tion and original cosponsorship of H.R. 6084, the Improving Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act. We very much appreciate your leadership on this important legislation to ensure a measure that will not only benefit and protect the American pub-lic, but also ease the administrative burden on the hardworking employees of the Social Security Administration (SSA) by estab-lishing a single point of contact for an iden-tity theft case. H.R. 6084 is a commonsense solution to a growing problem. NCSSMA is pleased to support H.R. 6084 as it reinforces NCSSMA’s own efforts and ini-tiatives to provide the best service to the American people, through the effective and efficient administration of SSA’s programs. Millions of Americans fall victim to identity theft every year. We believe this legislation will help identity theft victims work with a single point of contact at SSA to assist in re-solving their identity theft case. As an organization that is committed to improving management and program admin-istration in SSA while advocating for an agency that remains customer focused with an emphasis on excellent public service, we commend you for your practical and timely solution to help identity theft victims. NCSSMA is pleased to offer our organiza-tion’s support to the Improving Social Secu-rity’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act. Thank you again for your leadership. Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or if we can provide addi-tional assistance. Sincerely, C
HRISTOPHER DETZLER , NCSSMA President. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6084, which will provide needed assist-ance to victims of identity theft. The Committee on Ways and Means has been engaged for some time on the issue of identity theft. In particular, we are stewards of the Social Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.058 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7115 July 24, 2018 
number which is a target for identity thieves because it is the key to unlocking a stolen identity. Identity theft is a growing problem and online hacking has led to major se-curity breaches in both government, and extensively in the private sector. Americans of all ages, even children, are vulnerable to having their identity stolen. This can wreak havoc in peo-ple’s lives. One thing we can do, which we are doing today, is to make sure that indi-viduals can get the assistance they need from the Social Security Admin-istration, SSA, when identity theft has caused problems with their benefits, or if their number has been severely com-promised. For example, fraudsters have been able to steal a Social Security number and use it to file a fraudulent benefit application or to file a false tax return and claim a refund. For some individ-uals, the theft of their identity creates such damage that they are forced to re-quest a new Social Security number. Right now, identity theft victims trying to resolve an issue related to the misuse of their Social Security numbers may have to contact SSA multiple times, speaking to several dif-ferent people, before the issue can be fully resolved. This legislation provides individuals with a single point of contact in the Social Security Administration that will be responsible for resolving all So-cial Security-related issues in connec-tion with a theft. This unit will be ac-countable to identity theft victims until completion, and will track the in-dividual’s case and coordinate with other units to resolve all of these issues as quickly as possible. I certainly support this legislation, which was reported out of the Ways and Means Committee by a unanimous vote. I urge support for H.R. 6084, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ), one of the great leaders of this body. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friends, Representative B
ISHOP , and Ranking Member L
ARSON , for their work on this commonsense bill. I have heard firsthand how hard it can be for victims of identity theft to work with the Social Security Admin-istration. b1530 Recently, a man told me about his experience of someone trying to claim his benefit. First, he got a letter from Social Security telling him to call them about his claim. He hadn’t made a claim, so he called Social Security at the number they gave him, and he never heard back. Later, when he tried to file a claim of his own, he ended up having to make four separate calls. Then, Social Security told him they couldn’t help him over the phone. Be-cause of the fraudulent claim, they said he had to go to a field office. As a result of all this hassling, he decided to just put off filing his claim. If this bill had been in place, he would have had someone in Social Se-curity to help him. Instead, he got the runaround. Having a single point of contact at Social Security for victims of identity theft just makes sense. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the sponsors for their hard work, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as today’s debate on this legislation has shown, victims of identity theft in this country are fac-ing an uphill battle in getting assist-ance from the Social Security Admin-istration. Simply put, the current dis-connected structure at the Social Secu-rity Administration isn’t working for the American people. In response, my bill would require the Social Security Administration to assign a single point of contact at the agency to those who need to solve a problem with the Social Security Administration because of the misuse of his or her Social Security number. This simply put but important re-form will bring an added level of com-fort to victims of identity theft and will ensure that they are receiving the quality care that they deserve. In closing, I thank Ranking Member LARSON for assisting in this bill and joining me in offering the bill. I also thank Chairman B
RADY , Ranking Mem-ber N
EAL, and my fellow Ways and Means members for their support. Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join me in supporting this important bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6084, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
IMPROVING SENIORS ACCESS TO QUALITY BENEFITS ACT Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4952) to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report on the effects of the inclusion of quality increases in the determina-tion of blended benchmark amounts under part C of the Medicare program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4952 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Sen-iors Access to Quality Benefits Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DETERMINATION OF BLENDED BENCH-MARK AMOUNT STUDY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the inclusion of quality increases in the determination of blended benchmark amounts under section 1853(n)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(n)(4)) under-mines the goal of delivering high-quality care under the Medicare program under title XVIII of such Act. (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with relevant stakeholders, shall conduct a study and submit to Congress a report on the effects of the inclusion of quality per-centage increases under section 1853(n)(5) of such Act in the determination of blended bench-mark amounts under section 1853(n)(4) of such Act. Such study and report shall include an analysis of the following: (1) The authority of the Secretary to remove such increases from the determination of such amounts. (2) The effects of including such increases in the determination of such amounts on Medicare Advantage organizations (including the effects on any contracts entered into by such organiza-tions). (3) The financial impact of including such in-creases in the determination of such amounts by county. (4) The effects of including such increases in the determination of such amounts on individ-uals enrolled in a plan under part C of title XVIII of such Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4952, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 4952, the Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act, will allow us to take a deeper look at how the Medicare Ad-vantage benchmark cap is affecting people across the Nation. I have been working with Mr. K
INDand other Mem-bers to address this inequity that af-fects seniors in high-quality plans across the country. The Medicare Advantage program was designed to give seniors a choice in their healthcare and utilize the private 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.059 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7116 July 24, 2018 
sector to provide better care and bene-fits. Medicare Advantage plans receive a capitated payment rate to cover the patient’s total cost of care. In order to encourage quality, seniors enrolled in high-quality plans receive a quality bonus payment that goes directly to seniors in the form of reduced cost sharing or extra benefits. The Medicare Advantage program is very popular and has been working well for many years. In my district in west-ern Pennsylvania, more than half of Medicare beneficiaries choose Medicare Advantage. Nationwide, Medicare Ad-vantage enrollment has grown to 30 percent of Medicare beneficiaries. That number is even higher with 48 percent of the Hispanic and 38 percent of Afri-can American Medicare beneficiaries choosing Medicare Advantage. Unfortunately, the Affordable Care Act implemented a cap on payments to Medicare Advantage plans. This mis-guided benchmark cap policy has pe-nalized approximately 5.8 million American seniors being denied impor-tant benefits like care coordination, vi-sion, dental, and wellness programs. This issue has cost seniors in my dis-trict and across the country millions of dollars in benefits that they are enti-tled to. We talk often about paying for value in the Medicare program, and this policy undermines that goal. The benchmark cap is clearly a prob-lem, and we need more information on it. The Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act requires the Sec-retary of HHS to analyze and report to Congress on the impact of including quality bonus payments in the Medi-care Advantage benchmark cap. It also establishes a sense of Congress that this issue undermines the goal of deliv-ering high-quality care in the Medicare program. It is my understanding that the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices has limited secretarial authority to make this change on its own. I hope to work together with the Secretary on policies such as this to encourage high- quality plans for seniors. Mr. Speaker, this legislation has broad support from many stakeholders, including America’s Health Insurance Plans, the Better Medicare Alliance, the Healthcare Leadership Council, Meals on Wheels America, the National Minority Quality Forum, the Alliance of Community Health Plans, and many others. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this legislation, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 13, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write to you re-garding H.R. 4952, the ‘‘Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act’’ the Com-mittee on Ways and Means ordered favorably reported that was also referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. I ask that the Committee on Energy and Commerce waive formal consideration of the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. I acknowledge that by waiving formal con-sideration of the bill, the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON ENERGY AND COM-
MERCE , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letters regarding H.R. 4952, the ‘‘Im-proving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act,’’ H.R. 6138, the ‘‘Ambulatory Surgical Center (ACS) Payment Transparency Act of 2018,’’ and H.R. 6311, the ‘‘To amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to mod-ify the definition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals pur-chasing health insurance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan.’’ The Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo consideration of both bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. I appreciate your assurance that by for-going action on these bills, the Committee is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in the bills. I also appreciate your offer of support for the ap-pointment of conferees from the Committee to any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4952, the Im-proving Seniors Access to Quality Ben-efits Act. More than 19 million Medicare bene-ficiaries were enrolled in Medicare Ad-vantage plans in 2017—that is almost one-third of all Medicare bene-ficiaries—and that number is growing every year. This bill would require the Department of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report to Congress on the effect of in-cluding quality bonus payments in the benchmark cap. The Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, or CMS, believes the benchmark payments made to Medi-care Advantage plans include the bo-nuses Medicare Advantage plans may earn from delivering care that meets certain basic quality standards. On the other hand, plans argue that these quality bonuses should not be included in the benchmark cap. The Medicare Payment Advisory Commission has recommended, among other things, that this interaction be investigated. This bill, by requiring a study of the issue, will help Congress come to a con-clusion on possible solutions. In closing, I thank the sponsors for their hard work. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 4952, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, it is estimated that the ACA’s benchmark cap negatively im-pacts more than 40 percent of counties across our country. The Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act will require the Secretary to fully evaluate the impact of including qual-ity bonus payments under the bench-mark cap on our seniors residing in these counties. This bill was brought through the committee process in a bipartisan fash-ion. Now on the floor, I strongly rec-ommend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of H.R. 4952 to ensure seniors are not missing out on additional healthcare benefits or re-duced cost sharing as a result of the ACA’s benchmark cap. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4952, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AMBULATORY SURGICAL CENTER PAYMENT TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2018 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6138) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for am-bulatory surgical center representation during the review of hospital out-patient payment rates under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6138 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment Transparency Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘ASC Payment Transparency Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ADVISORY PANEL ON HOSPITAL OUT-PATIENT PAYMENT REPRESENTA-TION. 
(a) ASC R EPRESENTATIVE .—The second sen-tence of section 1833(t)(9)(A) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(t)(9)(A)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘and at least one ambulatory surgical center representative’’ after ‘‘an ap-propriate selection of representatives of pro-viders’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.062 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7117 July 24, 2018 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to advisory panels consulted on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. REASONS FOR EXCLUDING ADDITIONAL PROCEDURES FROM ASC APPROVED LIST. 
Section 1833(i)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(i)(1)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘In updating such lists for application in years beginning with the second year beginning after the date of the enactment of this sentence, for each procedure that was not proposed to be included in such lists in the proposed rule with respect to such lists and that was subse-quently requested to be included in such lists during the public comment period with re-spect to such proposed rule and that is not included in the final rule updating such lists, the Secretary shall cite in such final rule the specific criteria in paragraph (b) or (c) of sec-tion 416.166 of title 42, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or any successor regulation), based on which the procedure was excluded. If paragraph (b) of such section is cited for ex-clusion of a procedure, the Secretary shall identify the peer reviewed research, if any, or the evidence upon which such determina-tion is based.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include ex-traneous material on H.R. 6138, cur-rently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, ambulatory surgery centers provide patients with high- quality, same-day surgical and preven-tive care. H.R. 6138, the Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment Trans-parency Act of 2018, makes two simple and straightforward ASC reforms. The bill adds an ASC representative to the advisory panel on hospital out-patient payment, which will allow ASCs proper representation and a seat at the table for future CMS payment policy changes. This bill also requires the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to disclose their criteria for inclusion or exclusion of procedures on the ASC approved list. Currently, CMS does not fully pro-vide explanations for their decisions, leading to a lack of transparency in the process. These simple changes will con-tinue to protect patient access to cost- effective and high-quality services per-formed in the ASC setting. I hope that this legislation marks the first of many steps in further bol-stering ASC and patient access to these high-quality facilities. I thank Chairman B
RADY , Ranking Member N
EAL, and the Ways and Means staff for working to provide trans-parency in this space. I also thank Mr. LARSON for his work and partnership on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Mem-bers to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 13, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write to you re-garding H.R. 6138, the ‘‘Ambulatory Surgical Center (ACS) Payment Transparency Act of 2018’’ the Committee on Ways and Means or-dered favorably reported which was also re-ferred to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. I ask that the Committee on Energy and Commerce waive formal consideration of the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. I acknowledge that by waiving formal con-sideration of the bill, the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letters regarding H.R. 4952, the ‘‘Im-proving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act,’’ H.R. 6138, the ‘‘Ambulatory Surgical Center (ACS) Payment Transparency Act of 2018,’’ and H.R. 6311, the ‘‘To amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to mod-ify the definition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals pur-chasing health insurance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan.’’ The Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo consideration of both bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. I appreciate your assurance that by for-going action on these bills, the Committee is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in the bills. I also appreciate your offer of support for the ap-pointment of conferees from the Committee to any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the House has passed this bill before, making clarifications on existing religious exemptions for healthcare. I understand that religious groups have important healthcare con-cerns that should be taken seriously. While I support this bill, we should be talking about issues in healthcare that our constituents bring up every day: skyrocketing prescription drug costs, increasing premiums, and threats to guaranteed coverage. I just wanted to make those points, never losing the opportunity. This bill is pretty simple, Mr. Speak-er. Right now the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, has an advisory panel for hospital outpatient issues that is comprised of outside ex-perts. The problem is this panel does not include representation for an am-bulatory surgical center, or ASC, in its membership, despite the panel coun-seling on Medicare or ASC payment issues. This legislation would require the ad-dition of someone from ASC on the ad-visory panel on hospital outpatient concerns. Given that Medicare pays ASCs more than $4 billion a year through the out-patient payment rule, it just makes sense that ASCs be represented on this panel. The bill requires more transparency in determining what types of surgeries are safe to perform on an outpatient basis. More than 3 million Medicare beneficiaries receive care at an ASC for cataract surgery and other surgeries. This bill makes sure that Medicare hears the voice of the ASC provider, so that millions of Medicare beneficiaries can continue to receive the outpatient care they want. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of H.R. 6138, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I want to reiterate the small but im-portant step we are taking here today in passing this legislation. Ambulatory surgical centers provide excellent care at lower cost to patients and tax-payers. While there is a much longer con-versation that needs to happen regard-ing parity in reimbursement in out-patient settings, what we are doing here is simple. ASCs are an integral part of the healthcare system, and we are saying that, as stakeholders, they deserve a seat at the table when changes to payment policies are being debated and when decisions are being made by CMS on the services they are able to provide patients. We believe they should get a transparent expla-nation as to why those decisions were made. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense bill. I urge all my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6138, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.021 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7118 July 24, 2018 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TRIBAL SOCIAL SECURITY FAIRNESS ACT OF 2018 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6124) to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to authorize vol-untary agreements for coverage of In-dian tribal council members, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6124 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tribal Social Security Fairness Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. VOLUNTARY AGREEMENTS FOR COV-ERAGE OF SERVICES BY AMERICAN INDIAN TRIBAL COUNCIL MEMBERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) is amended by in-serting after section 218 the following new sec-tion: ‘‘
VOLUNTARY AGREEMENTS FOR COVERAGE OF  
INDIAN TRIBAL COUNCIL MEMBERS  ‘‘Purpose of Agreement ‘‘S
EC. 218A. (a)(1) The Commissioner of Social Security shall, at the request of any Indian tribe, enter into an agreement with such Indian tribe for the purpose of extending the insurance system established by this title to services per-formed by individuals as members of such In-dian tribe’s tribal council. Any agreement with an Indian tribe under this section applies to all members of the tribal council, and shall include all services performed by individuals in their ca-pacity as council members. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding section 210(a), for the purposes of this title, the term ‘employment’ in-cludes any service included under an agreement entered into under this section. ‘‘Definitions ‘‘(b) For the purposes of this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘member’ means, with respect to a tribal council, an individual appointed or elected to serve as a member or the head of the tribal council. ‘‘(2) The term ‘tribal council’ means the ap-pointed or elected governing body of a federally recognized Indian tribe. ‘‘Effective Date of Agreement ‘‘(c)(1) Any agreement under this section shall be effective with respect to services performed after an effective date specified in such agree-ment, provided that such date may not be ear-lier than the first day of the next calendar month after the month in which the agreement is executed by both parties. ‘‘(2) At the request of the Indian tribe at the time of the agreement, such agreement may apply with respect to services performed before such effective date for which there were timely paid in good faith (and not subsequently re-funded) to the Secretary of the Treasury amounts equivalent to the sum of the taxes which would have been imposed by sections 3101 and 3111 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 had such services constituted employment for purposes of chapter 21 of such Code. No agree-ment under this section may require payment to be made after the effective date specified in such agreement of any taxes with respect to services performed before such effective date. ‘‘Duration of Agreement ‘‘(d) No agreement under this section may be terminated on or after the effective date of the agreement.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
OCIAL SECURITY ACT .—Section 210(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 410(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (20), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (21), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (21) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(22) Service performed by members of Indian tribal councils as tribal council members in the employ of an Indian tribal government, except that this paragraph shall not apply in the case of service included under an agreement under section 218A.’’. (2) I
NTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 .—The In- ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (A) in section 3121(b)— (i) in paragraph (20), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (21), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (21) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(22) service performed by members of Indian tribal councils as tribal council members in the employ of an Indian tribal government, except that this paragraph shall not apply in the case of service included under an agreement under section 218A of the Social Security Act.’’; and (B) in section 3121(d)(4), by inserting ‘‘or 218A’’ after ‘‘section 218’’. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to affect application of any Federal income tax withholding requirements under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6124, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today in support of my bill, the Tribal Social Security Fairness Act. This bipartisan bill supports our community’s Tribal leaders and their fair access to the So-cial Security system and the benefits they have earned by ensuring Tribal governments have the same oppor-tunity to participate in the Social Se-curity Program that so many others across the country rely on. It was unanimously approved by the Ways and Means Committee in late June. This bill provides a simple solution to a problem facing Tribal leaders across the country, including in my home State of Washington. In Wash-ington State, many Tribal leaders have been paying into the Social Security system with the expectation of future benefits. However, a Social Security Administration policy ruling issued in 2006 prevented them from continuing to pay into the program and have their earnings count toward future benefits. This problem was brought to my at-tention a few years ago when I met with Virginia Cross. Virginia Cross is the chairwoman of the Muckleshoot Tribal Council in Washington State. After this meeting, we discovered other Tribal leaders in Washington and across the country face the same chal-lenges, including the Snoqualmie Tribe in Washington. Hearing these exam-ples, it just didn’t seem fair that those who wanted to pay into the system could not pay into the system. That is when my staff and I went to work to find a solution. Thanks to the dedicated advocacy of the Muckleshoot and the Snoqualmie Tribes and the leadership of fellow Washingtonians, Representatives DELBENEand K ILMER , as well as Rep-resentatives C
OLEand S CHWEIKERT , we were able to find a bipartisan, com-prehensive solution to the problem. I would also like to thank Chairman B
RADY and Ranking Member N EAL of the Ways and Means Committee and their staff for all the hard work they have put in on this most important bill. I urge my colleagues to join me today in righting this wrong so our Tribal leaders can receive the Social Security benefits they deserve. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6124, which closes a longstanding gap in Social Security coverage for members of Indian Tribal councils. Let me thank Representatives D
AVE R
EICHERT and S UZAN DELBENEfor their good work to resolve this issue. H.R. 6124 allows Indian Tribal coun-cils to voluntarily cover their members under Social Security in a way that is similar to how State and local govern-ments do so today. This would allow individuals employed as members of Tribal councils to contribute to Social Security and Medicare and, therefore, earn benefit protection. I want to emphasize that the decision to participate would be voluntary. Each Tribal council will have the right to decide for itself. In addition, because there has been confusion around this issue for many years, the legislation allows Tribal council members to receive benefit credit if they have erroneously paid So-cial Security taxes in the past, even though they were not required to. This is only fair, and I am pleased that the legislation addresses this problem as well. Social Security and Medicare cov-erage are valuable protections for all Americans. I am pleased that this bi-partisan legislation is moving forward, and I urge its support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.068 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7119 July 24, 2018 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. S AMJOHN-
SON). Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. R
EICHERT , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. C OLE, and Mr. K
ILMER for introducing this com-monsense bill. As chairman of the Ways and Means Social Security Subcommittee, I held a hearing last year on Social Security coverage for some State and local gov-ernments. During the hearing, we dis-cussed how State and local govern-ments were initially excluded from So-cial Security. But over time, the law was changed to provide State and local governments the choice to extend So-cial Security coverage to their employ-ees. However, Tribal councils don’t have this same option. The IRS and Social Security have a rule that Tribal coun-cil members are not eligible for Social Security coverage. That isn’t right. Tribal councils should be able to par-ticipate in Social Security if they want to. The bill on the floor today fixes this by giving Tribal councils the choice. I also want to be clear that this bill does not mandate Social Security cov-erage. Tribes will still have the ability to make their own decision. This bill treats Tribal council mem-bers fairly when it comes to Social Se-curity benefits and is the result of a re-quest from several Tribal councils. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. It is a bipartisan bill. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ), a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I will do this really quickly. Being from Arizona, where I have, functionally, 23 Tribes, 21 or 22 reserva-tions, it is surprising how often this be-comes a subject and trying to under-stand how big and complex many of our Tribal communities are. We think our lives are sometimes complex. Imagine having to operate in the world of mul-tiple layers, where you have to deal with State and local, Federal, and then Tribal politics, issues, and those things. I was visiting some of my friends on a Tribal community called Ak-Chin. It was interesting. One of the gentleman there basically said: I am on council. I can’t participate in Social Security. But before I was on council, I managed one of the Tribal operations, and there I could participate in Social Security. I know this is sort of a glitch, but this is one of those honorable things where we step up and we create some optionality. Within that optionality, I think we respect Tribal sovereignty, and we are just doing the right thing here. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. I want to thank the sponsors for their hard work. I urge colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6124, the Tribal So-cial Security Fairness Act, is a straightforward, commonsense, bipar-tisan bill. It ensures our Tribal leaders have access to Social Security benefits that they so deserve. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6124, the Tribal Social Secu-rity Fairness Act. I am pleased to support this common sense, bipartisan bill that will extend a basic right to tribal leaders across the country: the ability to retire with dignity and security. Astonishing as it may seem, elected tribal leaders, including those who have already paid into Social Security, can no longer con-tribute to—or access the benefits of—this crit-ical safety net program. After a lifetime of service to their commu-nities, tribal leaders shouldn’t have to struggle to make ends meet. They deserve the same access to Social Security as every other American. This speaks to a broader problem, Mr. Speaker. As the first inhabitants of our homeland, the interests of Native Americans should be a pri-mary consideration when federal policy mak-ers go to work—not an afterthought. But, too often, the unique considerations of Indian Country are just that . . . an after-thought. Nevertheless, every decision we make in this body—from the Farm Bill to healthcare to tax policy—every decision we make impacts our Native American brothers and sisters. Earlier today, in the Subcommittee on Indian Affairs, we heard from the tribe whose mem-bers helped the Pilgrims survive that first win-ter in Plymouth. Their good will is part of the reason you and I are here today. Moving forward, it’s incumbent upon us to demonstrate the same generosity of spirit that was shown to our nation’s founders. And we can start here and now. I urge my colleagues to support this com-mon sense legislation today, and to fully con-sider the implications of new policies on Indian Country in the future. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6124, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 1011, I call up the bill (H.R. 184) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 1011, the amendment printed in House Report 115–860 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 184 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subchapter E. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subsection (a) of section 4221 of such Code is amended by striking the last sen-tence. (2) Paragraph (2) of section 6416(b) of such Code is amended by striking the last sen-tence. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters for chapter 32 of such Code is amended by striking the item relating to subchapter E. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to sales after December 31, 2019. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) and the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill H.R. 184, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, the House will vote on H.R. 184, the Protect Medical Innovation Act, which will finally re-peal the medical device excise tax and eliminate a burden on patients and the companies that create and produce life-saving medical devices for people all over the world. The medical device industry is truly an American success story, directly employing more than 400,000 people. In Minnesota alone, more than 35,000 peo-ple are employed at almost 700 compa-nies, mostly small companies that you have never heard of. Many of them were started by a doctor or an engineer or an entrepreneur in the garage or in the backyard with an idea to improve or help save someone’s life. In fact, 80 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.069 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7120 July 24, 2018 
percent of all medical device compa-nies have less than 50 employees, and 93 percent have less than 500 employ-ees. The jobs they provide are good, re-warding jobs that pay above-average salaries. Mr. Speaker, America is a net ex-porter in medical devices, one of the other reasons why it is an American success story. But back in 2013, the Af-fordable Care Act imposed a new 2.3 percent excise tax on all medical de-vices. b1600 Mr. Speaker, 2.3 percent may not sound like much, but it wasn’t a tax on profits; it was a tax on sales, on rev-enue. Usually the government puts an excise tax on things we want to dis-courage, like tobacco, alcohol, or gas- guzzling automobiles. Why would we want to discourage medical innovation? Only in Wash-ington would you impose a tax on life-saving medical devices and then think you are going to help reduce healthcare costs. Guess what? The device tax caused the loss of over 29,000 jobs. Now, with strong bipartisan support, we have been able to eliminate this onerous tax with suspensions. The last time we sus-pended this tax, companies responded by hiring more engineers and more technicians and putting more money into research and development projects for these new, lifesaving technologies. But these innovators need certainty. They need predictability. And a perma-nent repeal is needed to especially help startup companies from where the next generation of inventions and innova-tion will come. Investors will hold back capital in new companies when there is a threat of an excise tax starting back up be-cause it already takes 8 to 10 years, Mr. Speaker, for these companies to be-come profitable in the first place. This tax raises the bar and makes it even more difficult for them to become prof-itable. I have had many conversations with companies that I represent in my com-munity about what this excise tax means to them. I remember having a conversation with a medium-sized com-pany owner who said that without this tax they would be able to have a few more projects online, which meant they would hire two more engineers and two more technicians. Other com-panies to which I have spoken said they would be able to directly invest more in research and development, cre-ating more high-paying jobs, invent better products. Ultimately, it is about helping more patients. The good news, Mr. Speaker, is there is strong recognition that we need to eliminate this tax on a bipartisan basis, because it is such bad policy. In fact, very few bills have such strong bi-partisan support: 277 cosponsors. Mr. Speaker, 44 of those cosponsors are Democrats across the aisle. I pledge that I will continue working with Senator K
LOBUCHAR in the Senate across the aisle, and my colleagues, to get this over the finish line, because there are very few issues that would unite an ELIZABETH WARREN and a T ED C
RUZ, but this, Mr. Speaker, is one of them. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this week has been dubbed ‘‘health week’’ on the House floor. However, based on the legislation we are considering, it is hard to take that challenge seriously. The bills be-fore us today simply don’t do very much. Instead, we should be consid-ering measures that go to the heart of what Americans need: lower healthcare costs and high-quality care. That in-cludes lower drug costs and prescrip-tion benefits that should be extended to all members of the American family based on the following notion that we should continue to make sure that pre-existing conditions remain part of the Affordable Care Act. More and more families are facing difficult healthcare decisions. All too often, it comes down to not going to an important doctor appointment or cut-ting pills in half or stopping the taking of prescription medicines altogether. This, coupled with other challenges Americans face at home, like retire-ment security, addiction issues, and education costs, will make it harder, not easier, for them to move forward. At home in western Massachusetts, I hear about how people need to make complicated decisions for their fami-lies. Congress can simplify these things by bringing bills to the floor that truly address the cost of healthcare without making consumers shoulder more of the cost and give tax benefits to the wealthy, leaving patients to ever grow-ing medical bills. Unfortunately, I have not seen any efforts to address these growing costs in a meaningful way. Instead, our Re-publican colleagues continue to lead ef-forts to sabotage critical health pro-grams. This has led to more uncer-tainty for American families. This un-certainty also impacts the market-place and leads to premium increases and adds to the burden for American families already having trouble mak-ing ends meet. Instead of placing more anxiety on individuals facing discrimination for preexisting conditions, we should pro-tect and strengthen already existing programs like Medicare and Medicaid. The legislation before us is another billion, billion, billions of dollars in unpaid tax cuts. This is on top of the $2.3 trillion this Congress has already passed into law, all with borrowed money. Republicans are using the def-icit, which they keep making larger, to justify the deep cuts they plan to make to Medicare, Social Security, and Med-icaid. These bills will only intensify Republican calls for further cuts to those critical programs. American families need certainty, Mr. Speaker. What is happening to our Nation’s healthcare at the moment is anything but. It is another obstacle for families to get a leg up and ensure their children and grandchildren are safe and have opportunities well into the future. The same is true for our seniors and those working to prepare for retire-ment. They should be in a place know-ing they can retire without anxiety and have health programs they can count on in their later years. The bills before us this day do noth-ing to solve problems for everyday Americans. Instead, it leaves them fur-ther behind, with increased healthcare costs, lower coverage, and certainly sacrifices the quality of care they might receive. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
ANKS ), someone who represents a State that is steeped in medical tech-nology jobs and has been a leader in championing the repeal of this tax. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota, who has been the foremost leader in the House of Representatives for a very long time to permanently repeal the medical device tax. Mr. Speaker, there are more than 7,000 medical device companies in the United States that contribute hundreds of billions of dollars to our economy every year. These companies employ over 400,000 Americans, while creating lifesaving technologies that benefit pa-tients around the world. Many of these manufacturers are lo-cated, as my colleague said, in my home district of northeast Indiana. In fact, Warsaw, Indiana, in my district, is known as the orthopedic capital of the world. There is no doubt that this tax was incredibly destructive while it was in effect. Data from the U.S. Department of Commerce indicates that 29,000 jobs were lost in the industry between 2012 and 2015. Suspension of the tax has re-duced some of the damage, but long- term investments and planning are im-possible without full repeal. Without permanent repeal, we will never be able to fully recover the jobs destroyed by ObamaCare, and patients will continue to be denied new, life-saving products. The Protect Medical Innovation Act will ensure that the medical device in-dustry does not just survive but thrives, and this commonsense and bi-partisan legislation would permanently repeal the medical device tax and, thereby, remove a mindless roadblock to economic growth and patient health. I want to thank my friend again, Representative P
AULSEN , for his tire-less efforts on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support passage of H.R. 184. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.072 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7121 July 24, 2018 
Jersey (Mr. P ASCRELL ), who is a well- known champion of Americans’ healthcare plans. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I know the great intentions of the sponsor of this legislation. That is not in ques-tion. What is in question is that we have very, very short memories when it comes to healthcare. We made a commitment when we put the Affordable Care Act together. We knew it wasn’t perfect, and obviously since then we have tried to make some changes, but we haven’t had much co-operation from the other side. It wasn’t mindless. In fact, the med-ical device industry agreed to the con-clusion. In sitting down in negotiations we started out with one thought in mind, regardless of what we were talk-ing about: we shall pay for what we vote on, unlike some other legislation that will go nameless right now. We devised the Affordable Care Act so that it could be paid for and we would not have to add to the deficit. In fact, one of these taxes, in order to pay for the Affordable Care Act, we are dis-cussing right now, the medical device tax. It started out at 5 percent. In working with the industry, we came to a conclusion of 2.3 percent. So we went from $40 billion raised for the Affordable Care Act to $20 billion, see, because we knew we had to pay for this. That is what healthcare is all about, and that is why you guys on the other side—you people have not come up with an alternative, because you don’t know how to pay for anything. So we paid for this. The Protect Medical Innovation Act. Well, when the Affordable Care Act was being crafted, the medical device in-dustry—and by the way, the medical device industry is probably the most scrutinized industry in the United States. Most of those companies, the 7,000 in the United States—most of them—are good actors, but a lot of them were not. Ten years ago I stood on this floor, Mr. Speaker, and pointed out all the cases against the medical device com-panies who were bribing doctors in order for those doctors to recommend the device. That is a fact of life. I didn’t make that up. That is not a po-litical injection here. This is what hap-pened. You could shove it off all you want. If I have to come back to the floor on another occasion and cite chapter and verse the court cases, you won’t be so happy. That is not my purpose today. What I am saying is, they agreed to the deal. They knew that the increase in health coverage of millions more Americans would directly increase the demand for medical devices. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. Mr. PASCRELL. By the way, Mr. Ranking Member, many medical de-vices are sold to people old, like my-self, who are on Medicare. You con-tinue to cut Medicare, and you will be cutting off your nose to spite your face. Congress most recently passed a delay of the medical device tax as part of the continuing resolution. This ex-tended the time that they wouldn’t have to pay a dime to the health sys-tem through the end of next year, cost-ing taxpayers $4 billion. Nothing to sneeze at. Additionally, this year, the industry has stood to benefit tremendously from the reduction in the corporate tax rate, down to 21 percent. You didn’t get that break, and I didn’t get that break. There is nothing that will lead me to believe these benefits will trickle down to help patients afford the devices they need to survive or lower the price of those devices in the first place, regard-less of who is paying for them, out of what plan. I’ll go back to the point. We put the ACA together so that it would be paid for. That is why we had to come up with that money, and we did, so you couldn’t repeal it. And what you are trying to do is choke it to death. You are trying to bleed it. What you are doing is forcing more and more people—you just went from 20 million down to 17 million because of the subsidies that you wouldn’t put through that were in the law, because of the mandate that was originally in the law. And what is the alternative? Silence. Health issues are the biggest issue this year, Mr. Speaker. I am glad I am on the right side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, con-trary to some of the claims we heard a little bit before about the bill doing nothing to help everyday, average Americans, I will just remind Members that this bill reverses a harmful tax that is hurting job growth and innova-tion across the country. Access to good-paying jobs and inno-vative medical products is critically important, and I would argue that that is really important for everyday Amer-icans. I would agree, also, with what was said earlier. Americans need certainty. This is an industry that needs cer-tainty if we are going to be able to in-vest in new innovations, new inven-tions, to keep patients at the forefront of lifesaving and life-improving tech-nology, to make sure their healthcare is the model of the rest of the world. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE), who has been a strong voice for innova-tion, not only in her State but within our conference here in the House of Representatives, in repealing the de-vice tax. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, this is about the medical technology industry and a manufacturing success story, one of the last expanding manufacturing enterprises in the United States. While the U.S. is the current worldwide lead-er in medical technology innovation, that leadership is being threatened. I am speaking to you today about the medical device tax. This industry has a huge presence in Utah, and this unfair tax would have a negative effect on my district and the country as a whole. b1615 In Utah, this industry has created more than 10,300 jobs and contributes over $5 billion to the State’s economy. Recently, Congress has been focused on reducing taxes to make the United States a more attractive place to do business, but the medical technology industry would get a significant tax in-crease. Even with the recent tax changes, industry gains would be neu-tralized by this tax. Under the 2.3 percent excise tax, medical device manufacturers would be required to pay the IRS an estimated average of $194 million per month in medical device tax payments. In Utah, BD’s total impact of the device tax is about $90 million on an annualized basis. For Edwards Lifesciences, this would be a $30 million expense. In a competitive global economy, this tax threatens the industry that di-rectly employs 400,000 Americans, gen-erates $25 billion in payroll, and in-vests nearly $10 billion in research and development annually. American companies represent 38 percent of the global market, and the suspended tax looms over our Nation’s ability to innovate and to stay com-petitive. As companies look to make cuts to offset the tax, research and de-velopment is often the first one to go. This tradeoff undermines the future of the industry and puts discovery of new breakthrough medical technologies at risk. In other words, it is putting the livelihoods of people and their health at risk. According to figures from the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United States medical technology industry lost nearly 29,000 jobs while the med-ical device tax was in effect. When the medical device tax was suspended, most medical device companies rein-vested most of their savings into their innovative strategies and improving United States facilities. But long-term investment has been postponed because of the threat that it might come back. Mr. Speaker, it has been said that, by repealing the medical device tax, we are going to be taking money out of Medicare. That is absolutely ridicu-lous. As a matter of fact, there was a $700 billion cut to Medicare to pay for the Affordable Care Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Utah. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, Utah’s Merit Medical was planning on spend-ing $1.5 million for salary increases and 401(k) benefits for hourly workers, but they can’t, unless this tax is repealed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.074 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7122 July 24, 2018 
Merit Medical is also planning a $60 million R&D facility, but it is now on hold because of the tax. In Utah, with the last suspension, BD increased R&D spending from 6 percent to 6.5 percent in sales. If this tax does not get repealed, the industry is forced to start making pay-ments. Investments will be the trade-off, and innovation will be stifled. This means less jobs for Americans, a less competitive America in the medical de-vice industry, and, potentially, an in-crease in the medical cost for our con-stituents so that this industry can pay for the tax. It is time to make sure that we put money back into the hands of Ameri-cans, American businesses, and out of the hands of government. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, anybody who doesn’t understand what $2.3 trillion of tax cuts and further tax cuts of this meas-ure mean as a threat to Medicare and Social Security and Medicaid down the road, that is a short-term view of where we are headed financially in America. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ). Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to say I represent the Gold-en State of California, and I am proud to say that California was the first State in the Union to implement, to accept the Affordable Care Act a num-ber of years ago, and when we did so, we knew it was a work in progress. After all, Medicare continues to be a work in progress after 60 years. One of those areas we knew we had to change was the medical device tax. In California, there are over 1,000 medical technology companies, many of which are small to medium, that em-ploy more than 70,000 Californians. Many of those live and work in my dis-trict, and these are good-paying middle class jobs. The research and development of groundbreaking medical technology helps improve patient care and treat-ments not only for Americans, but for folks throughout the world. In recognition of the medical tax de-vice’s negative impact on innovation and investment, Congress delayed its implementation on two separate occa-sions. Unfortunately, the temporary suspension of this tax is scheduled to expire at the end of this year. If rein-stated, this tax will impede future in-vestments and domestic innovation and restrain hiring and job growth. Since research and development in this area of technology takes a number of years, the uncertainty about the fu-ture of this tax will delay essential re-search and development and growth in many areas of the State of California. That is why repealing the medical tax device permanently will encourage eco-nomic growth and hiring in Orange County and in my area. The medical device industry rep-resents jobs not only for the next gen-eration, but for the next 20 to 30 years in this country. Mr. Speaker, therefore, I urge passage of H.R. 184. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for sharing his perspective from Cali-fornia. I think of Minnesota and Cali-fornia and Massachusetts and some other States that have a propensity of strong ecosystems of medical tech-nology, and those jobs, we know, are very, very important. We want to see those continue. I just want to mention, Mr. Speaker, what we don’t want to go back to, be-cause these are the stories we were hearing prior to our suspension, why we need to permanently repeal this tax. I remember speaking to a company in Plymouth, Minnesota. They were pret-ty clear. They said: Instead of 10 projects, we are only going to have 6 projects funded with this tax in place. That means too few engineers, too few technicians while that device tax was in effect. I talked to another company that was actually in Texas. They had laid off an employee that had been em-ployed for 22 years, and then they had laid off 25 people, deferring the hiring of another 15 employees because of that tax being put in place. Another medical company in Shoreview, Minnesota, told me they had to borrow $100,000 a month from the bank just to pay the device tax be-cause the tax was on sales and revenue, not on profits. That is a high-risk trag-edy, Mr. Speaker, in order to keep these companies alive. There is a company in New York that was trying to finance a new cancer therapy using gamma radiation, and they struggled to raise the necessary funds that were necessary to complete the project because the medical device tax was discouraging investment in lifesaving innovation. And then, Mr. Speaker, I remember having a conversation with an em-ployee, someone from my district, and he came up to me and said: Mr. P
AUL-
SEN, I have been employed at this med-ical device company for 21 years, a strong medical device manufacturer, but because of the tax, I have lost my job. Now his family struggled at his new job because his wages were $40,000 less than where he was before he was laid off, all because of that device tax. His vacation time was cut in half, and his healthcare costs also went up. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, but I am prepared to close. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume while we wait for one additional speak-er. Mr. Speaker, let me just remind folks where we are right now. Think back to 2013, 2014 when this tax was first put in place. We heard earlier from one of our colleagues who had said: Do you know what? The medical device industry was a part of putting together the Afford-able Care Act, and they agreed to this. Actually, that is a myth. It is not true. I have talked to numerous med-ical device manufacturers, small, me-dium, and large, as well as the associa-tions, that said they had no part in agreeing to that. In fact, when this dol-lar amount came up as a part of the Af-fordable Care Act, they backed into it. There was some dollar amount as-signed, and that is how he backed into a 2.3 percent excise tax. And, again, just a reminder, an excise tax is a tax on your sales and revenue, not on your profits. For companies that take 8 to 10 years to become prof-itable in the first place, that is a high hurdle when you are trying to attract new capital, new investors in order to take the risk that this new technology is going to be successful. You have already got to go through the FDA. You have got to go through a rigorous process, go through a gold standard, and then you have to make sure that you are going to potentially have CMS offer a reimbursement policy for your devices. So there is a whole host of, or a mul-titude of, risk factors that go in al-ready when companies are thinking of starting up to actually be a part of this strong ecosystem of providing medical technology and lifesaving innovation that goes out to help our patients. The good news is, if we keep this in-dustry strong in America, if we can re-peal this tax permanently, we will not only be improving healthcare outcomes around the world; we will be keeping those jobs here. We will be keeping the headquarters here in the United States. So it is not just some of the tax re-forms you pass, Mr. Speaker. It is about giving more certainty and more predictability by repealing a tax that never should have been put in place in the first place. And I think with strong bipartisan support, both on a vote today in the House and potentially once again in the Senate—I think the last time we had a vote leading up to President Obama signing a temporary suspension of the device tax, we had enough votes in the House to override a Presidential veto. That is what got the attention of the Senate. That is what got the atten-tion of the President at that time, and we actually made it the law of the land, 2-year suspension. We renewed another 2-year suspension. But now is the time, Mr. Speaker, to actually make this permanent, to put ourselves in a position to make this re-peal permanent, to put ourselves in a position where we can guarantee that American innovation is going to be strong and steadfast for years and dec-ades to come. We can keep this Amer-ican success story alive. We have got a host of other chal-lenges, I know, as we look towards the medical device industry. We have a hearing going on right now on trade, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.076 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7123 July 24, 2018 
for instance. We don’t need to do any-thing else with potential tariffs or quotas in different areas that put addi-tional uncertainty on this industry, on these high-paying, high-quality jobs. So this is one initial effort that we can make today on the House floor, with a strong bipartisan vote, to make sure a permanent repeal is also the law of the land. Mr. Speaker, I am looking around for my colleague from Indiana, who I think is on the way right now. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are directed to remove their con-versations from the floor. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to address the reference that my friend from Min-nesota offered a moment ago when he referred to the device tax as mythol-ogy. I negotiated that agreement with the industry. They asked for the following: that it be applied to foreign competi-tion. We said yes. This was done in Speaker P
ELOSI ’s office with the indus-try. They suggested at the time that the 5 percent tax be cut to 2.3 percent. We went along with that. Even though the United States Senate had sent over a revenue package of $40 billion, we cut it by $20 billion. So that wasn’t mythology. It was the way the institution once worked, how we negotiate, go back and forth, dis-cuss, and then come to rational conclu-sions that might help and acknowledge the 20 million more Americans who have coverage now under the Afford-able Care Act—20 million Americans. I want to say something at this point, Mr. Speaker, if I may. In the State of Massachusetts, do you know what we are really proud of on this day? One hundred percent of the children in Massachusetts are covered with health insurance, and 97 percent of the adults in our State are covered with health insurance. It is a remark-able statistic, and it is based, in some measure, on the negotiations we had with respective industries to get this legislation over the goal line. So I know exactly what happened here, and I understand fully what nego-tiations mean. But we rejected the $40 billion price tag that came from the U.S. Senate, cut it in half and said to the industry: This is, we hope and ex-pect, your share of making sure that 20 million more Americans have health insurance. That is what this issue is about: ac-cessibility, earlier stages of preven-tion, getting people into health insur-ance earlier in life. That is precisely what we did with the Affordable Care Act. And let me just say this, if I may, as well. Let me talk about the mandate, while they are waiting for their next speaker to arrive. Here is what makes the mandate and its importance. Why should the rest of us in America pay $1,000 a year in our health insur-ance plans because there are those who don’t want to buy health insurance and end up in the emergency rooms of America, and they thumb their noses at us on the way out because of uncom-pensated care and they don’t pay the bill? So do you know what would be great, Mr. Speaker? If we all knew the day that our house was going to burn down, then—do you know what?—the day be-fore, we would buy homeowners insur-ance. b1630 If we all knew the day that we were going to get in that accident, we would buy automobile insurance. But the truth is that insurance spreads risk, and we all know we don’t know when those things might occur, so we buy in-surance in advance. So, today, 20 million more Americans have insurance because of what we did with the Affordable Care Act. This idea that you can continually sabotage it and take it apart piece by piece makes no sense. On this particular issue with the de-vice revenue, I can tell you and I can state to you, under oath, Mr. Speaker, what we did to negotiate this contribu-tion to making America’s healthcare more effective and better for all mem-bers of the American family, the under-standing being that, at the end of life, if you have earlier intervention with healthcare, the end of life might be a heck of a lot more pleasant along the way. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indi-ana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ), who has been a champion of not only repealing this tax, but fighting hard for the medical device industry in her home State. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 184, the Pro-tect Medical Innovation Act. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will per-manently repeal the job-killing med-ical device tax. Hoosiers are proud to be leaders in medical innovation with more than 300 medical device manufac-turers in our State that support nearly 55,000 jobs. These are high-paying jobs, with workers in the industry earning about $50,000 per year, on average. However, after ObamaCare’s medical device tax took effect, the industry lost almost 29,000 good-paying jobs na-tionwide from 2012 to 2015, according to Department of Commerce data. That is why Congress took bipartisan action in 2015 to suspend the tax for 2 years, and did so again earlier this year. But if it goes back into effect after 2019, it will impede new discoveries and stifle med-ical innovation while destroying good jobs. Right now, our economy is booming because of historic tax cuts and regu-latory reforms, and we need to keep that momentum going. It is time to end the medical device tax once and for all. Permanently repealing this job- killing tax will protect American workers and help patients access the lifesaving medical technology they need. Mr. Speaker, the medical device tax would have a devastating impact on Hoosier workers and people from across the country who depend on these prod-ucts. The Protect Medical Innovation Act will boost American innovation and manufacturing, and it will encour-age medical research and development that make a real difference in people’s lives. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this vital piece of legislation. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted that the gentlewoman from Indiana, my friend, just mentioned the tax cut, so let me just point this out. We have gone from a rate of 35 percent in the corporate world to 21 percent, a 14 point cut in the corporate tax rate, and we are being asked to do this on top of it. Now, Medicare purchases most of the medical devices in America—taxpayer supported. It is an earned benefit. But here is the other important part of it that I think bears some noting today. It is a terrific industry. It is not in dis-pute. It is an important industry in America. But when the gentlewoman says: ‘‘Well, the economy is booming because of these tax cuts,’’ a reminder, a fact, not from my Twitter account, but stat-ed on the House floor: The American economy has been growing for 94 straight months. The idea that this all happened 500 days ago doesn’t stand up underneath the magnifying glass of critical anal-ysis. The stock market has been going up since March of 2009. So when I look at the corporate cut— astounding, by the way—remember, President Obama said we should have a corporate rate of 28 percent and the chairman of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, a good friend of mine, a Repub-lican, he said, no, we should have 25 percent. So what did the other side do? Let’s see, the difference between 28 and 25? Aha, it is 21. I mean, I haven’t figured that out yet. So, day after day, we roll through here with another tax cut proposal, and we watch the deficits and the debt go to $20 trillion. Whatever happened to the Republican idea of fiscal rectitude, which year after year they lectured us on? We negotiated this agreement over the device tax, Mr. Speaker, guaran-teed. It was accepted by the industry. Again, we applied it to foreign com-petition. They would be taxed at the same rate. Medicare would remain the largest vendor, the largest purchaser of medical devices. This is a step backward on America’s healthcare plan. If they would just give the Affordable Care Act a chance to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:34 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.077 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7124 July 24, 2018 
work, instead of these deliberate ef-forts day after day to sabotage it, we could move on with the business of the country. Mr. Speaker, I gladly yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, as I close, let me remind my colleague, be-cause he had mentioned eliminating the individual mandate as a part of the tax reform that was enacted recently, according to the IRS, 79 percent of the 6.6 million people who paid the penalty in 2015 had incomes below $50,000. These are middle class people. Mr. NEAL. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. PAULSEN. I yield to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, what did the Republican majority do to the cost subsidies for those people? Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, reclaim-ing my time, on the individual man-date, 6.6 million people who paid the penalty had incomes below $50,000. These are middle class people who had to pay the fine instead of buying over-priced ObamaCare coverage that they could not afford. Now, starting in 2019, they are not going to have to do that anymore. Republicans think that is a good thing. Let me close back on the bill, though, Mr. Speaker. The good news is that both Repub-licans and Democrats here today agree and understand that the medical device excise tax does more harm than good, and it has to be repealed. We heard tes-timony and speakers today on both sides of the aisle. We will have a strong, bipartisan vote to repeal this tax permanently. We have already had a suspension twice. But we need to give this indus-try certainty so that we can make sure that this American success story not only survives, but thrives. It is about high-paying jobs with net exports around the world. This makes sure that patients not only in the United States are going to have access to new medical technology devices, for baby boomers, seniors, and those get-ting up in their elder years with new devices. This is really critical for the innovation that is going to help to make sure that we are protecting pa-tients around the world, keeping head-quarters here, keeping jobs here, and improving healthcare outcomes. Today, we have an opportunity to help. It is helping those small startups that are part of the very ecosystem that has made this industry so strong in the United States that provides these jobs, and making sure that entre-preneurs, doctors, engineers, and folks who come up with an idea in the back-yard or in the garage can see their idea come to fruition. So let’s remove this threat to innova-tion. Let’s remove this job-killing tax once and for all. There are 277 cospon-sors in the House. How many bills ac-tually get that many cosponsors of Democrats and Republicans? Let’s con-tinue to show the American public that what we are doing here in Washington on this issue is results oriented, is so-lution oriented, and we are sensitive, and we understand that. Mr. Speaker, I ask everyone to vote for the passage of H.R. 184, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 1011, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069, the Fostering Stable Housing Opportuni-ties Act of 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 39 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1650 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas) at 4 o’clock and 50 minutes p.m. 
f 
PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 184) to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 283, nays 132, not voting 13, as follows: [Roll No. 372] YEAS—283 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Clark (MA) Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.079 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7125 July 24, 2018 
NAYS—132 
Adams Bass Beatty Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Butterfield Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Nadler Napolitano Neal O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Smith (WA) Soto Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tsongas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Black Blackburn Ellison Graves (MO) Hanabusa Hartzler Long Moore Noem Smith (MO) Speier Walz Yoder 
b1715 Mr. POLIS changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, because I am at home recuperating from a medical procedure, I unavoidably missed the following vote on July 24. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: on rollcall No. 372, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ (Passage of H.R. 184—Pro-tect Medical Innovation Act of 2017). 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably absent on rollcall Votes 368, 369, 370, 371 and 372. I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on all five rollcall votes. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on additional motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. THE AMERICAN LEGION 100TH AN-NIVERSARY COMMEMORATIVE COIN ACT Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1182) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anni-versary of The American Legion, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1182 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Flood Insurance Program Extension Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROGRAM EXTENSION. 
(a) F INANCING .—Section 1309(a) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘November 30, 2018’’. (b) P
ROGRAM EXPIRATION .—Section 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4026) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘November 30, 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor today to do something I do not often do, and that is: I have asked my leader-ship to put a bill on the floor that I do not support. I am talking about the bill that would provide for a non-reform reau-thorization of the National Flood In-surance Program through the end of November. To make it very clear, Mr. Speaker, I believe this program needs to be reauthorized, and the House has done its work. The House passed a bill with reforms last November. Never un-derestimate the Senate’s capacity to do nothing. Unfortunately, the Senate has done nothing. But this is a program, Mr. Speaker, that continues to be in dire need of reform. And now, we have reau-thorized it without reforms, not once, not twice, not three times, not four times, not five times, but six times since the Financial Services Com-mittee first reported this bill out. Enough is enough. Mr. Speaker, in America, we lost 116 lives last year to flooding, with billions and billions of dollars of property loss, and, yet, we have a program unreformed that incents people to live in harm’s way. We should not be doing this, Mr. Speaker. I went and I visited with those who survived Hurricane Harvey, people that were close to your district, people whose homes had flooded three times in the last 8 years, and I heard harrowing tales of survival. And, yet, we have a program that says, you know what? We are going to help rebuild your same home in the same fashion in the same place. Hope you survive next time. That is just wrong, Mr. Speaker. And, yes, we need more mitigation money. We need better flood control projects. The House bill had more flood mitigation money than any other re-form bill, but this bill before us has no reforms. Finances: This is a program that the taxpayer has subsidized so far by $40 billion. Some of the debt has been for-given, but it runs a billion-and-a-half dollar deficit every single year, Mr. Speaker. It is unsustainable. The Con-gressional Budget Office says it, the GAO says it, the OMB says it. It is an unsustainable program. The finances do not work. And then last, but not least, Mr. Speaker, it is a government monopoly. It is a government monopoly when peo-ple could, through a competitive mar-ketplace, actually get more affordable flood insurance. And that is just not a theory. That is happening as we speak. In the small little bit of the market-place that is open to competition, peo-ple are saving hundreds, if not thou-sands of dollars in places like Pennsyl-vania, and in places like Florida. We had testimony in our committee. And so it is just rather disappointing that, again, we face the seventh time of not reforming a program that has no mar-ket competition, and that is fiscally unsustainable, and, yet, we continue to see premiums skyrocket in the govern-ment monopoly. Mr. Speaker, I do want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gentleman on the other side of the aisle, Mr. B
LUMENAUER from Or-egon. They tried to put together a re-form package with the most minimal level of reforms, and, unfortunately, it did not appear to carry the day. I suspect we will soon cast, with an overwhelming vote, a clean reauthor-ization, but I don’t think they are going to take it up in the Senate. Maybe I am wrong, in which case, we will have to deal with this. And I would just simply again ask, particularly for the people on my side of the aisle—I think it helps maybe once or twice a month if we ask ourselves Ronald Rea-gan’s eternal question: ‘‘If not us, who? If not now, when?’’ Mr. Speaker, I invite somebody to answer that question for me, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.026 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7126 July 24, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, since the National Flood Insurance Program’s multiyear authorization expired on September 30, 2017, ideological differences have led Congress to pass six short-term exten-sions, and have even allowed the pro-gram to briefly lapse twice since the government shutdowns. More than 5 million families rely on the NFIP for affordable flood insurance coverage. Communities rely on the NFIP for flood maps and mitigation as-sistance, and small businesses rely on the NFIP to pick up the pieces when the inevitable storm hits. Yet, the long-term stability of this critical pro-gram continues to fall victim to par-tisan politics. Mr. Speaker, 2017 was an absolutely catastrophic year in terms of hurri-canes and other national disasters. In 2017, for the first time on record, three Category 4 hurricanes made landfall in the United States, serving as painful reminders of the importance of afford-able and accessible flood insurance. While Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria may be a distant memory for some, families affected by these storms are still just beginning their long road to recovery, and we continue to learn about the challenges that families in Puerto Rico face with no signs of lead-ership from the Trump administration. We are here today in the midst of the 2018 hurricane season with no credible plan to do anything differently from the partisan gamesmanship that has brought the NFIP to the brink of a lapse several times already this Con-gress. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply dis-appointed that Congress continues to miss opportunities to responsibly help homeowners, businesses, and renters who all need access to affordable flood insurance by taking sensible steps to stabilize flood insurance premiums, deal with the NFIP’s debt and invest in up-to-date and accurate flood maps. Instead, the House has passed con-troversial and ideological reforms that make flood insurance more expensive, less available, and less fair, which is, obviously, going nowhere in the Sen-ate. Given the critical importance of the NFIP to our housing market, I am pleased that we are taking the small step today of reauthorizing the pro-gram for 4 months to at least provide some level of certainty to businesses and families, but let us not be fooled into thinking that our work is done. I have led the effort for years to provide long-term reauthorizations of the NFIP that also ensure the affordability and the availability of flood insurance, and I will continue to do so when this lat-est short-term extension expires in No-vember. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am now very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding, and I really want to thank my col-league, Mr. MACARTHUR from New Jer-sey, for his leadership in bringing this amendment forward, which would reau-thorize the National Flood Insurance Program on a short-term basis through hurricane season. Why are we here, Mr. Speaker? We are here because, first of all, the House did take strong action to pass a 5-year reauthorization of NFIP that included really important reforms, reforms that I was happy to work with the chairman on to pass through the House. b1730 But, ultimately, as the bill went over to the Senate, we kept hearing story after story that the Senate was going to pass something, and then a month would go by and another month would go by, and, ultimately, the Senate still hasn’t passed anything to reauthorize this program. So it leaves us here lit-erally days before the program expires. Mr. Speaker, we can’t play some game of chicken with the lives of mil-lions of families that represent, by the way, all 50 States. All 50 States partici-pate in the National Flood Insurance Program. This isn’t something that just applies to coastal communities. You have got every inland State as well that have families that rely on this program to work. Mr. Speaker, what kind of program would we like to see? I would love to see a vibrant marketplace with private sector company after private sector company that would offer options to families just like we have with car in-surance or homeowners insurance. But we don’t have that today. So what we need to do is usher in reforms like the Ross-Castor legislation, Mr. Speaker, that I am a cosponsor of. Ross-Castor, by the way, was included in the House- passed bill. There are other important reforms that encourage communities to get better mapping from FEMA. Some of those reforms were included in the Royce-Blumenauer legislation which, was also in the House-passed bill. So we could talk about the reforms that are needed, and I encourage us to get those kind of reforms done. But at the midnight hour, let’s at least keep this program going for a few more months while we continue negotiating, and let’s get a long-term deal that ac-tually has the reforms that will make this a sustainable program with pri-vate sector involvement for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LEAVER ), who is the ranking member of the Housing and Insurance Sub-committee of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to support the House amendment to S. 1182, the National Flood Insurance Program Extension Act of 2018. This bill would provide a clean, 4-month extension for the NFIP. Now, I do plan to vote in favor of this bill, but I do so with deep consterna-tion that we are, yet again, passing a short-term reauthorization. This will be the seventh short-term extension for the NFIP in the last 10 months. This is somewhat embarrassing, or should be, to all of us. If we fail to reauthorize the program, the NFIP will not be able to issue new policies, and borrowing authority would be limited. A lapse in authoriza-tion during the height of hurricane sea-son could have serious ramifications for communities that have already weathered last year’s severe storms. When the Financial Services Com-mittee began to consider the NFIP re-authorization, I had advocated for a long-term reauthorization. I met with Mr. DUFFY many, many times. We dis-cussed that a long-term reauthoriza-tion of 5 or even 10 years would provide policyholders and stakeholders with certainty. It would give industry sta-bility, communities a chance to de-velop mitigation plans, and policy-holders peace of mind. Affordability must remain a central component of any long-term plan to re-vamp the NFIP. Rates are already in-creasing for many policyholders, and we need to ensure that homeowners who rely on the NFIP for protection are not priced out of the program. Additionally, I have urged my col-leagues to consider the forgiving of the NFIP’s debt. Though the NFIP has been self-sustaining for many years, extreme and unexpected damage fol-lowing Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy left the NFIP with a $20 billion debt. Now the NFIP con-tinues to pay over $400 million a year in interest, and this is ridiculous. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Missouri an additional 1 minute. Mr. CLEAVER. The NFIP continues to pay over $400 million a year in inter-est. That is money that could go to-wards making improvements in the program or helping enhance afford-ability. We need to wipe the slate clean and give the NFIP a fresh start. Lastly, enhancing mapping tech-nology and increasing litigation re-sources will go a long way in improving the program and preparing commu-nities for prevention and recovery ef-forts. To be sure, I am pleased that we are voting to keep the NFIP up and run-ning for the next 4 months, but I re-main concerned that we have been un-able to agree on a long-term plan. I again urge my colleagues to come to the table in a bipartisan manner for a solution and for the updating of the NFIP. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), who is the chairman of our Capital Markets, Se-curities, and Investments Sub-committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.085 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7127 July 24, 2018 
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with deep hesitation in sup-porting another clean extension of the National Flood Insurance Program through November of this year. While I completely agree that letting this pro-gram lapse in the middle of hurricane season is deeply problematic, it is in-conceivable to me that even extremely modest reforms to this troubled pro-gram are not included in this legisla-tion. The House amendment to S. 1182 is a simple piece of legislation with a sim-ple extension. What is notable, how-ever, is the fact that the legislation contains none of the reforms passed by this House in a bipartisan manner in November, nor does the legislation con-tain any of the more modest reforms recently introduced by my colleagues from California and Oregon, Represent-atives R
OYCE and B LUMENAUER . Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman from Missouri said, this will be extension number 7 in less than a year. This is even after Congress forgave that $16 billion in NFIP debt, all while fewer than 2 percent of the 5 million policies that are out there have absorbed more than $8 billion in payments. These numbers are staggering. In-stead of passing clean extension after clean extension, the Senate should—no, wait a minute—the Senate must do its job and take up bipartisan reform that we passed in November. I urge my colleagues to be respon-sible and work toward crafting a long- term reauthorization of this, a pro-gram that needs to shift towards risk- based rates, increasing private sector involvement in the program, and to ad-dress repetitive loss properties, all of which will put the program on a more sustainable financial path. I grew up in a floodplain in Michigan right along Lake Michigan and the Great Lakes. This is real for those of us in west Michigan. But at the end of the day, with this legislation, a ‘‘no’’ vote is not a lack of willingness or in-terest to address this issue, as it may be portrayed; but, equally, a ‘‘yes’’ vote should not be acceptance of the status quo. Hopefully, by this bill mov-ing forward, there may be action in the Senate. Frankly, at the end of the day, Mem-bers are being put in an impossible no- win situation; not for us, Mr. Speaker, but for our constituents, the taxpayers, it is a no-win situation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), who is the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I, too, am not enthralled with the idea of a temporary fix. My preference is a long-term remedy. While we have different reasons for being opposed to a temporary fix, the truth is we have no choice at this point. In about a week, the program will expire. I know what happens when we are, unfortunately, coping with hurricanes such as Katrina, which cost us $160 bil-lion. I saw what happened in New Orle-ans, Louisiana, after Katrina. The ranking member and I were there on the ground to see how people who had been quite prosperous were now having to abandon what was their home, and they had to move to other places. The Astrodome in Houston, Texas, became the home for many thousands of people who were fleeing the aftermath of Katrina. I saw what happened after Harvey and how people were suffering and try-ing to go back into homes that were completely devastated. They had no-where else to go. So we have no choice. We must reau-thorize. And 4 months, while it seems like it is an inappropriate amount of time, does give us some additional time. My hope is that we will come to some conclusion that will be accept-able such that we can have a long-term extension. The Realtors are constantly calling to my attention the need for certainty in this program. It helps the economy to have certainty. My belief is we can have certainty, and we must extend. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. My belief is we must have certainty and we must extend. My belief also is this: If not us, who will extend it? If not now, when will we extend it? Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), who is the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and a very senior member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, we stand here doing what we have done, I guess, 38 times now since 1998, and that is passing an extension of the National Flood Insurance Program without the much-needed reforms that should be in that program. This is un-acceptable. Subsidized flood insurance represents what economists call a moral hazard, and let me tell you why. We tell Ameri-cans that if you buy flood insurance from Uncle Sam, no matter how many times your house floods, we will give you money to rebuild it. We haven’t worked to decrease that moral hazard through reform; rather, we have embraced and refueled it, and we make it more difficult for people to move than rebuild. We fail to encourage communities to mitigate flood risk. We continue to build in high-risk areas. The clearest sign of moral hazard is the number of repeatedly flooded properties that are rebuilt with little deference to mitiga-tion. I will give you some examples: A $90,000 home in Missouri has been flooded, now, 34 times, at a cost of more than $600,000; A $56,000 home in Louisiana flooded more than 40 times at a cost of $430,000; A $72,000 home in Texas that flooded again last year cost taxpayers over $1 million in payouts. I came to the floor today hoping to support a bill that Mr. BLUMENAUER  and I authored that would have ex-tended the flood program with what The Wall Street Journal called de minimis policy changes that have broad, bipartisan support, which would do something about the fact that you have got fewer than 2 percent of the 5 million policies that have absorbed more than $8 billion of the payments because we don’t have these reforms. That is not in this bill before us. Unfortunately, I oppose this can- kicking exercise, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ), who has long pushed for re-ducing flood risk in this country. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on this, and I am pleased to follow my friend from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). This is troubling for me, his ref-erence here to 38 extensions without reform. I have been working on this for 20 years. This is the 41st time, and we had one back in 2004 with my friend, Doug Bereuter, where we had some small steps, but they were anticipatory of being able to make greater reforms. I am vexed that we continue to move forward and dodge some hard facts. We are subsidizing too much for people who grow complacent. I am concerned about affordability. There are things we can do to deal with affordability, but that doesn’t mean to have massive subsidization for people who don’t need it and, in fact, encour-age people to be in harm’s way and, in fact, after they are flooded out, to go back, putting them in harm’s way again. There are simple, commonsense steps we can take. There were things that Mr. R
OYCE and I had that are sort of the lowest common denominator. I am deeply troubled that we are going to do this again without dealing with the problems. I just want to say that it is not just financial hardship and it is not just wasting of money. Our failure to re-form the Flood Insurance Program puts people at risk. Every one of these massive events shows that people will go back, trying to deal with a family member; they are dealing with their business, or they are dealing with a pet. b1745 People die because we fail to take steps to reform and make it work right. I appreciate the ranking member, the chair, Mr. D
UFFY , and Mr. R OYCE . There is a path forward. This bill is not the path forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.087 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7128 July 24, 2018 
I don’t want it to lapse. I don’t want disruption. But it is hard for me to sit here and vote ‘‘yes’’ for something that doesn’t do the minimum. We don’t do anybody any favors along this path. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), the chairman of our Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, the National Flood Insurance Program is critical to millions of Americans who need access to affordable flood in-surance, but it is also in desperate need of reform. The current construct of the NFIP doesn’t serve anyone well. Tax-payers are left unprotected, and the program continues to offer antiquated policies and provides insufficient cov-erage. FEMA continues to hold a mo-nopoly in the flood insurance space, leaving policyholders with no freedom to choose a policy that works best for them. Mr. Speaker, last year, we came to-gether as a body and passed com-prehensive NFIP reform. Unfortu-nately, the Senate has failed to do any-thing with those even modest reforms that we had in that bill. Tomorrow, we are probably going to pass another bill and kick the can down the road. We will probably do the same thing in No-vember. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this bill be-cause I think it is time to make some reforms. It is time to take a stand and do something to protect the taxpayers who are on the hook for all of what I call the mismanagement of this agency and for these continued risks to indi-viduals who are policyholders of these policies who continue to live in dan-gerous areas. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ), who has been a true leader on the National Flood Insurance Program. He comes with a very, very important background. He was chairman of Lou-isiana’s Coastal Protection and Res-toration Authority. So I am pleased to have worked with him, to have talked with him, and to understand that we need him when we are working on the reforms that we will work on after we pass this bill. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentle-woman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this discussion needs to have a reset. It needs to have a reset because I keep hearing people sit here talking about repetitive floods and how there is a certain set of these flood vic-tims who are costing this program all sorts of problems and money. Mr. Speaker, do you really believe people want to be flooded? Do you think people want to have everything they own underwater and have to throw it all out? Anybody who believes that has obvi-ously never stepped foot in a flooded home, never spoken to a flood victim. Do you really think people inten-tionally want to build their home in a place that is going to flood so all their family heirlooms are flooded and lost? That whole concept is irrational. Mr. Speaker, the reality is that all of us want this program to be solvent. We all want to have a solution. We all want to have reforms. The things that are being pushed aren’t the reforms that are going to result in solvency. The reforms that are being pushed are strictly a defense. You don’t go out on the field and just play defense. We need to lean forward. We need to integrate some of our efforts on miti-gation, some of our Corps of Engineers levee projects, some of our hazard miti-gation grant program funds through FEMA, look where we can protect areas and where that is the most cost- effective solution, and not tell every-one: You are out of your house, or we are going to charge you unaffordable rates. Mr. Speaker, think about this for just a minute. I represent the State of Louisiana. We drain from Montana to two Canadian provinces to New York. All that water comes and drains down through our State. It is one of the larg-est watersheds in the world. More water is coming to us now. So, yes, we are more vulnerable. But the people who live in these homes and businesses are innocent. Folks are try-ing to charge them more for something they have no control over. That is not American. That is not okay. We are in hurricane season right now, Mr. Speaker. We are in hurricane season, where we need to provide peo-ple certainty. Let’s be crystal clear on what this bill is and what it is not. A ‘‘yes’’ vote provides people certainty during hurricane season. It provides certainty to Realtors, homeowners, and homebuilders. A ‘‘no’’ vote kills the National Flood Insurance Program and leaves people with complete uncer-tainty and in limbo. I want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey for proposing this bill and for bringing it up, because this is so important. We have had 220 disasters, each costing more than $1 billion since 1980. In total, we spent approximately $1.5 trillion responding to these disas-ters. Mr. Speaker, there are similar pro-grams that exist. Right now, there is Price-Anderson for nuclear power plants and TRIA for terrorism risk in-surance, where the government pro-vides a safety net. I agree that we need to reform these programs, but we need to do it in a way that does not penalize the innocent. Until we get to that point, we need to do an extension to provide certainty and to ensure we make it through hurricane season, and we have a rational debate. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ), who is also the author of the legisla-tion for the reauthorization bill before us. Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I spent about 30 years in the insurance industry. A good deal of that time, I worked on this program. I know it, I would guess, better than anyone here, and I know what it does for people. I know its weaknesses as well. Mr. Speaker, 140 million Americans live in coastal counties today. They are ordinary Americans, mostly of mod-erate means. I represent many of these folks in Ocean County, New Jersey. These are the victims of disasters like Sandy, and they absolutely depend upon this program. In October, the House passed a bill that I worked on and I supported, a 5- year reauthorization with modest in-creases in premiums, increased mitiga-tion dollars, and instilled some ac-countability at FEMA. It was too much reform for some, not enough for others. But it was absolutely necessary that we do that. The Senate has totally failed to act. So, what do we do today? We hold every homeowner along the coast hos-tage? We cannot do that. The NFIP program has $30 billion of borrowing capacity. That drops to $1 billion if this lapses. That is a modest event in this country. How do we look the American people in the eye after a storm and say: We don’t have the money that you have been paying pre-miums for. How do we do that? How do we shut down the real estate market? If you can’t get a mortgage, you can’t buy a home. And you cannot get a mortgage in coastal counties without flood insurance. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New Jersey an additional 30 seconds. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, we cannot pull the rug out from under-neath the people depending on this pro-gram. I will continue to work with the com-mittee, with our chairman, and with the Senate, which needs to get off their back sides and do something. They have done nothing on this. I will con-tinue to work. But in the meantime, we must continue this program until the end of hurricane season. That is why I chose the date November 30 on this bill. That is the last day of hurri-cane season. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues, whatever your reservations, support it, and we will keep working on reforms. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ), continuing in this bipartisan effort to pass a clean bill. He has long been a champion of the National Flood Insurance Program. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. We are 1 week away from July 31— that is 7 days—which means the dead-line to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program is nearing very fast. I would like to thank Mr. M
AC- A
RTHUR for understanding the impor-tance of avoiding a lapse in the NFIP 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.090 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7129 July 24, 2018 
program and for introducing legisla-tion that will continue coverage for millions of policyholders. We know that flooding always has been and will continue to be the most costly natural phenomenon humanity faces. I support this amendment to extend the National Flood Insurance Program through the end of the 2018 hurricane season and urge my colleagues to do the same. Policyholders who rely on the pro-gram to insure their homes from flood-ing should not be caught in limbo while Congress works on coming together in a bipartisan manner to reauthorize the program. While I, along with many of my col-leagues, support reform in the pro-gram, the time to enact bipartisan re-forms is gone for now. We have to take immediate action. If the NFIP lapses, policyholders will not have the oppor-tunity to renew their policies and tens of thousands of home sale closings would be negatively impacted by a pro-gram lapse. We are in the middle of the 2018 hurricane season, and a major dis-ruption in the program will be detri-mental to homeowners in every corner of the United States. It is our duty to ensure that flood in-surance remains affordable and avail-able to our constituents. Since 1968, this program has helped protect against flooding. Since its inception, the NFIP has saved the government billions of dollars. We are providing our constituents with certainty by supporting this bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to extend the NFIP through the end of the 2018 hurricane season. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), the vice chairman of the Financial Institutions Subcommittee. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the House amendment to S. 1182, the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram Extension Act. This summer has been a challenging time for western Pennsylvania, where summer storms have caused dev-astating floods. Residents are still re-covering from the damage. At the same time, the NFIP, the National Flood In-surance Program, is close to lapsing. That is because, like so many things we have done in the House, the Senate has failed to act. We know the NFIP is in need of re-form. As a member of the Financial Services Committee, I applaud Chair-men H
ENSARLING and D UFFY for their work to craft a bipartisan bill that we have passed. Many of these reforms in this bill are bipartisan. They are non-controversial. Pennsylvania’s own in-surance commissioner, a Democratic appointee, even testified before our committee in support of the private flood insurance provisions that are es-sential to improving consumer choice. Unfortunately, the Senate is stalled. We should continue urging Senators to take action, in the meantime. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this temporary extension, and I urge the Senate to get back to work. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I represent a working coastal community. Our communities in Texas District 36 were hit very, very hard by Hurricane Har-vey, and our Nation’s energy security relies on those communities. Coastal energy and petrochemical re-fining facilities like the 150 that I rep-resent cannot function without a steady and reliable workforce, and that workforce cannot exist without a sta-ble housing market. I am hopeful that my House col-leagues will have the wisdom to see the necessity of passing S. 1182, so that we can maintain this national security issue. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, allow-ing the NFIP to expire is simply not an option. It would be catastrophic on fi-nancial markets. But more impor-tantly, for that family sitting around the table, it would be catastrophic. Chairman H
ENSARLING and Majority Whip S
CALISE had a good reform bill, but the Senate needs to act. Until that happens, we have to reauthorize this, so that the next hurricane doesn’t have a devastating effect on the economy and families. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ). Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I have a map in my office that shows the areas of the United States that have been impacted by flood. It is virtually the entire country. This is the House of ‘‘We the People.’’ This is an easy ‘‘yes’’ vote. I urge my colleagues on my side of the aisle to try to explain to the American people how you can vote ‘‘yes’’ six times on an extension and ‘‘no’’ the seventh time. We did our job in November. We passed some comprehensive reforms to the NFIP, a 5-year authorization. The Senate has failed. We serve the people. This is right for the people. I urge my colleagues to step up and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this extension. We don’t like it, but we serve the people. This bill is for the people. b1800 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the chairman of our Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance and the author of the real flood reform bill. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. This is a rich conversation. I am hearing my col-leagues saying: We are almost out of time. We have to reauthorize the pro-gram. We can’t let it expire. The truth is, we have known for months that this program was going to expire. We have known. And many of us have tried to go to those who have disagreed on any kind of flood reform to craft a deal, to craft a compromise, but, lo and behold, there was no will-ingness to come together and find a compromise on flood reform. It was: No, no. We want to come to the very end and pretend like it is a crisis and we have to extend the pro-gram because we can’t put people in harm’s way. By the way, this program puts people in harm’s way. We know that people don’t want to flood, just like people don’t want to get in a car crash and they don’t want their house to burn. But if 2 times, 4 times, 10 times some-one’s house burns, we might say: Hey, we have got a problem with that. Maybe we should look at where you are living. If someone gets in a car crash 2 times, 5 times, 10 times, 15 times, we might say: Hey, you have got a prob-lem, maybe, with your driving. But with flood insurance, we say: Listen, you can flood 1 time, 5 times, 10 times—and guess what? You can flood 10 times, 15 times, and your premiums don’t go up at all. You are grand-fathered in. When my daughter crashed our car twice, guess what happened to my pre-miums? They went through the roof. But with flood insurance, your pre-miums don’t go up. Let’s fix this program. There are commonsense reforms that we can im-plement. We are not asking for the bill that I introduced last year. We have said: Hey, maybe we can look at the se-vere repetitive loss properties, the ones that are only 3 percent of those in the NFIP but account for 25 percent of the losses. Maybe we could address those properties. Maybe we could find some little bit of reform that could make the program work better. It is $20.5 billion in debt, and we already forgave $16 billion in debt. It is under water, to use a pun. Let’s work on fixing it. Let’s help people get out of harm’s way. Reform does that, Mr. Speaker. Let’s get it done. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to hear that some of my friends on the oppo-site side of the aisle are going to co-operate in a reauthorization bill, tak-ing into consideration many of the con-cerns. I do want you to know that I sent a letter out just July 18, Mr. Speaker, 61 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.091 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7130 July 24, 2018 
Members signed this letter for reau-thorization. I want you to know that I understand that we have differences, and I understand that I am focused on affordability as one of the important aspects of any reauthorization bill. I do know that some on the other side are concerned about how many times flooding will take place where people will have to be reestablished, the homes rebuilt, repairs done, how many times. I know all of that. We know all of that. But we are here now, and we have no choice. We have got to pass this bill this evening. A clear bill that will reauthorize for 4 months, and then let’s have Mr. D
UFFY have another shout out loud about how we are going to do a long-term reauthorization bill when we take up the bill after the 4 months. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. I am prepared to close, Mr. Speaker. I think I have the right to close. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the re-mainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, partisan gamesmanship and harmful reforms passed out of the house stalled the NFIP’s long-term re-authorization for long enough. While I would prefer a longer term reauthoriza-tion of this important program, I strongly support today’s 4-month ex-tension to provide homeowners, busi-nesses, renters, and communities with the certainty they deserve. But make no mistake. This short- term reauthorization does not absolve Congress of its responsibility to reau-thorize the flood insurance program for the long term. It is past time for Con-gress to do its job and pass a long-term reauthorization that will ensure Amer-icans are protected this and every hur-ricane season to come. Mr. Speaker, flooding is truly a hum-bling and equalizing force. It brings out the best of America during the worst of times, with everyone putting aside their differences to come together to help one another in our time of need. Now it is time for Congress to do the same thing. We must put partisanship and ideology aside and ensure the con-tinued affordability and availability of coverage for millions of Americans. The long-term reauthorization of the NFIP that ensures affordable flood in-surance continues to be available to communities across our country must be Congress’ priority when we return from the August recess. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 1
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, de´ja`vu all over again. This House has been here many times before. In fact, we have had 41 reau-thorizations of this program, 38 with no reforms. So, a vote for S. 1182 is a vote for the status quo. And what is the status quo? The status quo is people in harm’s way who have homes that flood five, six, seven, and eight times, putting their lives in danger and burdening the tax-payer at the same time. A vote for S. 1182 is a vote to ensure that we continue to have more red ink as far as the eye can see. Mr. Speaker, $40 billion of taxpayer subsidies to the program already. A vote for S. 1182 is a vote to protect a government monop-oly. The ranking member spoke about af-fordability. Well, the irony is, if we had market competition, we would have more affordable flood insurance, but we don’t have market competition. When is enough enough? When do we finally act? If we can vote down this, we can vote in favor of reforms, which is what we should have done in the first place. For us to do the same thing over and over again and expect a dif-ferent result, we all know, Mr. Speak-er, is the very definition of insanity. I have no doubt this thing will be voted ‘‘aye,’’ but it shouldn’t be, and it is a sad day for the House. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HEN-
SARLING ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1182, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ALLOWING SERVICEMEMBERS TO TERMINATE THEIR CABLE, SAT-ELLITE TELEVISION, AND INTER-NET ACCESS SERVICE CON-TRACTS Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2409) to allow servicemem-bers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and Internet access service contracts while deployed, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2409 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TERMINATION OF MULTICHANNEL VIDEO PROGRAMMING AND INTER-NET ACCESS SERVICE CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 305A of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3956) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ , 
MULTICHANNEL VIDEO PROGRAMMING , AND 
INTERNET ACCESS ’’ after ‘‘ TELEPHONE ’’; (2) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) ADDITIONAL INDIVIDUALS COVERED .—For purposes of this section, the following indi-viduals shall be treated as a servicemember covered by paragraph (1): ‘‘(A) A spouse of a servicemember who dies while in military service or a spouse of a member of the reserve components who dies while performing duty described in subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) A member of the reserve components performing military service or performing full-time National Guard duty, active Guard and Reserve duty, or inactive-duty training (as such terms are defined in section 101(d) of title 10, United States Code).’’; (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘cellular telephone service or telephone exchange service’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial mobile service, telephone exchange service, Internet access service, or multichannel video pro-gramming service’’; (4) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘for com-mercial mobile service or telephone ex-change service’’ before ‘‘terminated’’; (5) in subsection (d), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘cellular telephone service’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial mobile service’’; (6) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘For any’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any’’; (B) by striking ‘‘If the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) R
EINSTATEMENT OF SERVICE .—If the’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
ETURN OF PROVIDER -OWNED EQUIP -
MENT .—If a servicemember terminates a con-tract under subsection (a), the servicemem-ber shall return any provider-owned con-sumer premises equipment to the service provider not later than 10 days after the date on which service is disconnected.’’; and (7) in subsection (g)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (4); and (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) The term ‘commercial mobile service’ has the meaning given that term in section 332(d) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332(d)). ‘‘(2) The term ‘multichannel video pro-gramming service’ means a subscription video service offered by a multichannel video programming distributor, as that term is de-fined in section 602 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 522), over a system the distributor owns or controls. ‘‘(3) The term ‘provider-owned consumer premises equipment’ means any equipment that a provider of Internet access service or multichannel video programming service rents or loans to a customer during the pro-vision of that service, including gateways, routers, cable modems, voice-capable modems, CableCARDs, converters, digital adapters, remote controls, and any other equipment provided.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE HEADING .—The heading for title III of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is amended by striking ‘‘TELEPHONE’’ and in- serting ‘‘COMMUNICATIONS’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to title III and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE III—RENT, INSTALLMENT CON-TRACTS, MORTGAGES, LIENS, ASSIGN-MENT, LEASES, COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE CONTRACTS’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:34 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.093 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7131 July 24, 2018 
(B) by striking the item relating to section 305A and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 305A. Termination of telephone, mul-tichannel video programming, and Internet access service con-tracts.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2409, as amended. The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, SCRA, was enacted by Congress to pro-tect Active Duty servicemembers and members of the National Guard and Reserve from financial charges and ju-dicial obligations that could incur due to their military service. As most Americans know, cell phone companies charge early-termination fees if a user cancels an agreement for service with the carrier before their contract has expired. SCRA currently allows a servicemember who is ordered to move or deploy for longer than 90 days to cancel their cell phone con-tract without paying those fees. How-ever, it does not explicitly protect servicemembers from having to pay early-termination fees for cable, sat-ellite TV, or Internet access contracts. H.R. 2409, as amended, which is spon-sored by Congressman R
YAN COSTELLO  of Pennsylvania, would fix this in-equity. I am grateful for his efforts in this bill to acknowledge that service-members would be given the same type of protections for cable, satellite TV, and Internet contracts as those already in place for cell phone devices. The bill would also extend those pro-tections to surviving spouses of serv-icemembers who are killed while on Active Duty. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman C
OSTELLO for bringing this bill forward, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2409, as amended, to allow certain serv-icemembers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and Internet serv-ice contracts while deployed. This is an important part of modernizing the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act and helps it reflect the current lifestyle of servicemembers. Internet and television access have become necessities in the modern world. The SCRA is key to protecting the rights of servicemembers and al-lowing them to fulfill their service ob-ligations. I would like to thank the chairman for working with the minority to match this bill to the changes we are making under H.R. 5882, as amended, the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act, which we will also be voting on today. I would also like to thank the chair-man for working with us on including National Guard and reservist service-members who are killed while on duty. Lastly, I want to recognize Mr. KIL-
MER and Mr. M CGOVERN for working with Mr. C
OSTELLO to bring this impor-tant bill forward. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ), author of the bill and former member of the Committee on Veterans Affairs. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2409, bipartisan legislation I introduced with Congressman K
ILMER . I want to thank Congressman K
ILMER  for his work with me on this bill. I also want to recognize the very stellar lead-ership of Chairman R
OEon the VA Committee and Ranking Member T
AKANO , as well as all the VA staff seated behind me and those not seated behind me, but who work every day to make that a highly performing com-mittee here in the House. When our brave servicemembers are preparing to relocate or deploy because of Active Duty orders, they should not have to navigate costly and time-con-suming cancelation fees and policies. Under current law, protections are granted to servicemembers with mili-tary orders for certain civil agree-ments, including rental leases or cell phone contracts; but they cannot ter-minate their cable, satellite television, and Internet access service contracts while deployed without incurring early-termination fees. Our legislation, very simply, fixes this by updating the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to include pay TV and Internet service contracts. While some States already do provide relief for pay TV or Internet services, this legisla-tion would update the act to enact a policy at the Federal level, ensuring servicemembers and their families re-ceive uniform assistance no matter in which State they reside. Mr. Speaker, I would again like to thank Chairman R
OEfor his support and his work to pass H.R. 2409. I would also like to thank Andrew and Erica in my office for their work on this impor-tant bill as well. Mr. Speaker, it is our responsibility to help provide peace of mind to our servicemembers and their families when they prepare to deploy, so I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. K
ILMER ), my good friend. b1815 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bill, which will allow our servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and internet contracts once they receive orders to relocate for more than 90 days. Listen, we ask a lot of our military personnel and their families. I know that because my district is home to so many veterans and Active-Duty serv-icemembers. I met with these amazing, talented men and women, and they are so impressive. They step up and they sacrifice. They are constantly being asked to uproot themselves and their families across this country and all over the world, often on very short no-tice; and when their country calls, the members of our Armed Forces drop ev-erything. They have our backs, and we should have their backs, too. Deployed servicemembers and their families shouldn’t have to worry about bills piling up at home when they are gone because they are locked into con-tracts for television and the internet. In the last few days at home with their kids and spouses, they shouldn’t have to spend a second on hold or haggling with a customer service representative. I am very proud to have worked across the aisle on this bill with Rep-resentative RYAN COSTELLO . Taking care of our military families is an issue that all Americans, regardless of party, can stand behind, and I want to express my gratitude to the chairman for his leadership on those issues and Ranking Member T
AKANO and others on that committee. Listen, this bill will provide a small measure of relief to our military mem-bers and to their families. It is the least we can do. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 2409, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was thinking here, as we were listening to the testimony, when I went into the Army many, many years ago to go to Southeast Asia, there was no internet, there was no cable TV, and there were no cell phones, so it was pretty easy for me to leave then. There wasn’t much to leave. But things have changed a lot since then. I encourage all Members to support H.R. 2409, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2409, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.030 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7132 July 24, 2018 
VETERANS-SPECIFIC EDUCATION FOR TOMORROW’S HEALTH PRO-FESSIONALS ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2787) to establish in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs a pilot program instituting a clinical observa-tion program for pre-med students pre-paring to attend medical school, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2787 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans- Specific Education for Tomorrow’s Health Professionals Act’’ or the ‘‘Vet HP Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PILOT PROGRAM FOR CLINICAL OB-SERVATION BY UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the pilot program described in section 3(a) should be designed to— (1) increase the awareness, knowledge, and empathy of future health professionals to-ward the health conditions common to vet-erans; (2) increase the diversity of the recruit-ment pool of future physicians of the Depart-ment; and (3) expand clinical observation opportuni-ties for all students by encouraging students of all backgrounds to consider a career in the health professions. 
SEC. 3. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PILOT PROGRAM FOR CLINICAL OB-SERVATION BY UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall carry out a pilot program for a one-year period, beginning not later than August 15, 2021, to provide certain stu-dents described in subsection (d) a clinical observation experience at medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (b) M
EDICAL CENTER SELECTION .—The Sec- retary shall carry out the pilot program under this section at not fewer than five medical centers of the Department. In se-lecting such medical centers, the Secretary shall ensure regional diversity among such selected medical centers. (c) C
LINICAL OBSERVATION SESSIONS .— (1) F
REQUENCY AND DURATION .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall— (A) provide at least one and not more than three clinical observation sessions at each medical center selected during each calendar year; (B) ensure that each clinical observation session— (i) lasts between four and six months; and (ii) to the extent practicable, begins and ends concurrently with one or more aca-demic terms of an institution of higher edu-cation (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)); and (C) ensure that the clinical observation sessions provided at a medical center have minimal overlap. (2) S
ESSIONS .—The Secretary shall ensure that the pilot program consists of clinical observation sessions as follows: (A) Each session shall allow for not fewer than five students nor greater than 15 stu-dents to participate in the session. (B) Each session shall consist of not fewer than 20 observational hours nor greater than 40 observational hours. (C) A majority of the observational hours shall be spent observing a health profes-sional. The other observational hours shall be spent in a manner that ensures a robust, well rounded experience that exposes the students to a variety of aspects of medical care and health care administration. (D) Each session shall provide a diverse clinical observation experience. (d) STUDENTS .— (1) S
ELECTION .—The Secretary shall select to participate in the pilot program under subsection (a) students who are— (A) nationals of the United States; (B) enrolled in an accredited program of study at an institution of higher education; and (C) referred by their institution of higher education following an internal application process. (2) P
RIORITY .—In making such selection, the Secretary shall give priority to each of the following five categories of students: (A) Students who, at the time of the com-pletion of their secondary education, resided in a health professional shortage area (as de-fined in section 332 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254e)). (B) First generation college students (as defined in section 402A(h)(3) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a))). (C) Students who have been referred by mi-nority-serving institutions (as defined in sec-tion 371(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a))). (D) Veterans (as defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code). (E) Students who indicate an intention to specialize in a health professional occupa-tion identified by the Inspector General of the Department under section 7412 of title 38, United States Code, as having a staffing shortage. (3) A
SSIGNMENT TO MEDICAL CENTERS .—The Secretary shall assign students selected under paragraph (1) to medical centers se-lected under subsection (b) without regard for whether such medical centers have staff-ing shortages in any health professional oc-cupation pursuant to section 7412 of title 38, United States Code. (e) O
THER MATTERS .—In carrying out the pilot program under this section, the Sec-retary shall— (1) establish a formal status to facilitate the access to medical centers of the Depart-ment by student observers participating in the pilot program; (2) establish standardized legal, privacy, and ethical requirements for the student ob-servers, including with respect to— (A) ensuring that no student observer pro-vides any care to patients while partici-pating as an observer; and (B) ensuring the suitability of a student to participate in the pilot program to ensure that the student poses no risk to patients; (3) develop and implement a partnership strategy with minority-serving institutions to encourage referrals; (4) create standardized procedures for stu-dent observers; (5) create an online information page about the pilot program on the internet website of the Department; (6) publish on the online information page created under paragraph (5) the locations of such centers, and other information on the pilot program, not later than 180 days before the date on which applications are required to be submitted by potential student observ-ers; (7) identify medical centers and specific health professionals participating in the pilot program; and (8) notify the Committees on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate of the medical centers selected under subsection (c) within 30 days of selection, to facilitate program awareness. (f) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the results of the pilot program, including— (1) the number and demographics of all ap-plicants, those accepted to participate in the pilot program, and those who completed the pilot program; and (2) if participating institutions of higher education choose to administer satisfaction surveys that assess the experience of those who completed the pilot program, the results of any such satisfaction surveys, provided at the discretion of the institution of higher education. 
SEC. 4. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be car-ried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2787, as amended, the Veterans- Specific Education for Tomorrow’s Health Professionals Act. The bill would create a pilot program to pro-vide undergraduate students with a clinical observation experience at the Department of Veterans Affairs med-ical centers. The pilot would give prospective pro-viders a window into the healthcare profession that would help inform their educational paths and careers. It would also provide them an early introduc-tion to both the VA healthcare system and the medical conditions common among our Nation’s veterans. VA has a number of recruitment and retention challenges, one of which is an aging workforce that is increasingly retirement eligible. Given that, it is imperative that VA take every avail-able opportunity to engage young clini-cians and make a concerted effort to attract them to a career serving vet-erans within the VA healthcare sys-tem. This bill is sponsored by the Con-gresswoman from Ohio, M
ARCY KAP-
TUR, and I appreciate her efforts. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.098 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7133 July 24, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2787, as amended, the Vet MD Act. The Department of Veterans Affairs, like the Nation, is experiencing a shortage of healthcare providers. With shortages in areas like mental healthcare and medical administra-tion, it can become increasingly dif-ficult to maintain a facility’s effi-ciency and quality. That is why it is increasingly important to promote medical education and employment within VA as soon in a student’s edu-cational career as is possible. This bill allows VA to capture stu-dents as they complete their premedical undergraduate degrees by offering them the opportunity to shad-ow medical professionals in VA facili-ties. Not only does this create a famili-arity with VA among the students, but allows VA to continue to do one of the things it does best: educate the Na-tion’s future healthcare providers. I appreciate the hard work of my col-league, Representative K
APTUR , and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the Vet MD Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), the author of this bill. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member T
AKANO for his great support and for yielding me the time, and I thank Chairman R
OEvery much for moving this bill through his com-mittee. H.R. 2787, the Vet MD Act, also called the Veterans-Specific Education for Tomorrow’s Health Professionals Act, I am honored to speak on its behalf this evening. The Vet MD Act works to break down barriers and expand opportunities for healthcare professionals to get training to care for our veterans. The bill cre-ates a 3-year pilot program for pre- health undergraduate students to gain clinical observation experience within at least five VA medical centers. Health schools recommend or require clinical observation hours, but there is no formal process to apply for these hours. Opportunities to shadow are limited and are based on where you go to school or whom you know; and stu-dents who attend schools outside major cities, as well as those whose families lack connections to the medical com-munity, find it harder and harder to shadow and are disadvantaged in med-ical school admissions. This places an unfair burden on otherwise qualified students who come from less affluent communities or rural areas. Several years ago, two premedical undergraduate students highlighted to my team the struggles disadvantaged, minority, and other young people who lack personal connections face as they apply for medical school. So I thank Seamus Carragher and Andrew Frank for bringing this serious omission to our attention, and I thank Carrie Swope, my legislative assistant, on this important issue, for her work throughout. Through their own struggle, these students struggled to gain access to clinical observation, experience so crit-ical in medical circles, and they real-ized an immense opportunity was miss-ing. The bill prioritizes students in medically underserved areas; first-gen-eration college students, of which I was one; students referred by minority- serving institutions; and, of course, veterans. The Vet MD Act creates a pipeline for future physicians and medical pro-fessionals and prioritizes training for students who specialize in a health pro-fession where there is a serious staffing shortage. This important step will help narrow the gap and ensure we are training pre-health students in careers that are in demand and necessary. I can tell you, in every hospital sys-tem I represent, there is an unmet de-mand. Thousands and thousands of in-dividuals are needed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 45 seconds to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, impor-tantly, pre-health students in the pilot will gain a deeper understanding of vet-erans’ specific health needs and experi-ences, which is critical for health pro-fessionals who treat veterans, many of whom have complex conditions, as the chair and ranking member know. One of our top responsibilities as a Congress is to ensure that our vet-erans, those who have sacrificed so much for our country and for liberty’s cause, receive high-quality healthcare from highly trained health profes-sionals. This bill furthers that effort, and I am pleased it will get a vote this evening. I thank my colleagues: Mr. T
AKANO , for his diligent work on this bill; Rank-ing Member W
ALZ; and Chairman R OE, for bringing this bill to the floor so ex-peditiously. On behalf of our health professionals, our veterans, myself, and all the cosponsors, I can’t thank you enough. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am pre-pared to close. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I was listening to my friend from the State of Ohio, I was struck by just how the process of legis-lating in this body works, how ideas come from very real people seeking to solve problems through their Rep-resentative. And I watched this legisla-tion move through committee, the gen-tlewoman graciously accepting the changes and approving the bill. I know that my colleague from Ten-nessee, a doctor himself, cares so much about medical education. We worked together on expanding the number of medical residencies. I am delighted this bill has come to the floor so expeditiously. Often, legis-lation takes so much time to win its way through, but an idea that was very worthy moved through and, I think, in record time. So, again, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 2787, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I, too, came from rural America, and I, too, am a first-genera-tion college graduate and had an oppor-tunity to use the public education sys-tem to go to college and medical school. After that, then mentored and taught for over 25 years in medical school, so I had a chance to see young students, and I think this is a fantastic idea. I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for bringing this for-ward. To bring a young person in who has never had a chance to be in that sort of environment and expose them to this, you don’t know what sort of light bulb you are going to turn on in their head to encourage them and men-tor them. And many of them will be-come passionate about medicine, nurs-ing, physical therapy, occupational therapy, audiology, PTSD treatment. I could go on and on. I think this is a great idea. I strongly encourage all Members to support H.R. 2787, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2787, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INCLUDING ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF ACTIVE DUTY SERVICE IN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS VOCATIONAL REHABILITA-TION PROGRAMS Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5538) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inclusion of certain additional periods of active duty service for purposes of suspending charges to veterans’ enti-tlement to educational assistance under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs during periods of suspended participation in vocational rehabilitation programs. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5538 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.099 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7134 July 24, 2018 
SECTION 1. INCLUSION OF CERTAIN ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF ACTIVE DUTY SERVICE FOR PURPOSES OF SUSPENSION OF CHARGES TO ENTITLEMENT DURING PERIODS OF SUSPENDED PARTICI-PATION IN DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS VOCATIONAL REHA-BILITATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 3105(e)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5538. Under current law, if a member of the Guard or Reserve is called to Ac-tive Duty under certain orders while receiving training through the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment pro-gram, the charges for that training are waived. However, those charges are not waived for members of the Guard or Reserve who are called up under orders regarding emergency response or aug-mentation of overseas combat forces. This creates a disparity. H.R. 5538 would address that dis-parity and level the playing field by waiving training charges for all serv-icemembers, regardless of which Ac-tive-Duty orders they are serving under. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1830 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5538, the Reserve Component Voca-tional Rehabilitation Parity Act. This bill protects an overlooked pro-vision related to our National Guard and Reserve servicemembers who are mobilized under 12304b authorities. This bill allows servicemembers to pause the clock on the 12-year limit to use vocational rehabilitation programs while mobilized on Active Duty orders. Currently, this is allowed for mostly mobilization authorities, but this par-ticular authority was overlooked. Sim-ply, the bill adds to 12304a and 12304b authorities to the 12304 provision al-ready listed within the statute. This is an important fix because of the increased use of 12304b authority by the Department of Defense over the past few years, and the increases planned for the future. As we move the Reserve components from a strategic reserve to an operational reserve con-cept, it is critically important that we modernize our statutes to ensure bene-fits parity while servicemembers are in uniform. This is a step in the right di-rection. With this bill, Congress has the op-portunity to be proactive, instead of reactive, to the needs of our service-members. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PETERS for bringing this issue forward and identi-fying a fix. He is a reliable and critical advocate for our country’s National Guard and Reserve servicemembers. I also thank Mr. B
ERGMAN for reaching across the aisle and joining Mr. P
ETERS  in introducing this bill. And I thank the co-chairs of the House’s National Guard and Reserve Components Cau-cus, Mr. W
ALZ and Mr. P ALAZZO , for supporting the initiative. Lastly, I thank the six other members of our committee who were original cospon-sors of the bill, including Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. B ROWNLEY , and Ms. K
USTER . Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. P
ETERS ), a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, the au-thor of this bill, and my good friend. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. T
AKANO for yielding. I appreciate his commitment to improving the lives of veterans, their families, and the communities. The Reserve Component Vocational Rehabilitation Parity Act, my bill before the House today, aims to continue investing in veterans, specifi-cally those still fighting for our Na-tion. Our veterans have served our coun-try, and it is our duty to make sure they can access the resources that they have earned. Many guardsmen and re-servists have realized that they didn’t qualify for all their benefits after the Department of Defense began using their new authority created to call up Reserve components for involuntary service. This new authority uninten-tionally excluded these reservists. Thankfully, Ranking Member W
ALZ and Mr. P
ALAZZO took the lead to fix several of these inconsistencies. We passed a few of these fixes in the For-ever GI Bill last year. This week, we are also passing other bills to make sure benefits are properly extended. One unresolved issue, though, was ac-cess to vocational rehabilitation. This VA program provides access to edu-cation and critical job training that helps servicemembers and veterans de-velop their career plan after service. Vocational rehab helps veterans de-termine transferable skills that will lead to good jobs and what additional skills they need to fulfill their career goals. Upon separation, a veteran must use his or her vocational rehab benefits within 12 years. Any months or years spent deployed should not count against this time clock. Currently, two reservists serving side by side in Active Duty may not have access to the same vocational rehab benefits just because of the authority under which they have been mobilized. Additionally, reservists involuntarily called up may be leaving their family or a civilian job without notice, com-pared to a reservist who volunteered. In both cases, these guardsmen and reservists served honorably in missions to support combat zones. They have earned the same employment and edu-cation benefits as every other reservist throughout their service. My bill, the Reserve Component Vo-cational Rehabilitation Parity Act, en-sures that reservists and guardsmen have access to the full 12 years of voca-tional rehab benefits by pausing the clock during their service. I am happy to have received the sup-port of the National Guard Association of the United States and the Reserve Officers Association in this effort. I urge Congress to pass this bill so that all of our veterans can access the education benefits they earned. Mr. Speaker, I thank General Bergman, who joined me to introduce this bill, and seven of our committee colleagues who cosponsored the bill, as Mr. TAKANO said. I also thank Chair-man R
OE, a wonderful chairman; Rank-ing Member W
ALZ; and the Veterans’ Affairs Committee staff for their stead-fast work to support our Nation’s vet-erans. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their strong support of the bill, and I urge its passage. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5538, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
ETERS for bringing up this much-needed piece of legislation and correcting this inequity. It wasn’t in-tended, but now this Congress has a chance, in a bipartisan way, to correct this. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Mem-bers to support H.R. 5538, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5538. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NAVY SEAL CHIEF PETTY OFFI-CER WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ MULDER (RET.) TRANSITION IMPROVE-MENTS ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.032 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7135 July 24, 2018 
bill (H.R. 5649) to amend titles 10 and 38, United States Code, to amend the Social Security Act, and to direct the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, De-fense, Labor, and Homeland Security, and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, to take cer-tain actions to improve transition as-sistance to members of the Armed Forces who separate, retire, or are dis-charged from the Armed Forces, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5649 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘Bill’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. Definitions. TITLE I—IMPROVEMENTS TO TRANSITION ASSISTANCE Sec. 101. Access for the Secretaries of Labor and Veterans Affairs to the Federal directory of new hires. Sec. 102. Pilot program for off-base transition training for veterans and spouses. Sec. 103. Grants for provision of transition as-sistance to members of the Armed Forces after separation, retire-ment, or discharge. Sec. 104. Study of community-based transition assistance programs for members of the Armed Forces after separa-tion, retirement, or discharge. Sec. 105. One-year independent assessment of the effectiveness of TAP. Sec. 106. Longitudinal study on changes to TAP. TITLE II—EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE Sec. 201. Improvements to assistance for certain flight training and other pro-grams of education. Sec. 202. Elimination of the period of eligibility for the Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment program of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 203. Educational assistance during ex-tended school closures due to nat-ural disasters. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) The term ‘‘TAP’’ means the Transition As-sistance Program under sections 1142 and 1144 of title 10, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘military departments’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. TITLE I—IMPROVEMENTS TO TRANSITION ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 101. ACCESS FOR THE SECRETARIES OF LABOR AND VETERANS AFFAIRS TO THE FEDERAL DIRECTORY OF NEW HIRES. 
Section 453A(h) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 653a(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) V
ETERAN EMPLOYMENT .—The Secretaries of Labor and of Veterans Affairs shall have ac-cess to information reported by employers pursu-ant to subsection (b) of this section for purposes of tracking employment of veterans.’’. 
SEC. 102. PILOT PROGRAM FOR OFF-BASE TRANSI-TION TRAINING FOR VETERANS AND SPOUSES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PILOT PROGRAM .—Sub- section (a) of section 301 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 10 U.S.C. 1144 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘During the two-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the’’ and inserting ‘‘During the five-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘Bill’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvement Act of 2018, the’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘to assess the feasibility and advisability of providing such program to eligi-ble individuals at locations other than military installations’’. (b) LOCATIONS .—Subsection (c) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘not less than three and not more than five States’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than 50 locations in States (as defined in section 101(20) of title 38, United States Code)’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘at least two’’ and inserting ‘‘at least 20’’. (c) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Subsection (f) of such section is repealed. 
SEC. 103. GRANTS FOR PROVISION OF TRANSI-TION ASSISTANCE TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AFTER SEPARA-TION, RETIREMENT, OR DISCHARGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall make grants to eligible organiza-tions for the provision of transition assistance to members of the Armed Forces who are sepa-rated, retired, or discharged from the Armed Forces, and spouses of such members. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS.—The recipient of a grant under this section shall use the grant to provide to members of the Armed Forces and spouses de-scribed in subsection (a) resume assistance, interview training, job recruitment training, and related services leading directly to successful transition, as determined by the Secretary. (c) E
LIGIBLE ORGANIZATIONS .—To be eligible for a grant under this section, an organization shall submit to the Secretary an application containing such information and assurances as the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Labor, may require. (d) P
RIORITY FOR HUBS OF SERVICES .—In making grants under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to an organization that pro-vides multiple forms of services described in sub-section (b). (e) A
MOUNT OF GRANT.—A grant under this section shall be in an amount that does not ex-ceed 50 percent of the amount required by the organization to provide the services described in subsection (b). (f) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall carry out this section not later than six months after the effective date of this Act. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to provide a grant under this section shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date on which the Secretary implements the grant program under this section. (h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 to carry out this section. 
SEC. 104. STUDY OF COMMUNITY-BASED TRANSI-TION ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AFTER SEPARATION, RETIREMENT, OR DISCHARGE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, in consultation with State entities that serve members of the Armed Forces who are re-tired, separated, or discharged from the Armed Forces, shall enter into an agreement with an appropriate non-Federal entity to carry out a study to identify community-based programs— (1) that provide transition assistance to such members; and (2) operated by nonprofit entities. (b) T
RANSMISSION TO MEMBERS .—The Sec- retary of Veterans Affairs shall transmit the list of programs identified under this section to the Secretary of Defense so the Secretaries of the military departments may provide information in the list to members of the Armed Forces who participate in TAP. (c) ONLINE PUBLICATION .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall publish the most recent version of the list of programs identified under this section on a public website of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
SEC. 105. ONE-YEAR INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE EFFECTIVENESS OF TAP. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in con-sultation with the covered officials, shall enter into an agreement with an appropriate entity with experience in adult education to carry out a one-year independent assessment of TAP, in-cluding— (1) the effectiveness of TAP for members of each military department during the entire mili-tary life cycle; (2) the appropriateness of the TAP career readiness standards; (3) a review of information that is provided to the Department of Veterans Affairs under TAP, including mental health data; (4) whether TAP effectively addresses the challenges veterans face entering the civilian workforce and in translating experience and skills from military service to the job market; (5) whether TAP effectively addresses the challenges faced by the families of veterans making the transition to civilian life; (6) appropriate metrics regarding TAP out-comes for members of the Armed Forces one year after separation, retirement, or discharge from the Armed Forces; (7) what the Secretary, in consultation with the covered officials, veterans service organiza-tions, and organizations described in section 203(a) of this Act, determine to be successful outcomes for TAP; (8) whether members of the Armed Forces achieve successful outcomes for TAP, as deter-mined under paragraph (7); (9) how the Secretary and the covered officials provide feedback to each other regarding such outcomes; (10) recommendations for the Secretaries of the military departments regarding how to im-prove outcomes for members of the Armed Forces after separation, retirement, and discharge; and (11) other topics the Secretary and the covered officials determine would aid members of the Armed Forces as they transition to civilian life. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the completion of the independent assessment under subsection (a), the Secretary and the covered of-ficials, shall submit to the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives and the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and House of Representa-tives— (1) the findings and recommendations (includ-ing recommended legislation) of the independent assessment prepared by the entity described in subsection (a); and (2) responses of the Secretary and the covered officials to the findings and recommendations described in paragraph (1). (c) C
OVERED OFFICIALS DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered officials’’ is comprised of— (1) the Secretary of Defense; (2) the Secretary of Labor; (3) the Administrator of the Small Business Administration; and (4) the Secretaries of the military departments. 
SEC. 106. LONGITUDINAL STUDY ON CHANGES TO TAP. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in consultation with the Secretaries of Defense and Labor and the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Administra-tion, shall conduct a five-year longitudinal study regarding TAP on three separate cohorts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.104 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7136 July 24, 2018 
of members of the Armed Forces who have sepa-rated from the Armed Forces, including— (1) a cohort that has attended TAP counseling as implemented on the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) a cohort that attends TAP counseling after the Secretaries of Defense and Labor implement changes recommended in the report under sec-tion 205(b) of this Act; and (3) a cohort that has not attended TAP coun-seling. (b) P
ROGRESS REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the day that is one year after the date of the initiation of the study under sub-section (a) and annually thereafter for the three subsequent years, the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Defense, and Labor, and the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Administration, shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and House of Representatives and the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a progress report of activities under the study during the immediately preceding year. (c) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the study under sub-section (a), the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Defense, and Labor, and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives and the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report of final find-ings and recommendations based on the study. (d) E
LEMENTS .—The final report under sub-section (c) shall include information regarding the following: (1) The percentage of each cohort that re-ceived unemployment benefits during the study. (2) The numbers of months members of each cohort were employed during the study. (3) Annual starting and ending salaries of members of each cohort who were employed dur-ing the study. (4) How many members of each cohort enrolled in an institution of higher learning, as that term is defined in section 3452(f) of title 38, United States Code. (5) The academic credit hours, degrees, and certificates obtained by members of each cohort during the study. (6) The annual income of members of each co-hort. (7) The total household income of members of each cohort. (8) How many members of each cohort own their principal residences. (9) How many dependents that members of each cohort have. (10) The percentage of each cohort that achieves a successful outcome for TAP, as deter-mined under section 205(a)(6) of this Act. (11) Other criteria the Secretaries and the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Administra-tion determine appropriate. TITLE II—EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 201. IMPROVEMENTS TO ASSISTANCE FOR CERTAIN FLIGHT TRAINING AND OTHER PROGRAMS OF EDUCATION. 
(a) U SE OF ENTITLEMENT FOR PRIVATE PILOT’S L
ICENSES .—Section 3034(d) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking the semicolon and inserting the following: ‘‘and is required for the course of education being pursued (includ-ing with respect to a dual major, concentration, or other element of a degree); and’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). (b) A
CCELERATED PAYMENTS FOR FLIGHT  T
RAINING .—Section 3313 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(k) A
CCELERATED PAYMENTS FOR CERTAIN  F
LIGHT TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) P
AYMENTS .—An individual enrolled in a program of education pursued at a vocational school or institution of higher learning in which flight training is required to earn the degree being pursued (including with respect to a dual major, concentration, or other element of such a degree) may elect to receive accelerated pay-ments of amounts for tuition and fees deter-mined under subsection (c). The amount of each accelerated payment shall be an amount equal to twice the amount for tuition and fee so deter-mined under such subsection, but the total amount of such payments may not exceed the total amount of tuition and fees for the program of education. The amount of monthly stipends shall be determined in accordance with such subsection (c) and may not be accelerated under this paragraph. ‘‘(2) EDUCATIONAL COUNSELING .—An indi- vidual may make an election under paragraph (1) only if the individual receives educational counseling under section 3697A(a) of this title. ‘‘(3) C
HARGE AGAINST ENTITLEMENT .—The number of months of entitlement charged an in-dividual for accelerated payments made pursu-ant to paragraph (1) shall be determined at the rate of two months for each month in which such an accelerated payment is made.’’. (c) F
LIGHT TRAINING AT PUBLIC INSTITU -
TIONS .—Subsection (c)(1)(A) of such section 3313 is amended— (1) in clause (i)— (A) by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as items (aa) and (bb), respectively; (B) by striking ‘‘In the case of a program of education pursued at a public institution of higher learning’’ and inserting ‘‘(I) Subject to subclause (II), in the case of a program of edu-cation pursued at a public institution of higher learning not described in clause (ii)(II)(bb)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(II) In determining the actual net cost for in- State tuition and fees pursuant to subclause (I), the Secretary may not pay for tuition and fees relating to flight training.’’; and (2) in clause (ii)— (A) in subclause (I), by redesignating items (aa) and (bb) as subitems (AA) and (BB), re-spectively; (B) in subclause (II), by redesignating items (aa) and (bb) as subitems (AA) and (BB), re-spectively; (C) by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as items (aa) and (bb), respectively; (D) by striking ‘‘In the case of a program of education pursued at a non-public or foreign in-stitution of higher learning’’ and inserting ‘‘(I) In the case of a program of education described in subclause (II)’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(II) A program of education described in this subclause is any of the following: ‘‘(aa) A program of education pursued at a non-public or foreign institution of higher learning. ‘‘(bb) A program of education pursued at a public institution of higher learning in which flight training is required to earn the degree being pursued (including with respect to a dual major, concentration, or other element of such a degree).’’. (d) C
ERTAIN PROGRAMS OF EDUCATION CAR-
RIED OUT UNDER CONTRACT .—Section 3313(c)(1)(A)(ii)(II) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (c)(2)(E), is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘(cc) A program of education pursued at a public institution of higher learning in which the public institution of higher learning enters into a contract or agreement with an entity (other than another public institution of higher learning) to provide such program of education or a portion of such program of education.’’. (e) A
PPLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided by para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to a quarter, semester, or term, as applicable, commencing on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) SPECIAL RULE FOR CURRENT STUDENTS .—In the case of an individual who, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, is using educational assistance under chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code, to pursue a course of education that includes a program of education described in item (bb) or (cc) of section 3313(c)(1)(A)(ii)(II) of title 38, United States Code, as added by sub-sections (c) and (d), respectively, the amend-ment made by such subsection shall apply with respect to a quarter, semester, or term, as appli-cable, commencing on or after the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 202. ELIMINATION OF THE PERIOD OF ELIGI-BILITY FOR THE VOCATIONAL REHA-BILITATION AND EMPLOYMENT PRO-GRAM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3103 of title 38, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 31 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 3103. 
SEC. 203. EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE DURING EX-TENDED SCHOOL CLOSURES DUE TO NATURAL DISASTERS. 
Section 3680 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) S
CHOOL CLOSURE DURING NATURAL DIS-
ASTERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An individual described in paragraph (2) shall be entitled to a monthly sti-pend in the amount to which the individual would be entitled were the individual pursuing a course of education at an institution of higher education through resident training but for a school closure described under paragraph (4). ‘‘(2) I
NDIVIDUAL DESCRIBED .—An individual described in this paragraph is an individual pursuing a course of education at an institution of higher education using educational assist-ance under chapter 32, 33, 34, or 35 of this title, who— ‘‘(A) is forced to discontinue pursuing such course at such institution by reason of a school closure described under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(B) opts to— ‘‘(i) pursue that course of education solely by distance learning; or ‘‘(ii) pursue an alternative course of edu-cation solely by distance learning. ‘‘(3) D
URATION .—The duration of the monthly stipends payable to an individual under para-graph (1) shall be the shorter of the following: ‘‘(A) The period of time necessary to complete the quarter, semester, term or academic period during which the school closure described in paragraph (4) occurs. ‘‘(B) Four months. ‘‘(4) S
CHOOL CLOSURE .—A school closure de-scribed in this paragraph is the closure of an in-stitution of higher education— ‘‘(A) by reason of a natural disaster; ‘‘(B) for a period of time that— ‘‘(i) the institution confirms will last for four weeks or longer; or ‘‘(ii) the institution describes as indefinite and that endures for a period of four weeks or longer; and ‘‘(C) that the Secretary confirms is covered for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(5) N
ATURAL DISASTER DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘natural disaster’ means a spe-cific weather event or earth process, including a hurricane, tornado, wildfire or forest fire, earth-quake, avalanche, mudslide, hailstorm, thun-derstorm, lightning storm, freeze, blizzard, sink-hole, or other disastrous event that occurs as a result of such an event or process, that the President or the governor of a State declares a natural disaster. ‘‘(6) N
O CHARGE TO ENTITLEMENT .—No charge shall be made to the entitlement of any indi-vidual to educational assistance under chapter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.033 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7137 July 24, 2018 
32, 33, 34, or 35 of this title by reason of a pay-ment under this subsection.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5649, as amended, the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘‘Bill’’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Im-provements Act of 2018. One of the most important things our government can do to help our Nation’s servicemembers is to ensure that their transition from military to civilian life is as smooth and seamless as possible. We all know that an ounce of preven-tion is worth a pound of cure, and I know that so many of the problems that veterans encounter later in life could have been mitigated if they had a more supportive and successful transi-tion. I know that the goal of this bill, and of provisions that are aimed at improv-ing the transition period in the House version of the National Defense Au-thorization Act, are to help service-members have as smooth a transition as possible to civilian life. I will allow Congressman J
ODEY  A
RRINGTON of Texas, who is the sponsor of this bill, to go into the specifics of it in a moment. But before I do, I want to thank him, Congressman B
ETO O’R
OURKE of Texas, and all of the mem-bers of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity for taking the time earlier this session to sit down with stake-holders and really examine the transi-tion process from the very beginning and look at the need for improvements. While this bill is a culmination of bi-partisan review and work, it is only a step in the process to ensure a success-ful transition for all servicemembers. I know we will remain dedicated to mak-ing improvements to this process to reach this goal. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
RADY for helping to expedite the con-sideration of the bill today, and I thank Congressman A
RRINGTON for his work. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, House Ways and Means Committee, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On July 12, 2018, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs ordered re-ported H.R. 5649, as amended, the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘‘Bill’’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvement Act of 2018. The bill was referred to the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee with additional referrals to the House Ways and Means Com-mittee and the House Armed Services Com-mittee. Based on our previous consultation, we intend to request H.R. 5649, as amended, be scheduled for floor consideration. To expedite floor consideration, I ask that you forego further consideration of H.R. 5649, as amended. This in no way affects your ju-risdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the House Ways and Means Committee represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on H.R. 5649, as amended, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration to memo-rialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, DAVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, July 17, 2018. Hon. D
AVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROE: Thank you for your July 16, 2018 letter regarding H.R. 5649, the ‘‘Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘‘Bill’’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improve-ment Act of 2018’’ which was ordered favor-ably reported to the House on July 12, 2018. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 5649 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill so that it may move expeditiously to the floor. The Com-mittee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and the Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your sup-port for such request. Finally, would ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 5649. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5649, as amended, the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘‘Bill’’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvements Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee chairman, Mr. A
RRINGTON , and ranking member, Mr. O’R
OURKE , for their bipartisan focus on this issue and the bipartisan way they have crafted this piece of leg-islation and have moved it forward. This bill was generated out of feed-back from our veteran service organi-zation partners, rigorous oversight, and many, many hearings. It includes a number of curriculum changes, expan-sion of services, as well as first steps to making TAP a part of a larger transi-tion effort. It also includes Ms. BROWNLEY ’s Re-duce Unemployment for Veterans of All Ages Act, which eliminates the pe-riod of eligibility for vocational reha-bilitation services. Currently, veterans have only 12 years after their military service to utilize vocational rehabilita-tion services. This removes that dead-line and allows anyone who qualifies for vocational rehabilitation to access those services in perpetuity. It also includes Mr. P
OE’s Veterans Education Disaster Act that provides continued educational assistance to students impacted by natural disasters. This is similar to the benefits that are provided for veterans whose schools suddenly close their doors, in order to ensure that veterans are not struggling while they seek to restart their edu-cation. This would also allow veterans to continue collecting their housing benefits even though their schools closed from natural disasters, and allow them to stop and restart their tuition benefits once their schools re-open. We also pay for this bill by closing a loophole in flight school costs, while also making modifications to law that allows for the unique nature of flight schools. All of these provisions have been crafted to fix issues we have seen in the field, and they will make life a little bit easier for our veterans. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank Mr. O’R
OURKE and Mr. A RRINGTON for these necessary improvements to the Transi-tion Assistance Program. A testament to their work is the broad support they have received from committee mem-bers for this bill, including Ms. K
USTER , Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. E STY. I look forward to their future work on this as they continue to focus on and refine the program. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ), chairman of the Economic Opportunity Sub-committee on the House Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, and my good friend. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I can’t thank the chairman enough for the opportunity to serve with him, Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . I am look-ing out and seeing colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have worked in a bipartisan way to solve problems so that we can better serve our veterans. I have to say, it has to be the most pro-ductive bipartisan committee in all of the United States Congress, and that is refreshing. And there is no worthier customer to serve than those who wore the uniform, those who sacrificed their today so that we could have our tomor-row. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.033 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7138 July 24, 2018 
I think it is notable to remind my colleagues of the work under his lead-ership to produce more than 70 pieces of reform legislation. Seventy bills that have passed the House of Rep-resentatives is no small task. More than 20 bills have become law of the land. Again, I thank Mr. T
AKANO for his leadership, Mr. W
ALZ, and my friends on the other side of the aisle. This is truly a bipartisan committee and effort altogether. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encour-age my colleagues to support my bill, H.R. 5649. It is really not my bill; it is our bill. It is the bill of the committee, and it is the bill of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity. This is a bill that was amended as the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘‘Bill’’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvements Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, again, there is no great-er honor for me than to serve the men and women who served our country with honor and distinction. I am pleased to be here today to debate the legislation I introduced, which I be-lieve will significantly improve the lives of our servicemen and -women who are in transition from Active Duty to civilian life. When our soldiers come home from war, it doesn’t mean that the conflict necessarily is over for them. There is often a battle that continues to rage on inside of them. I think that is a big reason that we see, unfortunately, 20 veterans commit suicide every day in this country. One of those veterans was my good friend and fellow Plainview Bulldog, Bill Mulder, after whom this bill was named. I am so proud that this is named after Bill, and I am grateful to Sydney and their family for allowing us to do so. b1845 Bill was a true American hero who served his country with honor and dis-tinction. However, again, like many of our veterans, Bill returned home from service with an internal struggle, with scars that you couldn’t see with the naked eye, and he was working through his transition to civilian life after 20 years as a combat Navy SEAL. That is tough. I can’t imagine, to think about redefining your purpose and your mis-sion after 20 years of fighting for our freedom in combat as a Navy SEAL. Our country makes a tremendous in-vestment, as Chairman R
OEsaid, in preparing our citizens to be freedom fighters, to be part of the greatest fighting machine in the world, but we only invest a fraction of that helping soldiers in their transition back to ci-vilian life. I have often said, like the gentleman has stated, that an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure. And if we do a better job on the front end in their transition, and especially identi-fying the highest-risk individuals, I think that we can reduce the number of veterans who struggle with unem-ployment, with homelessness, suicide, et cetera. This bill is the result, again, of Mr. TAKANO , Mr. O’R OURKE , my ranking member, my friend and fellow Texan, and it will make the following im-provements: It will improve in the sense that we will engage our Active Duty personnel earlier in the process. We will have a more comprehensive as-sessment, including mental health. We will customize support for them. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. I yield the gentleman from Texas an additional 1 minute. Mr. ARRINGTON. It will not just be a one-size-fits-all, I think, like we have seen in the past. We will also connect them back to community organizations and we will track and we will measure the success and the outcomes so we will know what is working, where we can continue to make those invest-ments. Again, I want to thank my friend and fellow Texan, Mr. O’R
OURKE , for work-ing with me on this package, and Chairman R
OE, and Mr. W ALZfor help-ing bring this forward and to a vote here on the House floor. I am proud to say that this bill is fully offset. It is budget neutral, and I believe it will have a positive impact; in fact, I pray it will actually save lives of our American veterans. I urge all Members to support H.R. 5649, as amended. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The work of this subcommittee is the work of great heart, and I appreciate the heartfelt work that the chairman, Mr. A
RRINGTON , has put forward. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ), my good friend, the ranking member of the Eco-nomic Opportunity Subcommittee, a gentleman with great heart for vet-erans. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the vice-ranking member of the full committee, Mr. T
AKANO , for this time to speak in favor of this bill. As my colleague from Texas, and the chairman of the subcommittee pointed out, by the best estimate of the VA, which many believe is a conservative estimate, every single day in this coun-try, 20 veterans will have taken their lives. The purpose and the function and the dignity that they found as a member of the armed services, as a contributing member of their military unit, where the decisions that they made, the ac-tions that they took, would literally save and determine the outcomes of the lives of their fellow servicemem-bers, to return that level of function and purpose to their lives when they come back to this country and re-integrate within our communities, that is the purpose of this legislation. I want to thank my colleague, the chairman of the subcommittee, for his diligent work on this, by convening stakeholders, veterans service organi-zations, veteran student service organi-zations, members of the VA, the De-partment of Labor, other colleagues from the committee to make sure that we got this right and that we help those servicemembers transition into a life that allows them to give to their full potential once back in their home community, once back in their coun-try. I want to make sure that we do ev-erything we can to ensure the success of this legislation; that we follow the outcome assessments that are provided for in the legislation; that we meet the intention and the purpose that is de-scribed here, so that it is not a boxes checked at the end of a servicemem-ber’s career, but something that is pur-sued with thought, so that when that servicemember reintegrates, they are ready to hit the ground running. Lastly, I want to thank the chairman of the full committee. Some will say that without Tennessee, there would be no Texas. Without Chairman ROE, there would be no H.R. 5649. The fact that you elevated this and that you spent so much of your time personally listening to these veteran service orga-nizations and your colleagues on the committee, I think, helped to make it a much better bill than it would have been otherwise, and for that I am grateful. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ), my good friend, a former member of the committee, and chair of the Subcommittee on Health, also a member of the House Armed Services Committee and the In-telligence Committee. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5649. As a member of the Army Reserve who served in Iraq, I know how dif-ficult the transition to civilian life can be after service for so many of our servicemembers. I still remember the eerie feeling of the quiet and serenity of home life after returning from the battlefield. For those servicemembers who don’t have a clear cut path upon their return to civilian life, there is often a struggle for what I like to refer to as post-nec-essary stress. When you go from being completely necessary, part of a team, part of some-thing big, and you come home and you don’t have that same feeling, it takes its toll on you. It is hard for many servicemembers to actually settle back into civilian life when they get back. This is what this is about. We can combat this problem by en-couraging servicemembers to focus on transition earlier. Even when they first join the armed services, imagine if you were being recruited and you are talk-ing to a recruiter about what you plan to do when you enter the military, and if they also said to you, and what do you plan to do afterwards? If we were plotting a course for your life when in uniform and after. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.106 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7139 July 24, 2018 
So this gives us a chance to mod-ernize our curriculum for those going through the Transition Assistance Pro-gram to ensure that the information they have is timely and specific to the servicemember. I think this legislation is an impor-tant first step to better equip service-members with the skills needed to suc-cessfully transition into civilian life. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. I want to thank the committee, all the members on the committee, and the staff, for pushing this along and doing such a great job of that. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. E
STY), my good friend, and the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in support of H.R. 5649, the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer Wil-liam ‘‘Bill’’ Mulder Transition Im-provement Act of 2018, a bill that will improve the transition process for serv-icemembers returning to civilian life to a life of purpose and meaning. I want to thank my colleagues, the gentlemen from Texas, Mr. A
RRINGTON  and Mr. O’R
OURKE , for introducing this important bill; and for including my own bill, the Job TOOLS for Veterans Act, as a provision within this larger legislation. The Job TOOLS Act for veterans would ensure that veterans of all eras have access to transition assistance classes. The Transition Assistance Pro-gram, commonly known as TAP, was established to help current service-members transition to civilian life with job search and training informa-tion. Prior to the establishment of TAP, very few servicemembers received any job training assistance during their transition at all. We know that access to job training is essential to our mission of ensuring that all our servicemembers land on their feet when they return home from protecting our freedom. And given the transitions that veterans face over the years, especially in a changing econ-omy, these job training programs are especially valuable throughout life; and that is why our bill would allow veterans, no matter when they served, to get access to this crucial assistance. Additionally, it will allow veterans from any service era access to all TAP programs and will expand the TAP pro-gram to at least 50 locations across the United States. The men and women who have admi-rably served our great Nation must know that we stand behind them when transitioning from military to civilian life, and that we stand behind them for life. I want to thank Chairman R
OE, Ranking Member W
ALZ, and Vice Ranking Member T
AKANO for their work in getting this important bill to the floor today, for the outstanding bi-partisan work of this committee, which I am so proud to serve on, and for our excellent staff. I fully support H.R. 5649, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation, and to stand behind the veterans who will be assisted by this across the Nation. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) a former, very active member on the Veterans Affairs Committee, and a good friend. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5649, the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Offi-cer William Mulder Transition Im-provement Act. In my time on the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Op-portunity, my colleagues and I heard from countless constituents, including Active Duty and separated service-members about how ineffective the Federal Government’s comprehensive Transition Assistance Program was at placing our veterans in long-term, sta-ble employment. Under the leadership of Chairman R
OE and Subcommittee Chairman A
RRINGTON , the subcommittee held a number of roundtables, hearings, meet-ings to receive feedback from all the stakeholders. We heard from DOD, the Department of Labor, Veterans Affairs, community providers and, of course, veterans themselves. One section of this bill that I would like to highlight and thank Chairman A
RRINGTON for including is section 203, which is bill language I introduced last year called the Veterans Armed for Success Act. This section makes grants available to organizations that provide service-members transition assistance of their knowledge, skills, and abilities to pri-vate industry through such means as re´sume´building and interview train-ing, and it is mirrored off an organiza-tion called Operation New Uniform that does just that in my district in Florida. This group has a 97 percent success rate in placing veterans in long-term employment. As we learned through the informa-tion gathering process, a successful transition often relies on the commu-nity supporting our veterans and con-necting with the resources that they need. We should help this and other similar organizations around the coun-try use this model to help our veterans succeed. I strongly commend Chairman R
OE, Chairman A
RRINGTON , Ranking Mem-ber W
ALZ, and all the members of the committee for their incredible work on this important piece of legislation. You all, along with the committee staff and other groups that worked so hard on this, should be proud of the real world impact that this legislation will have. As I now serve as a member of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, I look forward to building on this important work with my col-leagues to ensure our veterans are set up to succeed. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this is a very special piece of legislation to me. I was once the ranking member of this very sub-committee, and I applaud the work of Ranking Member BETOO’ROURKE and Chairman A
RRINGTON . This is a work of great heart, of great compassion, and we all know that we need to improve the transition from military service to civilian life for our servicemembers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5649, as amend-ed, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1900 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I want to close by thanking Mr. A
RRINGTON and Mr. O’R OURKE for bringing this great piece of legislation to the floor. As I was listening to the debate and conversation, it sort of took me back a few years. I recall 53 years ago, when I was a college student, and I buried a very good friend of mine, who was my Scoutmaster, First Sergeant Thomas E. Thayer, who was killed in Vietnam. He won the Silver Star there. He had four children and a family at home. His life was worth, I think, $10,000. I think that is what it was worth. I thought about what it did to his family and how little our country did for our Nation’s heroes at that time, and I fast-forward to what we are doing now. We are mak-ing some things right. I know Mr. A
RRINGTON spoke very warmly of his friend, Chief Petty Offi-cer Bill Mulder, a true American hero, who died. I know when I separated from the military at the end of 1974, got back from Southeast Asia, separated from the Army, there was no transition. It was basically just out the front gate you went, and no one called, checked, whatever. We are much better as a country, and we are much better now, Mr. Speaker, for what we are doing in this bill. I agree with Mr. O’R
OURKE and Mr. A
RRINGTON . I really believe if you put these young men and women back in a job, in school, which we just passed the Forever GI Bill from this committee and the President has signed it into law, all of these things, I think, will make a huge difference in the future not only of these young people who have served our Nation so honorably, but it will also help this country, this Nation. I know, as a veteran and as a person who did not benefit from this, I cer-tainly am more than happy to support this. I think this is a great piece of leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. T AKANO , and others who have helped push this through, and I again encourage all Members to sup-port H.R. 5649, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.108 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7140 July 24, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5649, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GOLD STAR SPOUSES LEASING RELIEF ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5882) to amend the Service-members Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5882 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TERMINATION OF LEASES OF PREMISES OF DECEASED SERVICEMEMBERS WHO DIE WHILE IN MILITARY SERV-ICE. 
Section 305(a) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3955) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
BYLESSEE ’’; (2) in the heading for paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘I
N GENERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘T ERMI-
NATION BY LESSEE ’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) D
EATH OF LESSEE .—The spouse of the lessee on a lease described in subsection (b)(1) may terminate the lease during the one-year period beginning on the date of the death of the lessee, if the lessee dies while in military service or while performing full- time National Guard duty, active Guard and Reserve duty, or inactive-duty training (as such terms are defined in section 101(d) of title 10, United States Code).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5882, as amended, the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act. The death of a servicemember can have a profound impact on their loved ones. Our government should take every measure necessary to help family members through such a time of need. In recognition of that, the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act would amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the SCRA, to allow a spouse of a servicemember who has died due to military service to break their residen-tial lease without penalty within 1 year of the servicemember’s death. Mr. Speaker, paying fees for breaking a lease should be the last thing on someone’s mind when they are con-fronting life without their spouse. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the sponsor of this bill, Congresswoman CHERI BUSTOS of Illinois, for her com-monsense solution to this problem. I also want to thank Ranking Member W
ALZand his staff for their suggestion to improve the bill by including in it a provision that would extend protection to surviving spouses of members of the National Guard and Reserve whose death occurred while on Active-Duty orders. We should recognize the service of all servicemembers on Active-Duty orders, and I am glad the amended version of this bill includes that provision. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5882, as amended, the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act. Mr. Speaker, I would like to first start by thanking the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ) for drafting this bill. It would allow the spouse of a servicemember to terminate their lease after the death of the servicemember. Oftentimes, servicemembers and their families are required to move far away from home due to the needs of the service and where the servicemem-ber is stationed. In the difficult time after the passing of a servicemember, spouses should not be stuck in a lease far away from their home and support network. This may seem like a small detail, but it is something that can make life just a little bit easier in a very trying time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for working with us on including National Guard and Reserve servicemembers who are killed while on duty. As we move the Reserve components from a Strategic Reserve to an Oper-ational Reserve concept, we are seeing too many deaths of National Guards-men and -women and reservists while they are in uniform. It is critically im-portant that we modernize our statutes to ensure benefits parity while service-members are in uniform. Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ), for working on this issue and Mr. W
ENSTRUP for joining her in introducing the bill. I would also like to thank our fellow committee members, Ms. K
USTER , Ms. B ROWNLEY , and Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N, for cospon-soring this bill and raising the profile of this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ). He spoke a mo-ment ago. He has previously served as chair of the Health Subcommittee of the House Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act, legislation that I am proud to have introduced alongside my colleague Congresswoman B
USTOS , and I thank her for bringing this situa-tion to my attention so that we could bring this forward. Part of our Nation’s commitment to our men and women in uniform is a commitment to their families, espe-cially if they endure the loss of life in the line of duty. As Gold Star families grieve, they should have the freedom to relocate to fit their family’s needs. Sadly, that is all too often not the case. Cindy Southern, a native of Ports-mouth, Ohio, lost her husband while he was serving in the Navy overseas dur-ing the first Desert Storm war. As she grieved, all she wanted to do was move home, but she had signed a 1-year lease on a home in North Carolina. Her land-lords refused to waive her lease with-out massive termination fees. Cindy has suffered enough. Others have as well. This legislation would protect Gold Star families by ensuring they are not trapped in a jointly held residential lease after the death of a servicemember. They have grieved enough. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Mrs. B
USTOS ), my good friend and the author of this bill. Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the Gold Star Spouses Leas-ing Relief Act. This bipartisan bill would support the widows and wid-owers of our fallen heroes by allowing them to terminate residential leases without penalty in the wake of a serv-icemember’s death. This issue first came to my attention when I met a Gold Star spouse, Kylie Riney of Farmington, Illinois, which is in a central part of the congressional district that I serve. Kylie’s life was forever changed on October 19, 2016, when her husband, Sergeant Douglas Riney, tragically died defending our freedom in Kabul, Afghanistan. Kylie and her two young children, James and Elea, were living in Texas at the time. This is their beautiful family before tragedy hit. They had moved there when Sergeant Riney was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.111 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7141 July 24, 2018 
assigned to Fort Hood before deploying in support of Operation Freedom’s Sen-tinel. After her husband’s death, Kylie chose to be back in Illinois with her family, surrounded by those whom she loves and love her so they could mourn together this inconceivable loss. But in the wake of this tragedy, their landlord refused to allow Kylie to terminate the lease that she and her husband had signed—I mean, it is just hard to even get those words out—refused to allow them to get out of their lease. The families of our fallen heroes have already sacrificed far too much, and we should do everything in our power to ensure grieving spouses receive the support that they need. For this rea-son, I was proud to introduce this com-monsense, bipartisan bill, the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league, Congressman B
RAD WENSTRUP , who is also an Army Reserve officer and a physician, who helped introduce this with me. I would also like to thank Chairman R
OEand Ranking Member T
IMWALZ for their work in bringing this to the floor. Currently, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act protects servicemembers from lease termination fees when they deploy or receive a permanent change of station. Our legislation narrowly ex-tends that law’s residential leasing protections to the surviving spouses of servicemembers who are killed while serving their country. Ranking Member W
ALZhelped ensure the bill would protect all these fami-lies, including those who lose a mem-ber of the National Guard or Reserves. He has been a tireless advocate for the National Guard in Congress, and it is a pleasure to be able to work with him. I can hardly think of anything worse than taking advantage of a grieving widow or widower whose spouse made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this bill to ensure this does not happen again. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers. I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5882, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from Illinois for introducing this important piece of legislation. I am dumbfounded that we have land-lords who would not recognize the situ-ation of a fallen soldier, but this law is necessary, and I urge all my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I, too, associate my comments with Mr. T
AKANO . I grew up in a military town, Clarks-ville, Tennessee, where, during the Vietnam war, I saw all too many fami-lies broken apart, had to move. I find it almost unimaginable that a landlord would insist that somebody not sepa-rate, not do this when they have lost a spouse. That beautiful family that she showed, their lives are changed forever, and the last thing that young widow needed to worry about was that. She needed to take care of those children, to explain why their father was not coming home or, in another case, their mother might not be coming home. Mr. Speaker, I can’t think of any bill that deserves the support more than this one does, and I encourage all Mem-bers to support H.R. 5882, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GAETZ ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House sus-pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5882, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VA HOSPITALS ESTABLISHING LEADERSHIP PERFORMANCE ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5864) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish quali-fications for the human resources posi-tions within the Veterans Health Ad-ministration of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5864 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Hos-pitals Establishing Leadership Performance Act’’. 
SEC. 2. QUALIFICATIONS FOR HUMAN RE-SOURCES POSITIONS WITHIN THE VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRA-TION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF QUALIFICATIONS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall— (1) establish qualifications for each human resources position within the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs; (2) establish standardized performance metrics for each such position; and (3) submit to Congress a report containing the qualifications and standardized perform-ance metrics established under paragraphs (1) and (2). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the establishment of the qualifications and performance metrics under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate a report containing— (1) a description of the implementation of such qualifications and performance metrics; and (2) an assessment of the quality of such qualifications and performance metrics. SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be car-ried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. b1915 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5864, the VA Hospitals Estab-lishing Leadership Performance Act, or the VA HELP Act. The significant recruitment and re-tention challenges facing the VA healthcare system are nothing new. One of my priorities as chairman has been to help the VA address those chal-lenges and attract high-quality clini-cians and support staff to VA medical facilities. To that end, I have worked to see two major pieces of legislation— the VA Choice and Quality Employ-ment Act, and the VA Mission Act— signed into law this Congress include extensive improvements to the VA’s hiring authorities. However, those improvements will not be nearly as effective as they could be if the HR professionals that are ad-ministering them aren’t operating at the top of their game. Unfortunately, the committee has found several in-stances where it appeared that some HR staff working in VA medical facili-ties had substandard education and professional backgrounds, including one HR director at a VA medical center who lacked both a college degree and relevant work experience. To prevent that, the VA HELP Act would require the VA to establish qual-ification standards and standardized performance metrics for HR within the VHA. To ensure transparency and to aid the committee in our ongoing over-sight efforts, it would also require the VA to provide Congress with a copy of those qualification standards and per-formance metrics, as well as require the Government Accountability Office to conduct an assessment of them. I wholeheartedly believe that this bill will result in better staffed VA medical facilities, and, therefore, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.113 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7142 July 24, 2018 
more accessible VA healthcare system for our Nation’s heroes. I am grateful to the sponsor of the VA HELP Act, my colleague and friend, Congressman M
IKEBOSTof Illi-nois. M
IKEis the chairman of the Sub-committee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, a tireless advo-cate for veterans and their families, and, I might add, a veteran himself. Mr. Speaker, I thank him for his leadership on this bill. I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5864, as amended, the VA Hospitals Es-tablishing Leadership Performance Act, or VA HELP Act. Due to nationwide shortages, nuanced certification and licensing re-quirements, and complex position de-scriptions, human resource profes-sionals working in the healthcare in-dustry must possess a unique set of skills and qualifications. Human resource professionals work-ing within the VA must further develop their skills while learning how to le-verage the many hiring initiatives, budgetary concerns, and Federal re-sources in a way that can compete with the private sector’s financial incen-tives. The VA HELP Act is an effort to as-sist the VA in finding the unique talent it needs to fill these health-specific human resource officers by requiring the VA to establish qualifications and standardized performance metrics for each human resource position within VHA. By further defining the human re-source positions within VHA and standardizing performance metrics, the VA will be able to more easily to at-tract, access, and retain quality human resource officers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST), the chairman of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Af-fairs Subcommittee, who also is a Ma-rine veteran who has drunk from the Devil Dog fountain at Belleau Wood. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. As all of us here know today, the mission of the Department of Veterans Affairs is the care for those who have borne the battle. When our heroes transition from the military, they deserve to have access to quality healthcare and services. Un-fortunately, the VA continues to fall short on the promises, due, in part, to failures in human resource offices. This issue hit close to home for me after the VA National Center for Patient Safety surveyed the Marion VA Medical Cen-ter in my district. The Marion survey showed a decline in key factors, such as communication between management and staff, and re-porting problems to management. The Veterans Affairs’ Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations staff then visited Marion in order to get a first-hand look at the issues at the facility. During that site visit, multiple em-ployees raised concerns about poor management, poor communication, distrust between leadership and man-agement, and the lack of account-ability. Despite several efforts to en-courage the VA headquarters leader-ship to address these problems, limited actions have been taken, and my office continues to receive complaints. The common thread throughout has been the issue in the human resource department. HR management is a crit-ical part of delivering quality healthcare. HR is responsible for re-cruiting and retaining highly qualified professionals, and the current status quo within the VHA’s HR offices can-not continue. That is why I introduced H.R. 5854, the VA HELP Act, with Representative SINEMA . This bipartisan, straight-forward legislation instructs the VA Secretary to establish qualifications for HR positions within the VHA, and to set performance metrics for these positions. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members of the House to support H.R. 5864 to ensure that our Nation’s veterans are being provided the best possible care from VA employees. I thank the chairman of the committee, Chairman R
OE, and Ranking Member T
AKANO for sup-porting this. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5864, as amend-ed, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 5864, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5864, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
VETERANS SERVING VETERANS ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5938) to amend the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to es-tablish a vacancy and recruitment database to facilitate the recruitment of certain members of the Armed Forces to satisfy the occupational needs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish and implement a training and certification program for intermediate care technicians in that Department, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5938 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. RECRUITMENT DATABASE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Section 208 of the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act (Public Law 115–46; 38 U.S.C. 701 note) is amended as follows: (1) In subsection (a)— (A) in the matter proceeding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a single database’’ and inserting ‘‘and maintain a single searchable database (to be known as the ‘Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs Recruitment Data-base’)’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (C) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) with respect to each vacant position under paragraphs (1) and (2)— ‘‘(A) the military occupational specialty or skill that corresponds to the position, as de-termined by the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense; and ‘‘(B) each qualified member of the Armed Forces who may be recruited to fill the posi-tion before such qualified member of the Armed Forces has been discharged and re-leased from active duty.’’. (2) By redesignating subsections (b), (c), and (d) as subsections (f), (g), and (h), respec-tively. (3) By inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—Subject to subsection (c), the database established under subsection (a) shall include, with re-spect to each qualified member of the Armed Forces, the following information: ‘‘(1) The name and contact information of the qualified member of the Armed Forces. ‘‘(2) The date on which the qualified mem-ber of the Armed Forces is expected to be discharged and released from active duty. ‘‘(3) Each military occupational specialty currently or previously assigned to the qualified member of the Armed Forces. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY .—Information in the database shall be available to offices, offi-cials, and employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs to the extent the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines appropriate. ‘‘(d) E
XPEDITED HIRING PROCEDURES .—The Secretary shall hire qualified members of the Armed Forces who apply for vacant posi-tions listed in the database established under subsection (a) without regard to the provi-sions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(e) R
ELOCATION BONUS .—The Secretary may authorize a relocation bonus, in an amount determined appropriate by the Sec-retary and subject to the same limitations as in the case of the authority provided under section 5753 of title 5, to any qualified mem-ber of the Armed Forces who has accepted a position listed in the database established under subsection (a).’’. (4) In subsection (g)(1), as redesignated in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (g)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.116 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7143 July 24, 2018 
(5) In subsection (h), as redesignated in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘of the Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018, and annually thereafter’’. (6) By adding after subsection (h), as redes-ignated in paragraph (2), the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFIED MEMBER OF THE ARMED  F
ORCES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘qualified member of the Armed Forces’ means a member of the Armed Forces— ‘‘(1) described in section 1142(a) of title 10; ‘‘(2) who elects to be listed in the database established under subsection (a); and ‘‘(3) who has been determined by the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, to have a military occupational spe-ciality that corresponds to a vacant position described in subsection (a).’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a plan to implement, including a timeline, section 208 of the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act (Public Law 115–46; 38 U.S.C. 701 note), as amended by this sec-tion. 
SEC. 3. INTERMEDIATE CARE TECHNICIAN TRAINING PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall implement a program to train and certify covered veterans to work as intermediate care technicians in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. (b) L
OCATIONS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish centers at medical facilities of the Department selected by the Secretary for the purposes of carrying out the program under subsection (a). (2) S
ELECTION OF MEDICAL FACILITIES .—In selecting a medical facility of the Depart-ment under this subsection to serve as a cen-ter, the Secretary shall consider— (A) the experience and success of the facil-ity in training intermediate care techni-cians; and (B) the availability of resources of the fa-cility to train intermediate care technicians. (c) C
OVERED VETERAN DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a veteran whom the Secretary determines served as a basic health care technician while serving in the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 4. NO AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-TIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 208 of the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act (Public Law 115–46; 38 U.S.C. 701 note), as amended by section 2 of this Act, or to carry out section 3 of this Act. Such sections shall be carried out using amounts otherwise au-thorized to be appropriated for such purpose. 
SEC. 5. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5938, as amended, the Veterans Serving Veterans Act. This bill is spon-sored by my friend and fellow com-mittee member, the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss JENNIFFER  G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N). Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful for her hard work and leadership on this bill on behalf of our Nation’s veterans in Puerto Rico and across the country. The Veterans Serving Veterans Act contains two provisions that would help alleviate staffing shortages at the Department of Veterans Affairs med-ical facilities and create employment opportunities for servicemembers sepa-rating from the Armed Forces. First, it would expand VA’s recruit-ing database to include information about soon-to-be separated service-members whose military training and experience match open positions with-in the VA healthcare system. It is com-mon sense. Second, it would expand an existing pilot program that recruits former medics to serve as intermediate care technicians in VA medical facilities. We all know that, all other things being equal, veterans prefer being seen and treated by their peers. This bill would create a pathway for that to happen more often, while addressing the serious recruitment issues that continue to hamper VA medical facili-ties coast to coast. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5938, as amended, the Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018. Veterans exit the military with the highest quality of education and expe-rience in their respective fields. We, along with the private sector, have worked diligently to ensure service-members are able to translate their skills to the private industry. However, this bill takes our efforts a step further by allowing the VA to create a search-able vacancy and recruitment database containing each VA vacancy and the corresponding military occupation code or skill that corresponds to the positions. The database will also allow inter-ested servicemembers to opt in to be included in the database, so that the VA may begin recruiting transitioning servicemembers to fill vacant positions before their discharges are complete. In addition to the creation of the database, the bill also allows the Sec-retary to create a pilot program to train servicemembers who served as basic healthcare technicians while serving in the Armed Forces to be trained as intermediate care techni-cians at the VHA. By creating a pipeline from service to bedside, the VA can better treat the 9 million veterans who depend on its services. I appreciate the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N) for her hard work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, before I yield to our next speaker, I want to tell Members about this young woman. She represents the island of Puerto Rico, and before one of the hur-ricanes hit, I called her on the phone just moments before the hurricane. I was amazed that I even got through. Following that, we led a group. I came to visit the hospital and the is-land of Puerto Rico, and the passion that she shows for the people she rep-resents, and the passion she shows for veterans, is second to none. I wanted to pass that along. I saw something in this young woman down there that I had not seen before I vis-ited her beautiful island. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N), a member of the Veterans Affairs’ Committee. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OEfor, first of all, visiting the island. This is the first time ever the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs ever visited Puerto Rico. I thank the gentleman for that, for his leadership, and for his commitment, and the ranking mem-ber’s commitment, during the last months. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of my bill, H.R. 5938, the Vet-erans Serving Veterans Act of 2018. This bill seeks to alleviate chronic staffing shortages that currently affect the Department of Veterans Affairs, which hinders their ability to serve our veterans in an effective and timely manner. This issue never fails to come up dur-ing those meetings with veterans resid-ing in Puerto Rico and is often dis-cussed by my colleagues here in the House. H.R. 5938 seeks a remedial op-tion to this issue by doing two things. First, amending section 208 of the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017 to include the military occupa-tional specialties of soon-to-be dis-charged servicemembers that cor-respond to vacant positions at the VA in the recruiting database, as well as servicemembers’ contact information and the date of discharge. Inclusion in the database is completely optional for those servicemembers. If included, they will potentially be matched for vacant positions at the VA that cor-respond with the skills they acquired with the Department of Defense. Second, the bill will also require the VA to implement a program to train 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.036 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7144 July 24, 2018 
and certify former Department of De-fense healthcare technicians as inter-mediate care technicians, ICTs, to ad-dress the large demand for healthcare providers at the Veterans Health Ad-ministration. These very skilled technicians trained by the DOD have difficulty gaining employment in their field after separating from the Armed Forces due to the lack of a certification. At the same time, the VHA has a significant shortage of providers. The ICT program has a high satisfaction rate and helps fill this void. Servicemembers are a remarkable asset upon transitioning from the De-partment of Defense. We should do ev-erything we can do to foster this tran-sition and facilitate this opportunity to our men and women in uniform to serve our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I need to again thank Chairman R
OEfor his leadership. For me, it is an honor to serve on this com-mittee with a gentleman who has this commitment and who works in a bipar-tisan manner with Ranking Member W
ALZ and Congressman T AKANO . I thank the gentlemen for their support. It is an honor to improve so many bills like this with these amendments. Their leadership and assistance in moving this bill forward make us all proud, so I urge all my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill. b1930 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5938, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 5938, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5938, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS CREATION OF ON-SITE TREATMENT SYSTEMS AFFORD-ING VETERANS IMPROVEMENTS AND NUMEROUS GENERAL SAFE-TY ENHANCEMENTS ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5974) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use on-site regu-lated medical waste treatment systems at certain Department of Veterans Af-fairs facilities, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5974 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Creation of On-Site Treatment Systems Affording Veterans Im-provements and Numerous General Safety Enhancements Act’’ or the ‘‘VA COST SAV-INGS Enhancements Act’’. 
SEC. 2. USE OF ON-SITE REGULATED MEDICAL WASTE TREATMENT SYSTEMS AT DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FACILITIES. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF FACILITIES .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall identify Department of Veterans Affairs facilities that would benefit from cost savings associ-ated with the use of an on-site regulated medical waste treatment system over a five- year period. (b) R
EGULATED MEDICAL WASTE COSTANAL-
YSIS MODEL .—For purposes of carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall develop a uniform regulated medical waste cost anal-ysis model to be used to determine the cost savings associated with the use of an on-site regulated medical waste treatment system at Department facilities. Such model shall be designed to calculate savings based on— (1) the cost of treating regulated medical waste at an off-site location under a contract with a non-Department entity, compared to (2) the cost of treating regulated medical waste on-site, based on the equipment speci-fication of treatment system manufacturers, with capital costs amortized over a ten-year period. (c) I
NSTALLATION .—At each Department fa-cility identified under subsection (a), the Secretary shall secure, install, and operate an on-site regulated medical waste treat-ment system. (d) U
SE OF BLANKET PURCHASE AGREE -
MENT .—Any medical waste treatment system purchased pursuant to this section shall be purchased under the blanket purchase agree-ment known as the ‘‘VHA Regulated Medical Waste On-Site Treatment Equipment Sys-tems Blanket Purchase Agreement’’ or any successor, contract, agreement, or other ar-rangement. (e) R
EGULATED MEDICAL WASTE DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘regulated medical waste’’ has the meaning given such term under section 173.134(a)(5) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, concerning regulated medical waste and infectious substances, or any successor regulation, except that, in the case of an applicable State law that is more expansive, the definition in the State law shall apply. 
SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be car-ried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5974, as amended, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Creation of On-Site Treatment Systems Affording Veterans Improvements and Numerous General Safety Enhancements, or, per-haps the most creative naming of a bill since I have been in Congress, the VA COST SAVINGS Enhancements Act. This bill will require VA to identify facilities that could benefit from onsite medical waste management and, in those facilities, install and operate on-site medical waste treatment capabili-ties. The World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention both consider onsite med-ical waste management to be a best practice. However, only a relatively small percentage of VA medical facili-ties have installed onsite sterilization equipment to date. By considering which VA medical fa-cilities could find value in onsite med-ical waste management and making a deliberate effort to transition those fa-cilities away from off-site medical waste management arrangements, VA could achieve considerable savings of taxpayer dollars that could, in turn, be used to fund other VA initiatives. It would also result in more VA facilities utilizing a waste disposal method that is both safer and more environmentally friendly. This bill is sponsored by Congress-man JEFFDENHAM from California, and I thank him for bringing this issue to the committee’s attention. I applaud the gentleman for his creativity in coming up with an acronym for a bill of this size. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to join me in supporting it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5974, as amended, the Department of Veterans Affairs Creation of On-Site Treatment Systems Affording Veterans Improvements and Numerous General Safety Enhancements Act, otherwise known as the VA COST SAVINGS En-hancements Act. Mr. Speaker, the current funding issues currently surrounding VA are evidence of the need for creative cost savings measures. I must thank Rep-resentative D
ENHAM in identifying and championing one such creative solu-tion. The VA COST SAVINGS Enhance-ments Act simply asks VHA to review its current medical waste disposal sys-tem and determine whether hosting this disposal onsite would result in cost savings over the next 5 years. If so, then the facility is required to im-plement onsite disposal. Onsite medical waste disposal is safer and far more efficient in most cases, and this bill would simply require VHA to ensure they are achieving the safest and most cost-effective method of med-ical waste disposal. Again, I thank Representative D
ENHAM for his work on the bill, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.119 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7145 July 24, 2018 
urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ), who is my friend and a fellow veteran. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their support of H.R. 5974, the VA COST SAVINGS Enhancements Act. This bipartisan bill improves care for our veterans. It also ensures that the VA is using the latest cost-saving tech-nology. It directs the VA to install on-site medical waste treatment systems in facilities where this will result in a cost savings within 5 years. System-wide, this will save the VA millions of dollars each year and directly improve safety and healthcare for our veterans. In addition to the significant cost savings, this technology is safer and in-creases crisis readiness. Safety is para-mount when caring for our vets, and treating waste onsite prevents the spread of dangerous infections. Both the CDC and the World Health Organi-zation recommend this technology, and this policy brings the VA in line with recommended practices for private medicine. Likewise, in the event of an earth-quake or a wildfire, which we saw in California, transportation infrastruc-ture can be compromised and prevent hazardous waste from being trucked to a disposal site or through a city. We need to make sure that this is handled onsite. In a disaster scenario like this, treating waste is critical to preventing an outbreak and keeping the facility actually up and running without huge backloads of the waste. Our veterans deserve the highest quality of care. This technology im-proves crisis-readiness and is safer, more efficient, more cost effective, and more environmentally friendly than traditional medical waste disposal. In-stalling these machines will imme-diately begin saving the VA millions of dollars per year and directly improve care for our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5974. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I ask my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5974, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers. At this time, I want to thank both minority and majority staffs for the hard work they have done on these eight bills. We once again have shown that we can work in a bipartisan way and close many loopholes that no one ever attempted in previous law or just common sense, like when a spouse has lost their loved one to be free to move along with a cable bill or a lease and other issues that we have dealt with here today. I want to thank Mr. TAKANO , Mr. W
ALZ, the staff on the minority side, and the staff on the majority side for the hard work that they have done on all of these bills. The committee will continue to move forward with other bills later in the year. Mr. Speaker, I once again encourage all Members to support H.R. 5974, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5974, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will recognize Members for Spe-cial Order speeches without prejudice to the possible resumption of legisla-tive business. 
f 
A BETTER DEAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank you very much for the oppor-tunity to address the House. As I often do in these evenings in the Special Order hour, I try to first lay out what it is: what is the purpose, what is the goal, and what is the value in what we are trying to accomplish. I find myself always harkening back to a quote that I saw many years ago, and then more recently found etched into the marble at the FDR Memorial here in Washington, D.C. It comes from Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and he talked about what he was trying to ac-complish and what he thought America ought to accomplish during the Great Depression. His words are equally im-portant during the Great Recession and the years thereafter. He said: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abun-dance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ It is kind of what we are all about as Democrats, and that is why we found the tax cut, the Republican tax cut which no Democrat voted for last De-cember, so profoundly troubling. That tax cut, on top of the 2001 and the 2003 Republican tax cuts, added $2 trillion to the wealth of the top 1 percent of Americans. Let me say that once again. FDR was quite clear in his test of policy. He said: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ The 2001 and the 2003 Republican tax cuts, together with the December 2017 Republican tax cuts, which no Demo-crat in the House of Representatives voted for, added $2 trillion to the wealth of the top 1 percent of Ameri-cans. I suppose that would be okay if the 99 percent had somehow seen their wealth grow. It didn’t happen. In fact, what we have seen in the last decade since the Great Recession is that the great mid-dle class of America and the poor have seen no real income growth. In the last couple of years, yes, there has been a wage increase, about 2 per-cent, totally consumed by inflation, which was slightly more than 2 per-cent—no real income growth. So what is happening here is that we Democrats are proposing a better deal for Americans. Yes, those words are similar to what FDR used. But we are proposing a better deal for Americans, not one that makes the rich richer, al-though that would be fine if the rest of America could also become richer. But that is going to take a change in public policy, and that is what we are proposing to do, because our public pol-icy going forward is going to be about a better deal for the American people. We are proposing, as we go into this election year, that we push aside the Republican proposal, which is essen-tially a better deal for the superrich, and we want to bring about a better deal for the people. Here are the three major elements of that deal: We want to lower our healthcare costs and prescription drugs for the American people. We can do this. Un-fortunately, our colleagues on the Re-publican side of the aisle are going in exactly the other direction. As they have ripped the guts out of the Afford-able Care Act, we have seen the cost of healthcare in America skyrocket. b1945 We have seen the cost of drugs sky-rocket. We want to end that. One of the things we most definitely want to end is what the Republicans are now pro-posing and that is that we go back in America to the bad old days when, if you had a preexisting condition, you could not get healthcare; or, you would have to pay a small fortune just to get an insurance policy. No, we don’t want that, but that is what our Republican colleagues are trying to give us all across this Na-tion—a return to the insurance dis-crimination where, if you have a pre-existing condition, you cannot get healthcare at an affordable price and quite probably couldn’t get it at all. Issue one, the cost of drugs. The 2003 improvement to Medicare part D pro-vided prescription drugs at a reduced cost for seniors. All good. A clause was written into that which prohibited the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.123 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7146 July 24, 2018 
Federal Government from negotiating drug prices for the tens of millions of Americans on Medicare. So we have seen the cost of prescrip-tion drugs soar. We have seen the sto-ries about a drug that was acquired by some rip-off person who then took the cost of that drug from a few dollars per pill to several hundred or several thou-sand dollars per pill. So that is point one. I am going to go down to point three, because I am going to spend time on point two. What we want to do is clean up the corruption of politics in Washington and across this Nation. Just recently, the Treasury Department said that the NRA didn’t have to reveal who its con-tributors were to its dark money pro-gram. Similarly, no other dark money PAC across the State had to reveal who their contributors were. Citizens United opened the floodgates to hidden money, secret money. Mil-lions upon millions of dollars pour into campaigns to influence the effect of those campaigns. So we want to deal with Citizens United. We want to deal with this problem of corruption in our political system. There are many ways we can do it, but until we can deal with it, we are going to continue to see more and more legislation that bene-fits the rich at the expense of the working men and women of America. Now, let me go to this second one here. We want to increase and grow our economy and jobs through an infra-structure program rebuilding America. That will be the central focus of what I want to spend this evening on. So, as we talk a better deal for the American people, we will be talking about healthcare issues, we will be talking about corruption and ending the dark money. We will also talk about rebuilding the infrastructure for America and creating jobs. As we go into this, why is it impor-tant? Why is infrastructure important? I suspect many of you remember just more than a year ago that the greatest waterfall in all the world was created at the Oroville Dam in California, just a few miles upstream from my district on the Feather River. Yes, an infra-structure failure. The Oroville Dam spillway was about to give way, just to the side of this, creating a 30-foot wall of water, because the main spillway had collapsed. I suppose if you are interested in wa-terfalls, this was quite an event. But it was dangerous. Two hundred thousand of my constituents had to immediately evacuate in the cities of Marysville, Yuba City, and Live Oak, and other small communities in that area, for fear that that infrastructure project would fail. Well, it did, but not totally. For the folks in Seattle, Washington, or anybody who was traveling on Inter-state 5 from Washington State to Brit-ish Columbia, it turned out it was a tough day to get there. This is the Interstate 5 bridge. Well, I suppose if you had pontoons or maybe water wings, you could stay on Interstate 5. This is just one example of the tens of thousands of bridges across America that are considered to be unsafe and structurally unsound. This one proved it. A similar bridge in Minneapolis, Min-nesota, in the Twin Cities area, re-sulted in deaths as that bridge col-lapsed. Infrastructure. American infrastruc-ture, according to Duke University and the study they published a couple of years ago, ranks in the Ds. I do think we have one C. This is going to require glasses to try to find the one C in our infrastructure system. Our ports are a C-plus. The rail sys-tems, the private rail systems are a B. The rest of them are Ds and Fs. Roads, bridges, dams, on and on, sanitation systems, water systems. All of us have heard about the prob-lem in Michigan with the water system there. Well, it is repeated in California up and down the Central Valley of Cali-fornia with water systems that are contaminated in multiple ways, as they are in Michigan. So, what are we going to do about it? Well, we have the good fortune of an opportunity presented to us by Demo-cratic leaders. Let me start with a cou-ple of examples of what can be done if we were to Make It In America. Take, for example, an American suc-cess story of Make It In America. The Tappan Zee Bridge in New York, they did it right. They did it with U.S.-man-ufactured steel. It was a $3.9 billion project and 7,728 American jobs cre-ated. Out in California, we do things a lit-tle differently and not always better. You have heard of the San Francisco- Oakland Bay Bridge. Well, they decided that the Chinese steel would be cheap-er. It turned out it wasn’t, and there were thousands of American jobs that didn’t happen. It was $3.9 billion over budget, as that Chinese steel was used. There were 3,000 jobs created in China, and the most modern steel mill in the world to produce steel that was badly welded and flawed in many ways. So, we have a choice: We can make it in America, as New York did with the Tappan Zee Bridge, or you can have it made in China, as California did with the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge, not our proudest moment. For you who are not aware, I am a Californian. I was the Lieutenant Gov-ernor when this disaster was going on. I screamed and yelled and jumped up and down and said, What in the world are you doing? Oh, but it is cheaper. It is supposed to be by 10 percent. Cheap is not always better—an example of what could be done if we were to make it in America. Now, this idea of Make It In America actually started with S
TENY HOYER , our minority whip. I am going to put up a couple of things. He has renewed his program that he and I worked on beginning in 2010. Over the years we have talked about Make It In America. We have talked about various ways it can be done, poli-cies and the like. This Monday, Minor-ity Whip STENY HOYER re-energized Make It In America. I think it is Make It In America 4.0. So we have encouraged entrepreneur-ship by assuring access to workplace benefits like healthcare and retirement security, and providing more and stronger boosts to businesses with ideas and successful businesses. I just came across one of these ear-lier today. I was talking to a friend out in California, Phil Wyatt, a Ph.D. guy who worked out of the University of California, Santa Barbara for some time. He came across a way of using a machine to analyze what is in some-thing—a chemical analysis, an analysis of biological components, and the like. He started a company called Wyatt Technology. It is an analytical machine that is used all around the world. It is used in healthcare. It is used in biology. It is used in chemical analysis and the like. The company is an American company, an entrepreneurship that was devel-oped in this country. There are 88 straight quarters of profitability, and no way in hell is he going to allow the Chinese to steal it from him, even though his equipment is broadly used throughout the world. A great success story, Wyatt Technology. So, where did it come from? Well, it was an entrepreneurial pro-gram. We need more entrepreneurs. We need more entrepreneurs who are out there developing new businesses like Phil did several years back. They can do it. They are going to need support from their government. They need sound tax policy. They need the edu-cation and research that is going on in our universities. They need to be able to accept the risk of starting a new business, wheth-er it is a high-tech business or maybe it is somebody that wants to go out and work at a taco stand. But they ought to be able to have their healthcare and they ought to have their retirement security available to them as they go through that time. So, that is one of the things that Mr. H
OYER has talked about as he renews the Make It In America plan. We are going to hold infrastructure for a few moments and pick up the third element in his plan, which is education, which ties directly to what I talked about with Mr. Wyatt. Wyatt’s business, almost more than a decade old, actually came out of the University of California, Santa Bar-bara, where he was a professor and he was doing research. And so it is the educational system, not only at the high level, but also all the way down the line, promoting pathways for ca-reer opportunities. A lot of this is something you might find in the career technical education field, where a man or woman learns to be a welder and then says, Well, I can start my own welding shop. I can be-come my own boss. So they do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.126 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7147 July 24, 2018 
Or, maybe it is somebody that has learned hairstyling or cosmetics and decides they want to open their own shop. If they are able to have portable healthcare, if they have their retire-ment benefits, they can run the risk of starting their own business. The training programs and education and the research all fit into this focus on education. So Mr. H
OYER has out-lined that as the second element. The third element in the renewal of the Make It In America plan that he and I worked on in the beginning of 2010, and continued working on these many years, is a focus on infrastruc-ture. As I said earlier, as I talked about the failure of our basic infrastructure systems—water, sanitation, bridges, highways, reservoirs and dams—is this problem, also this opportunity. As I said, with this report coming out of Duke University, where they rated the infrastructure systems—as did the So-ciety of Civil Engineers—it is a fact that if we are building our infrastruc-ture system, for every dollar we invest in the infrastructure, we will be able to create 21,671 jobs. And for every billion dollars we invest, we will create those jobs. For every dollar we invest, we will improve the economy by $3.54. b2000 So the return on that $1 investment is 3.5 to 1, so it makes a lot of sense to do that. Besides that, the bridges won’t fall down and the dams won’t crumble. This one is extremely important: re-pairing and rebuilding our aging infra-structure. It also gives us the oppor-tunity to innovate in the infrastruc-ture of the future. Well, as Mr. H
OYER wants to talk about the infrastructure of the future, I want to talk about, for my remaining time here, the infrastructure of the past. You may be aware that America is now a nation that exports a strategic national asset. It is our petroleum products. For fracking and other rea-sons, we are now an export nation when it comes to crude oil, gasoline, diesel, and, above all, natural gas. We have succeeded in turning this around from an importing nation to an exporting nation. Some of these statistics lead me to an opportunity that we could rebuild, reenergize, a critical national infra-structure. We don’t often think about our mari-time industry as being infrastructure, but it really is. It supports, to be sure. And we often talk about ports. We talk about intermodal, from the ship to the port, to the trail, to the train and rail, and then on to the highways. All true, but we often ignore the ship itself. So here we are. The future of Amer-ican shipbuilding actually resides in the export of oil and natural gas. By 2020, the U.S. is expected to be the world’s third largest exporter of LNG, liquified natural gas. Mr. Speaker, 225 LNG vessels are ex-pected to be added to the world fleet by 2020. Those are big ships. There is a lit-tle picture there of one. Due to the eroded capacity of Amer-ican shipyards, not one—none, nada, none—of those 225 LNG ships, vessels, will be built in American shipyards un-less there is a law that requires that just a small part of that export of LNG be on American-built ships. Similarly, oil, I don’t have that up here, but none of the oil that will be exported from the United States will be on American-built ships unless there is a law. So, are you surprised that we are pro-posing a law called the Energizing American Shipbuilding? It is a piece of legislation that I have introduced to deal with a critical infrastructure, the ships that America once had. So, of 225 new LNG vessels, currently 70 percent of those orders are going to Korea and the rest to China, maybe a few to Japan, and none to the United States. So, the legislation called Energizing American Shipbuilding Act, introduced by myself, H.R. 5893, was introduced a few weeks ago. It requires that a cer-tain percentage of the liquified natural gas and crude oil exports be trans-ported on United States-built ships and American-flag vessels, crewed by American mariners, from the captains to the engineers to the seamen, Amer-ican men and women on these Amer-ican-built vessels. A similar bill was introduced in the Senate by Senator WICKER , and that bill also does exactly the same thing. Senator C
ASEY , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. C
OURTNEY , and Mr. W ITTMAN —two Democrats, two Republicans—intro-duced the legislation. In the Senate, one Republican and one Democrat have introduced the very same legislation, bipartisan, bicameral, and, by God, we ought to do it. What happens if we were to do it? Well, let’s look at some of the very simple opportunities that exist. Instead of China and Korea and Japan building the ships for the export of this strategic national asset, let’s do it in America. Let’s make them in America. The Energizing American Ship-building Act, introduced in the House and the Senate this year, if we were to pass this legislation, we are talking at least 50 new ships built in America. Let’s see. That is 3, 6, 9, 12—about 15 of them, LNG ships, would be built here in the United States. And when they are commissioned and they are on the oceans, they would have American mariners on board providing a stra-tegic advantage to our American de-fense policy. I will talk about that a little later. There would be many, many more on the crude oil side, perhaps more than 30. Probably closer to 35 ships would be built in the next decade and a half to two decades, providing, oh, I don’t know, maybe more than 1,500 jobs for American mariners. And we haven’t yet been able to cal-culate all the jobs in the shipyards of America, but we know that, for San Diego, at the shipyards in San Diego, they would be building these ships. We know that they would be building these ships in the shipyards of the Gulf Coast and in the shipyards on the East Coast, particularly in Philadelphia. These jobs would be spread around at the shipyards on the West Coast, the Gulf of Mexico, and the East Coast. And, just as important, the bill would require that the engines, the hy-draulic systems, the pumps, the pipes, the electronics, that those, too, also be built in America. We are talking about a major oppor-tunity to make it in America, to make it in America once again so that Amer-ica can continue to be a major place for the construction of American-built ships, whether those are naval ships, as they are today, required to be built in the United States, or whether they are commercial ships requiring that a small percentage of the export of oil and natural gas be on American-built ships with American sailors. Bottom line: manufacturing matters. So, when Mr. HOYER , our minority whip, talks about renewing the Make It In America agenda and he talks about the necessity for that to be focusing on infrastructure, we put forward that a critical piece of that infrastructure is the American maritime industry—just as important as the trucks that travel our highways, another piece of infra-structure; just as important as the trains that travel the rails, another critical piece of infrastructure; just as important as the barges that move up and down the Mississippi River system on the Ohio, the Missouri, or the Mis-sissippi itself. All of that is infrastruc-ture, as are the airports and the air-lines. We ought to start and always think about the fact that we are a maritime nation and that in our infrastructure we consider the American maritime, we consider the ships and the men and the women who are on those ships. Now, this is a national security issue. TRANSCOM, responsible for moving American military supplies around the world, has stated categorically that, unless we revive our American mari-time industry, unless we have sailors and captains and engineers on ships who are able to transport our military wherever they need to go around the world, we are going to be in a world of hurt. Earlier today, I was talking to one of the officers of Liberty Maritime, one of the American shipping companies, owners of ships that will soon be trans-porting a brigade of Reserve men and women from the United States to Eu-rope as part of our European defense issues. So it becomes important that we deal with the infrastructure of the United States and that we do so keeping in mind that these are American jobs that fulfill this important policy position. This is the value that, as we go about our legislative work here, we keep in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.127 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7148 July 24, 2018 
mind that the test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abun-dance of those who have much; it is whether we provide for those who have too little. Among those who have too little are the working men and women of Amer-ica. And if we carry out this infrastruc-ture challenge, if we make it in Amer-ica, if the steel is American made, if the locomotives are American made— and there is a marvelous example of what can be done with public policy that says, if we are going to build loco-motives for the Amtrak system on the Northeast corridor from Washington, D.C., to Boston, that those locomotives will be American made, with 100 per-cent American-made equipment. Interestingly, when this was part of the American Recovery Act back in 2010, a bill put forward by Democrats and President Obama, there was a re-quirement for $700 million or $800 mil-lion to be spent on American-built lo-comotives, 100 percent American made. A German company said: Whoa, $700 million? $800 million? Locomotives? American made? We could do that. So, in Sacramento, California, Sie-mens, one of the great manufacturing companies in the world, said: Well, let’s see. We make not locomotives, but we do make cars for the transit sys-tems. We can do locomotives. And they did. Just this last week, I got off one of the Amtrak trains from New York City, walked past a gleaming locomotive, brand-new, and on the side it said ‘‘Siemens.’’ I am going: That lo-comotive was made in Sacramento, California, just outside my district, by a German company with American workers, American steel, American wheels, American engines—made in America. How did it happen? Because Congress, with Democrats in control and a Demo-cratic President, said: We are not going to talk about making America great again; we are going to actually pass a law that says this money will be spent on American-made locomotives. And so it was. And now that plant is continuing to expand as they produce cars for transit systems all across this Nation. FDR had it right, and we are going to follow. We are going to make sure that the laws of this Nation actually pro-vide for the working men and women; for those who don’t have a job, an edu-cational program, job training pro-grams, career development programs in community colleges and high schools, apprenticeship programs, so that the men and women of America can par-ticipate in the revitalization of the American infrastructure system. Whether that is a highway, an inter-state freeway, an airport, a dock, or a port, we are going to make sure that the American workers have a chance not only in building the infrastructure, but in using the steel and the concrete and the other elements that go into these infrastructure projects. Those should also be made in America so that that infrastructure program flows way beyond just those who are pouring the concrete to those who are making the cement and making the manufacturing plant that will develop the cement. b2015 This is where we are. And by the way, we want to make sure that tax policy does not do what the Republicans have repeatedly done—2001, 2003 tax cuts and again in the 2017 tax cuts that have transferred $2 trillion of American wealth to the top 1 percent. That is shameful, but that has actually hap-pened. And all the while the rest of Americans have seen virtually no im-provement in their economic situation. Tax policy—critically important. Policy that requires that when we spend your tax dollar, that your tax dollar is spent on American jobs in American factories, putting Americans to work in what we call a ‘‘Make It In America’’ agenda. And so keep this in mind, Mr. Trump, this is how you make America great again, by making it in America. So we can work with our Republican col-leagues, as we are with our ship-building program, the Energizing American Shipbuilding Act. Democrats and Republicans understand, together, that it is public policy. It is the laws that we write that set the pace for eco-nomic growth and spread that growth out across the great American popu-lation so that everyone—everyone can participate in the rebuilding of Amer-ica’s infrastructure, whether it is a ship at sea, a port that is being devel-oped, an airport, a highway or a rail-way, water system, sanitation system, we must write into all of those laws that when American taxpayer money is used, it is spent on American manufac-turing and American workers. So we will make it in America, and America will make it when we follow these kinds of wise public policies, keeping in mind that our task is to make sure that we always focus not on those who have much, but, rather, on those that have too little. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
THE FIGHT TO SAVE AMERICA’S PATENT SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, first and foremost, before I get into the subject that I will be discussing today, let me just note that ‘‘American made’’ is only important if there are Ameri-cans actually in the jobs. Who is the friend and who is the enemy of American workers today? Certainly the party that is permitting massive flow of illegal immigrants into our country in order to take the jobs that are being created is not a friend of the American working people. Let us take a look at why Americans have prospered. We have prospered be-cause, yes, we have technology and we have jobs. But it is also because we have not permitted this massive immi-gration that now seems to be flowing across and has been for the last 10 and 20 years. If we have industries that are going to succeed and jobs that are going to be created, we must first control our bor-ders so that all of the jobs that we hear about being created are given to Amer-icans, not to people who come here ille-gally. It is unfortunate that that part of the debate in how illegal immigration has been bringing down the quality of life, taking jobs away from Americans, that that has not been part of the de-bate that we have heard over the media. In fact, last week, we had an example where the Democratic party members here were unable to support a bill on the floor commending those brave souls who are defending our border and trying to stem the flow—the massive flow of illegal immigration into our country. They couldn’t get themselves to back that. Now, I went to an ICE facility, which is the group in our government that ac-tually runs the facilities and helps us control this massive flow into our country, and the people there, yes, there were over 300 being held, and they were going to be returned. They were doing a good job for us. And the fact is, in California, the Democratic party has gone so far over-board, they won’t even permit local law enforcement—they have actually outlawed—they call it the sanctuary State law—they won’t even let local governments permit them to use their own law enforcement to cooperate with Federal authorities in order to deal with illegal alien criminals. Now, something is wrong here. We can hear all this talk about attacking Republicans as if all the tax money that was saved in this tax bill went to rich people. No, that is not the case. And what is also not the case is that the very jobs that are being created by such programs are going to foreigners who are here illegally, unless we do something about it. So with that said, I would like to get into the issue that I really would like to—that I was intending to discuss today, and it has everything to do also with American prosperity. American prosperity didn’t just happen. So I call this the Fight to Save America’s Pat-ent System. We Americans are blessed to be part of a Nation where average people who live right and work hard can expect safety, a decent standard of living, and opportunities beyond the dreams of those who just struggle to survive in so much of the world—which is also why we have to control the borders. Be-cause we do have a high standard of living in this world and we have this high standard of living for average peo-ple, it is not just a gift from God, but it is also a result of fundamental poli-cies and laws that have governed our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:07 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.129 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7149 July 24, 2018 
land, including immigration laws, I might add, that prevent this massive flow of illegals into our country that we have been having to deal with. Policies were put into place by brave, hardworking, forward-looking patriots over the years who struggled to create this new country, the United States of America. And they put in place funda-mental laws that were aimed at pro-tecting the rights of each and every person in the country. One of those rights, which is often overlooked, was delineated in Article I, section 8 of the Constitution. In fact, considering the fact that the Bill of Rights was added to the document as a package of amendments, it is the only place in the original body of the Con-stitution where the word ‘‘right’’ is used. This is that part of our basic law of the land that mandates that writers and inventors have the right to exclu-sively control their creation for a spec-ified period of time. That is in the Con-stitution. And that specified period of time, which through most of our his-tory was 17 years—17 years for our in-ventors to control and profit from what they have created. Benjamin Franklin probably inserted this into the Constitution without much fanfare, yet it has been a factor that has made all the difference. Ordi-nary Americans have lived good and decent lives here, not necessarily be-cause we have worked harder—because people work hard all over the world— but we have prospered because not only have our people worked hard, but they have had the technological edge. We have multiplied the impact of every hour of labor with machines and equip-ment that existed only as a result of the genius of our people. Progress was shared by all because we have nurtured our inventors, pro-tected their intellectual property rights, and permitted them to profit from their genius. Our standard of liv-ing as a people became the envy of the world, and all this can be traced to a strong, fair, and honest patent system. I have got good news. American in-ventors, the folks who are so often taken for granted, are deeply appre-ciated by the new Trump administra-tion. Secretary Wilbur Ross and the new director of the United States Pat-ent Office, Andrei Iancu—I guess that is how you pronounce that—are mak-ing sure that America’s greatest as-sets, our inventors and our innovators, are protected. This is, of course, a re-versal of what has been going on in re-cent years. The United States Patent and Trade-mark Office, or the USPTO, is the Fed-eral agency tasked with the job of pro-tecting America’s new ideas and in-vestments in innovation and cre-ativity. Over the years, there have been 58 different men and women lead-ing this agency. Our newest USPTO director, Andrei Iancu, shows the promise to be perhaps one of the best in that long line that extends back more than 200 years. Di-rector Iancu has a long history in inno-vation, from his work as an engineer at Hughes Aircraft Company and his legal career that focused on intellectual property litigation. He has assured me personally that he will fight to protect the intellectual property of our inven-tors, and he will demand that account-ability and transparency are hallmarks in the patent office under his watch. His positive commitment is refreshing. That is, to make sure that we have this transparency and accountability that he is talking about is a refreshing con-trast to past office leadership. Most of my colleagues and most of my fellow Americans have rarely no-ticed the conflict that has been quietly raging here in Washington for the last three decades. It has been an ongoing struggle with major impact on the se-curity of our country and the well- being of the American people. Yet few Members of Congress are even aware of how critical this fight is, and because the fight is usually fought in legalese, the American people are unaware of the issues being deter-mined. What I am talking about is an ongoing clandestine attack on Amer-ica’s patent system by powerful multi-national corporations. Their aim has been to gain a free hand to use any technology with no worry of compen-sating the inventor of that said tech-nology. American companies and American workers have succeeded by being on the cutting edge and a notch above for-eign competition. This is because our innovators have been protected by the best patent system in the world. Yet, we hear these calls globally, and in col-lusion with domestic power brokers, demands that we harmonize our system with the rest of the world. If there is any harmonization, it should be the rest of the world rising up to our long-held standards which have been instrumental in enabling our way of life and our country’s greatness. We absolutely should not lower Amer-ica’s standards. But that is exactly what a powerful coalition has been pushing for. And in 2012, with the America Invents Act, they finally were able to undermine significant protections of our patent system. The implications of that law are just now becoming evident. So, for three decades, legislation aimed at weakening America’s patent protection has been pushed and re- pushed, whittling away, and restruc-turing with the goal to diminish the rights of our inventors. This establish-ment thinks these are people who are just in the way. The anti-patent jug-gernaut cabal even managed to change who will be issued a patent. Up until 2012, up until that law, for more than two centuries, the actual in-ventor of new technology was legally considered the rightful owner of the in-vention and thus designated as the re-cipient of the patent for that new tech-nology. This longstanding and commonsense policy was shifted by that 2012 bill so that now, not the inventor, but the first entity to file for the patent gets the patent. Hear that again: The actual inventor doesn’t get the patent. In an age of hacking and predatory corpora-tions, this is a disaster in the making. b2030 Even as we lost ground in the legisla-tive fight to protect our inventors’ rights, there was even less awareness of a change in the way they were doing business inside the Patent Office. There has always been a strict guide-line directing the decisions and actions of the professionals and civil servants the Patent Office. Approval of a patent application was not left up to the whims of those mak-ing the decision. If an application met the requirements, objective criteria, and the proper procedures were fol-lowed, if that happened, the Patent Of-fice employee was mandated to do his or her duty, not to think how they should feel about the economic and so-cietal changes that might be brought about when a new technology is intro-duced, or what groups would benefit and which ones wouldn’t, if this new technology was patented. I am not certain what precipitated the power play, but, in 1994, changes began happening surreptitiously inside the Patent Office itself, even as overt legislative campaigns were taking place to weaken our patent system, and they were being launched on the outside. So you had people working on the in-side and the outside, trying to weaken the patent protection of American in-ventors. A new procedure was quietly made part of the system inside. It was theo-retically aimed at alerting senior pat-ent personnel that a patent with seri-ous consequences was soon to be grant-ed and, thus, given more intense scru-tiny. It was called SAWS, Sensitive Ap-plication Warning System. But, as you would imagine, as soon as this secre-tive new element was added to the Pat-ent Office procedures, it began to have much more of an impact than sup-posedly intended. Unauthorized and hidden SAWS rules and determinations were made that had a major impact on the basic busi-ness of the Patent Office, the issuing or denial of an inventor’s patent. Some Patent Office officials took it upon themselves to violate the clear legal boundaries that were in place specifi-cally to prevent well-intended subjec-tivity from running wild. SAWS had a big impact, much bigger than they ever thought, and it had no scrutiny. So inventors were being skewered from the outside by those legislators mobilized by powerful multinational corporations, and by other special in-terests as well, I might add, and on the inside by an in-the-shadows system that permitted unrestricted consider-ation, no visibility, and no account-ability. It took more than 20 years for this to come to light and officially ended. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.130 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7150 July 24, 2018 
2015, the SAWS program was exposed and made public. And after congres-sional hearings and inquiries, the Pat-ent Office announced the program had been retired. As one senior patent offi-cial told me, ‘‘That program had to go.’’ So it has been an ongoing struggle on the outside and on the inside to main-tain the strength and integrity of America’s patent system. On the legislative side, there is a bi-partisan coalition now, led by dedi-cated Representatives like M
ARCY KAP-
TUR of Ohio and T HOMAS MASSIE of Kentucky. They just introduced H.R. 6264, Restoring America’s Leadership in Innovation Act of 2018, a bill that will, if we can get it enacted, undo many of the legislative setbacks Amer-ica’s patent system has suffered in the last two decades. I am, of course, an original cosponsor of that bill, and I in-vite my colleagues to join me in co-sponsoring it. There is really good news—and here is some really good news—from the ex-ecutive branch. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross is deeply committed to protecting the intellectual property of American inventors. He is willing to fight the good fight to protect us against foreign competitors who would steal our inventors’ genius and use it against our own hardworking people. Secretary Ross is working with our new director of the Patent Office, Andrei Iancu, and he is committed to protecting inventors and creators. Both of them, with President Trump’s guidance and Vice President P
ENCE ’s encouragement, are declaring that the patent system will be totally trans-parent and fully accountable. I might say, Director Iancu has just reaffirmed that commitment in a writ-ten statement to Congress: 
Today, at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, every action we take is on the public record and recorded in a publicly available database. 
So there is reason for optimism that we have turned a corner in our long- term efforts to protect—and, yes, re-claim and maintain and repair—some of the damages that have been done from both the outside attack of our patent system and the inside, out-of- line actions that were taken without oversight or accountability, like the SAWS program. It is not appropriate to cover up or withhold information. It is time to make up for those past errors and to set a path for America’s Patent Office to offer efficient, honest, and totally above-board service. The new director has his hands full. But he has the right game plan: total transparency and full accountability. When it comes to innovation and technology, we are, with our American President, the Vice President, the Sec-retary of Commerce, and the team over at the Patent Office, together, making America great again. So I would ask my colleagues, please, I know this is a complicated issue, we talked to the American people, we know that patent law seems like it should be complicated, but it is not. For someone who invents something, our Founding Fathers put into place a property right for those people who in-vent, an inventor, to be able, at least for 17 years, have control over his or her invention. This has worked well for the United States. It is so sad that, for decades now, they have been trying to under-mine it. But we are reclaiming that today with the Trump administration, the Secretary of Commerce, the head of the Patent Office, and the Vice President of the United States, who are dedicated to protecting the rights of our inventors and, thus, protecting the great standard of living and the safety of the United States of America, which is so dependent on having a techno-logical edge against any competitor or enemy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE PUR-SUANT TO ARTICLE I, SECTION 7, OF THE UNITED STATES CON-STITUTION Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I offer a resolution constituting a ques-tion of the privileges of the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution. The Clerk read as follows: 
H. R ES. 1019 Resolved, That the conference report ac-companying H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activi-ties of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, in the opinion of this House, contravenes the first clause of the seventh section of the first arti-cle of the Constitution of the United States and is an infringement of the privileges of this House and that such bill be respectfully recommitted to the committee of con-ference. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-olution presents a question of the privileges of the House. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 39 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2128 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) at 9 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(a) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–873) on the resolution (H. Res. 1020) waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions re-ported from the Committee on Rules, and providing for consideration of mo-tions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, July 25, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second quar-ter of 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOSH MARTIN, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAY 24 AND JUNE 4, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Josh Martin .............................................................. 5 /25 5 /26 France .................................... ............... .................... 190.00 .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... 190.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K24JY7.132 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7151 July 24, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOSH MARTIN, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAY 24 AND JUNE 4, 2018—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
5 /27 5 /29 India ..................................................... 11,118.00 163.50 .................... .................... (3) .................... 11,118.00 163.50 5 /29 5 /30 Sri Lanka .............................................. .................... 97.00 .................... .............. ...... (3) .................... .................... 97.00 5 /30 6 /1 Philippines ............................................ .................... 270.00 .................... .............. ...... (3) .................... .................... 270.00 6 /1 6 /3 Singapore .............................................. .................... 220.00 .................... ............... ..... (3) .................... .................... 220.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 940.00 .................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... 940.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. JOSH MARTIN, July 2, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1  AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Glenn Thompson ............................................. 5 /24 5 /30 France ............................................. ...... .................... 2,857.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,857.00 5 /30 5 /31 England ................................................ .................... 382.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 382.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 3,239.00 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 3,239.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, July 17, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDE D BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. VIRGINIA FOXX, Chairman, July 12, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS, Chairman, July 12, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Lamar Smith ................................................... 4 /2 4 /5 Chile ............................................. ........ 392,540 645.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 645.83 4 /5 4 /8 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,375.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,375.80 4 /8 4 /10 Colombia ............................................... 1,468,000 524.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 524.29 Hon. Zoe Lofgren ..................................................... 4 /2 4 /5 Chile ........................................... .......... 392,540 645.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 645.83 4 /5 4 /8 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,333.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,333.80 4 /8 4 /10 Colombia ............................................... 1,468,000 524.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 524.29 Hon. Ed Perlmutter .................................................. 4 /2 4 /5 Chile ............................................ ......... 375,521 617.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 617.83 4 /5 4 /8 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,305.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,305.80 4 /8 4 /10 Colombia ............................................... 1,356,000 484.92 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 484.29 Hon. Randy Hultgren ............................................... 4 /2 4 /5 Chile .............................................. ....... 337,837 555.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.83 4 /5 4 /8 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,305.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,305.80 4 /8 4 /10 Colombia ............................................... 1,244,001 444.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 444.29 Hon. Suzanne Bonamici .......................................... 4 /2 4 /5 Chile ................................................. .... 392,540 645.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 645.83 4 /5 4 /8 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,333.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,333.80 4 /8 4 /10 Colombia ............................................... 1,468,000 524.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 524.29 Hon. Randy Weber ................................................... 4 /2 4 /5 Chile ............................................. ........ 392,540 645.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 645.83 4 /5 4 /8 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,333.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,333.80 4 /8 4 /10 Colombia ............................................... 1,468,000 524.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 524.29 Hon. Brian Babin ..................................................... 4 /2 4 /5 Chile ........................................... .......... 392,540 645.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 645.83 4 /5 4 /8 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,333.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,333.80 4 /8 4 /10 Colombia ............................................... 1,468,000 524.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 524.29 Ashley Smith ............................................................ 4 /2 4 /5 Chile ........................................ ............. 392,540 645.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 645.83 4 /5 4 /8 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,375.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,375.80 4 /8 4 /10 Colombia ............................................... 1,468,000 524.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 524.29 Cliff Shannon .......................................................... 4 /2 4 /5 Chile ......................................... ............ 392,540 645.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 645.83 4 /5 4 /8 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,202.56 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,202.56 4 /8 4 /10 Colombia ............................................... 1,468,000 524.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 524.29 Ashlee Vinyard ......................................................... 4 /2 4 /5 Chile ......................................... ............ 392,540 645.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 645.83 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.038 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7152 July 24, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
4 /5 4 /8 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,375.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,375.80 4 /8 4 /10 Colombia ............................................... 1,468,000 524.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 524.29 Jenn Wickre .............................................................. 4 /2 4 /5 Chile ....................................... .............. 392,540 645.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 645.83 4 /5 4 /8 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,202.56 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,202.56 4 /8 4 /10 Colombia ............................................... 1,468,000 524.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 524.29 Kristin Kopshever ..................................................... 4 /2 4 /5 Chile .......................................... ........... 392,540 645.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 645.83 4 /5 4 /8 Ecuador ................................................. .................... 1,202.56 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,202.56 4 /8 4 /10 Colombia ............................................... 1,468,000 524.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 524.29 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 29,503.95 .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 29,503.95 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, July 9, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Eric Burgeson .......................................................... 4 /3 4 /7 Australia ..................................... .......... .................... 1,538.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,538.00 Kathy Dedrick .......................................................... 4 /3 4 /7 Australia ..................................... .......... .................... 1,538.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,538.00 Hon. Garret Graves .................................................. 4 /3 4 /7 Australia ........................................ ....... .................... 1,538.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,538.00 Hon. Daniel Lipinski ................................................ 4 /3 4 /7 Australia ........................................ ....... .................... 1,538.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,538.00 Fleming Legg ........................................................... 4 /3 4 /7 Australia ..................................... .......... .................... 1,538.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,538.00 Hon. Sean Patrick Maloney ..................................... 4 /3 4 /7 Australia .............................................. . .................... 1,538.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 1,538.00 Collin McCune ......................................................... 4 /3 4 /7 Australia ...................................... ......... .................... 1,538.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,538.00 Hon. David Rouzer ................................................... 4 /3 4 /7 Australia ........................................ ....... .................... 1,538.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,538.00 Hon. William F. Shuster .......................................... 4 /3 4 /7 Australia ........................................... .... .................... 1,538.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 1,538.00 Brittany Smith ......................................................... 4 /3 4 /7 Australia ..................................... .......... .................... 1,538.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,538.00 Rebekah Sungala .................................................... 4 /3 4 /7 Australia ......................................... ...... .................... 1,538.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 1,538.00 Chris Vieson ............................................................ 4 /3 4 /7 Australia .................................... ........... .................... 1,538.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,538.00 CMTE Expenses ............................................... 4 /3 4 /7 Australia ............................................... . ................... 1,538.00 .................... 7,732.00 .................... 1,557.00 .................... 1,538.00 Total Australia ................................................ ............. ................. .................................. ............................. .................... 18,456.00 .................... 7,732.00 .................... 1,557.00 .......... .......... 27,745.00 Eric Burgeson .......................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand ................................... ...... .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 431.00 Kathy Dedrick .......................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand ................................... ...... .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 431.00 Hon. Garret Graves .................................................. 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand ...................................... ... .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 431.00 Hon. Daniel Lipinski ................................................ 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand ...................................... ... .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 431.00 Fleming Legg ........................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand ................................... ...... .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 431.00 Hon. Sean Patrick Maloney ..................................... 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand ......................................... ... ................. 431.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 431 .00 Collin McCune ......................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand .................................... ..... .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 431.00 Hon. David Rouzer ................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand ...................................... ... .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 431.00 Hon. William F. Shuster .......................................... 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 431.00 Brittany Smith ......................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand ................................... ...... .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 431.00 Rebekah Sungala .................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand ....................................... .. .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 431.00 Chris Vieson ............................................................ 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand .................................. ....... .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 431.00 CMTE Expenses ........................................................ 4 /7 4 /8 New Zealand ..................................... .... .................... 431.00 .................... 3,292.00 .................... 1,439.00 .................... 4,731.00 Total New Zealand ......................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... 5,172.00 .................... 3,292.00 .................... 1,439.00 ................ .... 9,903.00 Hon. Alan Lowenthal ............................................... 4 /13 4 /16 Peru ............................................. ......... .................... 2,022.36 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 2,022.36 
Committee total ..................................... ............. ................. ............................................. .................. .................... 25,650.36 .................... 11,024.00 .................... 2,996.00 .................... 39,670.36 
HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, July 12, 2018. 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Vice Chairman, July 9, 2018. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5742. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s re-port titled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Purchases From Foreign Entities’’, pursuant to 41 U.S.C. 8305; Public Law 104-201, Sec. 827 (as amended by Public Law 111-350, Sec. 3); (124 Stat. 3833) and Public Law 115-31, Sec. 8029(b); (131 Stat. 253); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5743. A letter from the Chairman, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s Report to the Con-gress on the Profitability of Credit Card Op-erations of Depository Institutions, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1637 note; Public Law 100-583, Sec. 8; (102 Stat. 2969); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5744. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Flood Insurance Program: Removal of Monroe County Pilot Inspection Program Regulations [Docket ID: FEMA-2018-0027] (RIN: 1660-AA93) received July 18, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5745. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of Housing — Federal Housing Commis-sioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Streamlining Inspection Requirements for Federal Housing Adminis-tration (FHA) Single-Family Mortgage In-surance: Removal of the FHA Inspector Ros-ter [Docket No.: FR-5457-F-02] (RIN: 2502- AJ03) received July 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.038 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7153 July 24, 2018 
5746. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Student Assistance Gen-eral Provisions, Federal Perkins Loan Pro-gram, Federal Family Education Loan Pro-gram, William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program, and Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education Grant Pro-gram; Corrections [Docket ID: ED-2017-OPE- 0112] (RIN: 1840-AD28) received July 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868) and 20 U.S.C. 1232(f); Public Law 90-247, Sec. 437(f) (as added Public Law 91-230, Sec. 401(a)(10)); (84 Stat. 169); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5747. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Strategic Petroleum Reserve Annual Report for Calendar Year 2015, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 6245 Public Law 94-163, Sec.165 (as amended by Public Law 106-469, Sec. 103(17)); (114 Stat. 2032) (114 Stat. 2032); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5748. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting a Declaration that Circumstances Exist Justifying an Authorization Pursuant to Section 564 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5749. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Diversion Control Division, DEA, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s temporary amendment — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of NM2201, 5F-AB- PINACA, 4-CN-CUMYL-BUTINACA, MMB- CHMICA and 5F-CUMYL-P7AICA Into Sched-ule I [Docket No.: DEA-479] received July 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5750. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator, Diversion Control Division, DEA, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Controlled Sub-stances Quotas [Docket No.: DEA-480] (RIN: 1117-AB48) received July 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5751. A letter from the Chief Executive Of-ficer, U.S. Anti-Doping Agency, transmitting the Agency’s 2017 Annual Report and Finan-cial Audit, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 2002(b); Pub-lic Law 109-469, Sec. 702(b); (120 Stat. 3534); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5752. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, U.S. Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Medical Use of By-product Material — Medical Event Defini-tions, Training and Experience, and Clari-fying Amendments [NRC-2008-0175] (RIN: 3150-AI63) received July 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5753. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed items to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778 note; Public Law 105-261, Sec. 1512 (as amended by Public Law 105-277, Sec. 146); (112 Stat. 2174); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 5754. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-visor, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5755. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-074, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5756. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifica-tion of discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5757. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regula-tion, Department of the Treasury, transmit-ting a notification of a designation of acting officer and nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5758. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting a notification of a designation of acting officer, and a notifi-cation of a discontinuation of service in act-ing role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5759. A letter from the Chairman, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the NCUA Strategic Plan 2018-2022 and 2018 Annual Performance Plan, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 306(a); Public Law 103-62, Sec. 3(a) (as amended by Public Law 111-352, Sec. 2); (124 Stat. 3866) and 31 U.S.C. 1115(b); Public Law 111-352, Sec. 3; (124 Stat. 3867); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 5760. A letter from the Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Federal Employees Health Benefits Program and Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program: Expi-ration of Coverage of Children of Same-Sex Domestic Partners; Federal Flexible Benefits Plan: Pre-Tax Payment of Health Benefits Premiums: Conforming Amendments (RIN: 3206-AN34) received July 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5761. A letter from the Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s Inspector General Semiannual Report for the period of October 1, 2017, to March 31, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5 of Public Law 95-452, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5762. A letter from the Executive Director, United States Access Board, transmitting the Board’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 5763. A letter from the Chairman and CEO, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Organiza-tion; Funding and Fiscal Affairs, Loan Poli-cies and Operations, and Funding Oper-ations; Investment Eligibility (RIN: 3052- AC84) received July 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 5764. A letter from the Federal Liaison Of-ficer, United States Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Removal of Rules Governing Trademark Interferences [Docket No.: PTO-T-2017-0032] (RIN: 0651- AD23) received July 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5765. A letter from the Impact Analyst, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Schedule for Rating Dis-abilities: Skin (RIN: 2900-AP27) received July 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 5766. A letter from the Inspector General, Office of Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘The MEDIC Produced Some Positive Results but More Could be Done to Enhance its Effectiveness’’ (OEI-03-17-00310), pursuant to Public Law 114-198, Sec. 704(c)(2)(B); (130 Stat. 750); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 5767. A letter from the Inspector General, Office of the Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting an update on the ongoing monitoring of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services’ implementation of a new Medicare payment system for clinical diagnostic laboratory tests; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5649. A bill to amend ti-tles 10 and 38, United States Code, to amend the Social Security Act, and to direct the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Defense, Labor, and Homeland Security, and the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Adminis-tration, to take certain actions to improve transition assistance to members of the Armed Forces who separate, retire, or are discharged from the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–864, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5882. A bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service (Rept. 115–865). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 2409. A bill to allow servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and Internet access serv-ice contracts while deployed (Rept. 115–866). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 2787. A bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a pilot program instituting a clinical observation program for pre-med students preparing to attend medical school; with an amendment (Rept. 115–867). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5693. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the placement of veterans in non-Department medical fos-ter homes for certain veterans who are un-able to live independently; with amendments (Rept. 115–868). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee:Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5974. A bill to direct the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24JY7.000 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7154 July 24, 2018 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use on-site regulated medical waste treatment systems at certain Department of Veterans Affairs facilities, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–869). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5538. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inclusion of certain additional periods of active duty service for purposes of sus-pending charges to veterans’ entitlement to educational assistance under the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs during periods of suspended participa-tion in vocational rehabilitation programs (Rept. 115–870). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5938. A bill to amend the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a vacancy and recruitment data-base to facilitate the recruitment of certain members of the Armed Forces to satisfy the occupational needs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish and implement a training and certification program for in-termediate care technicians in that Depart-ment, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–871). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5864. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish qualifications for the human resources posi-tions within the Veterans Health Adminis-tration of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–872). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1020. Resolution waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolu-tions reported from the Committee on Rules, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 115–873). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6479. A bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to include short-term limited duration plans in the def-inition of individual health insurance cov-erage; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 6480. A bill to allow the Governor of Guam to determine temporary need of non-immigrant workers on Guam, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 6481. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, for the purpose of addressing public health crises, to require the manufacturers of covered products to de-velop, maintain, and update a plan to miti-gate the effects of such products on public health, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. M
EADOWS , and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 6482. A bill to prohibit Federal pay-ments to a unit of local government that al-lows individuals who are not citizens of the United States to vote in elections for State or local office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER (for her-self and Mr. KIND): H.R. 6483. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 1974 to provide adjustment assistance to farmers adversely affect by reduced exports resulting from tariffs imposed as retaliation for United States tariff increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. S CHRADER , and Ms. B
ONAMICI ): H.R. 6484. A bill to provide for the designa-tion of the Devil’s Staircase Wilderness Area in the State of Oregon, to designate seg-ments of Wasson and Franklin Creeks in the State of Oregon as wild or recreation rivers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S
ERRANO , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 6485. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to carry out a Federal subsidized em-ployment program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. L
AHOOD (for himself and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama): H.R. 6486. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude certain post graduation scholarship grants from gross in-come in the same manner as qualified schol-arships to promote economic growth; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 6487. A bill to provide for greater con-sultation between the Federal government and the governing bodies of land grant- merceds and acequias in New Mexico and to provide for a process for recognition of the historic-traditional boundaries of land grant-mercedes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BARTON (for himself and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6488. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to exempt from certain criminal penalties the offering and use of certain pharmaceutical manufacturer copay-ment coupons to waive or reduce cost-shar-ing otherwise applied under the Medicare prescription drug benefit; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 6489. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish a grant program for the relocation of certain petroleum stor-age facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS  of California, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, and Mr. S
CALISE ): H.R. 6490. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to treat the service of Members of the United States Capitol Police who are transferred directly to an administrative or supervisory position with the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center as a law en-forcement officer service for purposes of the Federal Employees’ Retirement System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself and Mr. MCKINLEY ): H.R. 6491. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require the Drug Enforce-ment Administration to report certain infor-mation on distribution of opioids to manu-facturers and distributors to help identify, report, and stop suspicious orders of opioids and reduce diversion rates, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
EGETTE: H.R. 6492. A bill to designate certain lands in the State of Colorado as components of the National Wilderness Preservation Sys-tem, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 6493. A bill to amend titles 23 and 49, United States Code, to improve public under-standing of how transportation investments are made by public agencies through estab-lishing greater transparency and account-ability processes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Mr. C
ONNOLLY ): H.R. 6494. A bill to expose and deter unlaw-ful and subversive foreign interference in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Financial Services, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. C RIST, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. C
ORREA , Ms. L EE, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. C
OHEN ): H.R. 6495. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to enter into a 10-year arrangement with the National Acad-emy of Sciences to conduct and update bien-nially a study on the effects of State legal-ized marijuana programs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Education and the Work-force, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio (for himself and Mr. T
URNER ): H.R. 6496. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to ensure that preexisting condition exclusions with respect to enrollment in health insurance coverage and group health plans continue to be prohibited; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:34 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.041 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7155 July 24, 2018 
By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6497. A bill to enhance rail safety and provide for the safe and covered transport of materials in railroad cars, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 6498. A bill to improve mental health services; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself and Mr. P
OEof Texas): H.R. 6499. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to authorize the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to issue loans to homeowners in areas at risk for dis-asters to carry out pre-disaster mitigation activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. WALZ (for himself, Mr. D
ENHAM , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. B
OST, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. K
IND, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. C
ARBAJAL ): H.R. 6500. A bill to expand the availability of programs of the Department of Agri-culture to veteran farmers and ranchers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H. Res. 1017. A resolution requesting the President, and directing the Secretary of State, to transmit to the House of Rep-resentatives copies of all documents, records, communications, transcripts, sum-maries, notes, memoranda, and read-aheads in their possession referring or relating to certain communications between President Donald Trump and President Vladimir Putin; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. PASCRELL: H. Res. 1018. A resolution requesting the President to transmit to the House of Rep-resentatives certain documents in the pos-session of the President relating to the de-termination to impose certain tariffs and to the strategy of the United States with re-spect to China; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H. Res. 1019. A resolution raising a ques-tion of the privileges of the House pursuant to article I, section 7, of the United States Constitution; considered and agreed to. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H. Res. 1021. A resolution calling upon any agreement reached between the President and Vladimir Putin at their meeting in Hel-sinki, Finland, to be approved by Congress; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio: H. Res. 1022. A resolution condemning the ongoing illegal occupation of Crimea by the Russian Federation; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on the Judiciary, Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas): H. Res. 1023. A resolution condemning Vladimir Putin’s attack on United States of-ficials and reaffirming support for those Americans who have served their Nation; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H. Res. 1024. A resolution reaffirming the commitment of the United States to pro-mote international religious freedom and marking the 20th anniversary of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. GRI-
JALVA , and Mr. P OCAN ): H. Res. 1025. A resolution expressing sup-port for policies that maintain a robust, fully-funded and staffed Veterans Health Ad-ministration of the Department of Veterans Affairs and do not jeopardize care for vet-erans by moving essential resources to the private sector; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
231. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Ten-nessee, relative to Senate Resolution No. 154, urging the Speaker and the Clerk of the United States House of Representatives to return to Tennessee a report compiled by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation on the Martin Luther King assassination known as ‘‘MLK Document 200472’’ that was submitted to the United States House Select Com-mittee on Assassinations in 1976; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. 232. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-resentatives of the State of Louisiana, rel-ative to House Resolution No. 219, memori-alizing the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to adopt and enact the legislation to be proposed in the 115th Congress, Second Session, that would establish the Caddo Lake National Heritage Area; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 233. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-resentatives of the State of Louisiana, rel-ative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 48, memorializing the United States Congress and the Louisiana Congressional Delegation to take such actions as are necessary to rec-tify the revenue sharing inequities between coastal and interior energy producing states and to ensure the dependability of such rev-enue sharing; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 234. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-resentatives of the State of Louisiana, rel-ative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 110, to memorialize the United States Con-gress to take such actions as are necessary to adopt and enact the legislation to be pro-posed in the 115th Congress, Second Session, that would establish the Caddo Lake Na-tional Heritage Area; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 235. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, relative to Senate Resolution No. 326, urging the Con-gress of the United States to adopt the Na-tional Park Service’s recommendation to ex-tend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail to include the additional sites along the Lewis and Clark Expedition’s Eastern Legacy; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 236. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-resentatives of the State of Louisiana, rel-ative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 87, to express support of the right of American citizens to keep and bear arms; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 237. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-resentatives of the State of Louisiana, rel-ative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 110, to memorialize the United States Con-gress to pass legislation that supports efforts to build, modernize, and maintain the United States’ infrastructure with consideration of certain principles; jointly to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Edu-cation and the Workforce, Energy and Com-merce, and Natural Resources. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6479. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 6480. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 6481. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina: H.R. 6482. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: H.R. 6483. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 6484. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. KHANNA: H.R. 6485. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. L
AHOOD: H.R. 6486. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 6487. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24JY7.100 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7156 July 24, 2018 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. BARTON: H.R. 6488. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 6489. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 6490. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress Under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 6491. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. D
EGETTE: H.R. 6492. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 and Article IV, section 3 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 6493. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 6494. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6495. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The United States Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio: H.R. 6496. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6497. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6498. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 6499. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WALZ: H.R. 6500. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 5 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: H.R. 15: Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 99: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 149: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 184: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 233: Mr. K
ATKO and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 371: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 530: Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 676: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 712: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 754: Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. N EAL, Mr. J EN-
KINS of West Virginia, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. H UIZENGA , and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 762: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 811: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 1017: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 1054: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 1144: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1201: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1205: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 1227: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1272: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 1291: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 1300: Mrs. L
OWEY and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 1318: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 1415: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1439: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1447: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1562: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 1651: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama and Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 1757: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 1872: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE. H.R. 1904: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 1953: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 2055: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 2069: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 2327: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2358: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 2472: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 2482: Mr. H
URD. H.R. 2650: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 2735: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 2748: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2803: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 2856: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 2918: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2978: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 3026: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3048: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 3113: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 3207: Mr. L
AMB, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. A
DAMS , and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 3239: Mr. C
APUANO and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 3349: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3391: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 3415: Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Mr. P AUL-
SEN, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Ms. G
RANGER , and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . H.R. 3467: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3523: Mr. L
OEBSACK and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 3635: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 3670: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 3671: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 3707: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 3751: Mr. C
APUANO and Mr. W ALKER . H.R. 3790: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 3956: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida. H.R. 4099: Mr. U
PTON , Ms. R OSEN , and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4107: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas and Mr. C
ONAWAY . H.R. 4143: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4202: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 4238: Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 4256: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska and Mr. R
USH. H.R. 4306: Mr. KATKO , Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 4454: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 4518: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4638: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 4693: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 4700: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 4732: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 4859: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 4884: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 4914: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 4941: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 5011: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico and Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 5085: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 5107: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. H
UIZENGA . H.R. 5141: Mr. T
URNER , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 5145: Ms. L
EE, Mr. N ORCROSS , and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 5153: Mr. B
UCK, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , and Mr. B UDD. H.R. 5188: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5233: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY . H.R. 5241: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 5281: Mr. B
UDDand Mr. W ALKER . H.R. 5306: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 5339: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 5358: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 5384: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 5429: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 5499: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. H ECK, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 5524: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5561: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 5595: Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5602: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 5609: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 5621: Mr. C
ALVERT and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 5671: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5697: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 5713: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 5732: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 5780: Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 5856: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 5885: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 5924: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 5945: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 5949: Mr. D
AVIDSON . H.R. 5955: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 5988: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 6016: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 6037: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 6071: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 6081: Mr. A
BRAHAM and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 6086: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 6108: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 6137: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Ms. S A´NCHEZ . H.R. 6145: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 6193: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6207: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. R USSELL , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 6216: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 6217: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 6219: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida and Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 6227: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 6236: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.044 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7157 July 24, 2018 
H.R. 6251: Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 6275: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 6278: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 6294: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 6337: Mr. S
TEWART , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mrs. L
OVE, and Mr. B UDD. H.R. 6344: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 6345: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia and Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 6354: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 6360: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 6364: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 6378: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 6379: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 6396: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 6400: Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. N OR-
MAN, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. O LSON , Mrs. H
ANDEL , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 6417: Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 6421: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. S CHNEI -
DER. H.R. 6426: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 6442: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 6449: Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 6455: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 6459: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 6467: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 6468: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 6469: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 6474: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. B ORDALLO , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.J. Res. 48: Ms. M
ATSUI . H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. C
ALVERT . H. Res. 257: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H. Res. 274: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H. Res. 413: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of California, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. S MUCKER . H. Res. 518: Mr. F
ASO. H. Res. 766: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. K ING of New York. H. Res. 826: Mr. R
USSELL and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H. Res. 864: Mr. R
ICHMOND and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H. Res. 869: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H. Res. 932: Ms. DELAURO , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H. Res. 967: Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. F ASO, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. K
INZINGER , and Ms. S TEFANIK . H. Res. 981: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H. Res. 983: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida. H. Res. 993: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. S
UOZZI , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. S IRES, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. S ERRANO . H. Res. 1008: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. C OOPER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. H IGGINS  of New York. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 2069: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:34 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY7.049 H24JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5227 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 2018 No. 124 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal King, You are great and mar-velous. You alone are God. Without Your wondrous deeds, our Nation and planet could not survive. You continue to perform wonders on our behalf, res-cuing us from ourselves. Lord, inspire our lawmakers to ac-knowledge Your sovereignty. Teach them Your precepts so that they may walk in Your truth, experiencing the reverential awe that comes from Your presence. Provide wisdom and knowl-edge to our legislative leaders, bring-ing stability to our land. Sovereign God, Ruler of all nature, You alone will we worship, for You keep us on the path of wisdom. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. REMEMBERING OFFICER JACOB CHESTNUT AND DETECTIVE JOHN GIBSON Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, I begin this morning by remembering two heroes and the events that claimed their lives 20 years ago today, right here in the Capitol. On July 24, 1998, U.S. Capitol Police Officer Jacob Chestnut and Detective John Gibson made the ultimate sac-rifice in defense of American democ-racy. By doing their duty, these heroes helped cut short an act of brutal vio-lence that could have claimed many more lives. That same week, Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson lay in honor in the Capitol Rotunda, and an entire Nation paid its respects. I imagine 20 years have not made this senseless violence any easier to bear for the families these men left behind or for their brothers and sisters in the Capitol Police. Yet, as we remember their bravery, a triumphant example endures of selfless service and fearless heroism—of two men who embodied the values that keep this building and our Nation standing safe and sound. Today, we honor Detective Gibson and Officer Chestnut. We renew our condolences to their families. We rec-ognize the depth of our gratitude for them and for everyone who puts on the uniform and steps into harm’s way every single day. 
f 
APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, now, on an entirely different matter, yesterday, the Senate began consid-ering our next set of appropriations measures for fiscal year 2019. Chairman S
HELBY and Ranking Mem-ber L
EAHY have led an exemplary bi-partisan process through subcommittee and full committee work. Yesterday, that same bipartisan spirit was here on the floor when we were able to proceed to these measures by consent. Let’s keep up that productive and coopera-tive spirit so we can achieve the goal we all share—completing a regular ap-propriations process and avoiding an-other omnibus. The measures before us encompass agriculture, interior and the environ-ment, transportation and housing, and financial services and general govern-ment. They would deliver real re-sources to help American communities face real challenges—challenges like clearing the backlog of infrastructure needs that are holding back rural America and challenges like fighting the opioid epidemic that threatens families and communities. Among the many, many things this legislation would accomplish, it meets these two challenges head on. It deliv-ers nearly one-half billion dollars in loans and grant funding for rural broadband. It supplies $400 million to accelerate the delivery of water and waste infrastructure projects across rural America. It would also deliver more assistance to all of the areas of our country that are living under the long shadow of the opioid crisis—tens of millions to help the FDA crack down on the spread of illicit drugs and to im-prove care in rural communities through distance learning and tele-medicine. These are just a few of the important provisions in these bills. I look forward to considering them this week. I hope we will have a robust amendment proc-ess, and then, with bipartisan coopera-tion, we can take these next steps to-gether. f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on a final matter, yesterday, the White House hosted a ‘‘Made in America’’ showcase, featuring products that were manufactured in each State, including from Stoneware & Co., in my home State, which makes the famous Louis-ville stoneware kitchen and dining sets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.000 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5228 July 24, 2018 
Well, talking about reviving Amer-ican manufacturing is nothing new in this town. In his 2013 State of the Union Address, President Obama in-sisted that ‘‘our first priority is mak-ing America a magnet for new jobs and manufacturing.’’ Every few years, it seemed our Demo-cratic friends over in the House would hold yet another press conference to talk about getting manufacturing mov-ing. So rhetoric was not in short supply during the Obama era. What was hard-er to come by were actual results. On President Obama’s watch, on net, our country lost more than 300,000 manu-facturing jobs. Year after year, Democratic policies led to insufficient, sluggish, and un-even economic growth that left much of the country behind. Eight years of this so-called recovery couldn’t even get us back to the same number of manufacturing jobs that we had when President Obama first took his oath of office. There are a number of reasons why. Yet here is one thing we heard loud and clear from U.S. manufacturers: High taxes, heavy regulations, and other Democratic policies put the wind squarely in their faces. Back in 2013, more than 75 percent of U.S. manufac-turers said a hostile climate due to taxes and regulations was a major busi-ness obstacle. What about the present? What about now? This united Republican government has put an end to one burdensome reg-ulation after another. We cut through the redtape that held back small busi-nesses, local lenders, and manufactur-ers. We overhauled the Tax Code, leav-ing families with more to spend and in-vest and leaving job creators with more flexibility to compete and win. What were the results? Less than 2 years into the new ad-ministration, an all-time high of 95.1 percent of U.S. manufacturers have a positive outlook. Now fewer than one in five says a hostile business climate due to things like taxes and regula-tions is a top obstacle, and more than two-thirds are planning to hire this year. These aren’t just numbers; this is real life. At Jamison Door in Hagerstown, MD, tax reform made possible a 400-percent increase in plant size. In my home State of Kentucky, it is estimated that more than 1,000 con-struction jobs will be needed to help build a new aluminum rolling mill for Braidy Industries. Over the next 7 years, tax reform is expected to save the company—listen to this—$150 mil-lion, which will help to support this in-vestment and the 600 permanent new jobs the company estimates it will cre-ate in the Commonwealth. So let’s sum it up. Republican poli-cies have helped generate the very out-comes Democrats claim they wanted. American manufacturing is thriving on our watch, but now Democrats aren’t cheering. In fact, they have tried to block most of the policies that have helped this happen. They voted against tax reform— every Democrat in the House and the Senate. They have protested regu-latory reform every step of the way. They want to go right back to their old ways—repeal the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, raise taxes, and pile on more crushing regulations. We are not going to let that happen because we agree that manufacturing growth is vital for American pros-perity, and unlike our friends across the aisle, we have the ideas and the policies to help make that goal into re-ality. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
REMEMBERING OFFICER JACOB CHESTNUT AND DETECTIVE JOHN GIBSON Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, 20 years ago today, in the late afternoon, shots rang out in this building. A men-tally ill individual, armed with a gun, was coming through security when he shot Capitol Police Officer Jacob Chestnut. He then approached the Cap-itol office of Tom DeLay and engaged Detective John Gibson, and they ex-changed gunfire. Detective Gibson and Officer Chestnut lost their lives in the line of duty while protecting this build-ing’s occupants and visitors. There is no way of knowing how many lives they saved in their sac-rifice, but their families know that their sacrifice has not been forgotten by all of us here. Their memory is a blessing to their families and to all of us here who remember that awful day. I join the distinguished Republican leader today in recognizing the anni-versary of their passing as a solemn re-minder of the everyday heroism prac-ticed by the Capitol Police and their brothers and sisters in blue all across the country. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, the Senate has a constitutional duty to provide advice and consent and a spe-cial obligation to thoroughly examine Supreme Court nominations. After all, there are few positions in our govern-ment with greater importance or re-sponsibility than a lifetime appoint-ment on the Nation’s highest Court. It is now our job to carefully, thoroughly, and methodically review the record of Judge Brett Kavanaugh, and we have quite a job ahead of us. As a partisan political lawyer during the Clinton and Bush years, Brett Kavanaugh has a paper trail a mile long. There is no doubt the White House and Leader M
CCONNELL were aware of this history when the nomina-tion was made. The length of Judge Kavanaugh’s record, however, is no reason to shirk our responsibility as Senators to review it. Yet the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee has already suggested there is no reason to review Judge Kavanaugh’s full record before proceeding with his nomination. Lead-er MCCONNELL threatened to play polit-ical hardball if Democrats insisted on obtaining Judge Kavanaugh’s full record. Senate Republicans are making hollow arguments and petty attempts at advancing Judge Kavanaugh’s nomi-nation with as little scrutiny as they can manage. We have been having trouble getting an agreement with Judiciary Com-mittee Chairman G
RASSLEY on the scope of the documents the Senate should request. Chairman G
RASSLEY  has had our request for over a week. It is the same request that was made when Elena Kagan was nominated to the Supreme Court. It is the very same request that Republicans insisted on, including Senator G
RASSLEY —he was not chairman then—and Democrats agreed to when we were in charge. Much like Judge Kavanaugh, Elena Kagan spent time in prior administra-tions and had a lengthy paper trail, some of which could have been labeled privileged. Did Democrats, in the ma-jority at the time, attempt to rush her nomination through? No. Did we lean on former administrations to declare her documents privileged? No. Demo-crats actually joined with the Repub-lican minority to request a full and complete accounting of Elena Kagan’s record. Her former employer waived all claims of privilege. Let me show you the letter right here that my friend Senator L
EAHY , then chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee, and Senator Jeff Sessions, then ranking member, sent to the Clinton Library. Here is the letter. What we have done is use the same letter. We are willing to issue the exact same let-ter, except we have put the address of the person at the Bush Library, changed the name of Kagan to Kavanaugh, and changed the name of Clinton to Bush; otherwise, it is the exact same letter. How can our Republican colleagues resist this simple letter when it is the exact same letter they pushed for, and we acceded to, when the shoe was on the other foot? The letter requests the entirety of Elena Kagan’s record, not part of it, not a subset of it—all of it. What is good enough for Justice Kagan is good enough for Judge Kavanaugh. You could simply replace her name with Judge Kavanaugh’s name throughout this letter, and the letter would be ex-actly applicable today. This is the standard Democrats and Republicans used to agree on, the Kagan standard— and it wasn’t just Senators L
EAHY and Sessions. At the time, Senator G
RASSLEY , now chairman—the burden is on him to help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.001 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5229 July 24, 2018 
us get a bipartisan letter—said: ‘‘In order for the Senate to fulfill its con-stitutional duty of advise and consent, we must get all of [Elena Kagan’s] doc-uments from the Clinton Library and have enough time to analyze them so we can determine whether she should be a Justice.’’ Let me read it again. This is what Chairman G
RASSLEY said—now chair-man, then a member of the Judiciary Committee: ‘‘In order for the Senate to fulfill its constitutional duty of advise and consent, we must get all of [Elena Kagan’s] documents from the Clinton Library and have enough time to ana-lyze them so we can determine whether she should be a Justice.’’ Senator G
RASSLEY is a good man. Senator G
RASSLEY has a real sense of integrity and fairness. That is why so many of us are wondering why there is such a double standard right now. We hope he will join Senator F
EINSTEIN in a joint letter, just as Senator L
EAHY  and Senator Sessions came together on such a letter a while ago. Senator C
ORNYN at the time, now the No. 2 man in the Republican hierarchy here in the Senate, said: ‘‘I think it would be a mistake to hold the hearing until we’ve had a chance to see [Elena Kagan’s] documents and any other doc-uments that might exist . . . [and] we’ve had an adequate time to review the documents.’’ This happens especially when it comes to judges. The double standard of the other side is enormous. When they are in the minority, they profess strong arguments, push us to go along, and usually we do. But now that they are in the majority, it is as if there is a whole new world and what happened in the past doesn’t make a darn bit of difference. That is not fair. That is not right. We, on this side, have had enough of the other side’s hypocrisy on judges. We know there is a push by the hard right to fill the bench so they can achieve their agenda, which they could never achieve—even with Republican majorities in the House, Senate, and Presidency—through the elected bod-ies. The kinds of attitudes that we have seen by the conservative Justices— which we believe Judge Kavanaugh might well accede to, and that is why we want a hearing—are not what America wants on issue after issue after issue. This is the hard right’s No. 1 goal. They embraced Donald Trump only after he agreed to a list of 25 judges that the Federalist Society and Herit-age Foundation suggested; both are far away from where Americans feel on issues like healthcare, government in-volvement, and choice. That is when they embraced him. There is huge pressure; I get that. We have pressure on our side too. But the double standard is so glaring, so unfair, that it is appalling. People say: Well, on judges, it has been tit for tat. It really hasn’t. It really hasn’t. Leader Reid changed the rules after four vacancies existed on the DC Court of Appeals because Re-publicans wouldn’t put them in. It was a 60-vote rule, but we kept it open for the Supreme Court. Leader MCCONNELL  changed that. Leader M
CCONNELL , unprecedentedly, let Merrick Garland stew and not have a hearing. We understand the pressure, but it is not good for the Republicans, and it is not good for comity in this body, which we are seeking. I see the chairman of the Appropriations Committee. We are trying to get comity on appropriations. Stuff like this poisons the well. It does. Just last week, we witnessed the firsthand importance of reviewing a nominee’s full record. The White House was forced to withdraw the nomination of Ryan Bounds for a seat on the Ninth Circuit after abhorrent writings from his college newspaper came to light. If the college newspaper writings of a po-tential appellate judge are significant enough to disqualify him from consid-eration, how can my colleagues on the other side argue with a straight face that Judge Kavanaugh’s record should not be fully considered before the Sen-ate moves forward on his nomination to this Nation’s highest Court—one of the most powerful institutions in the world? There is a lot we don’t know about Judge Kavanaugh. We are learning more about him each day. Just a few days ago, for example, we learned he had expressed skepticism about the Su-preme Court that held President Nixon accountable. It is another example of Judge Kavanaugh expressing the view that Presidential power should be vir-tually unconstrained. One that is still amazing to me, and I would like to see if there is more of it in his records be-cause it is so extreme a view, is that Judge Kavanaugh suggested a Presi-dent can ignore a statute he ‘‘deems’’— his word—unconstitutional even if a court ruled it was constitutional. That is like a King, not a President. We have the rule of law here. He said sitting Presidents should not be subject to an investigation of any kind, other than an impeachment in-quiry by Congress. Judge Kavanaugh’s belief in unchal-lenged Presidential power is so in-grained that he has even questioned the constitutionality of what he calls the ‘‘independent regulatory state,’’ a phrase that sounds awfully familiar to the hard-right myth of a deep state. This is a radically activist view for a judge who advertises himself as some-one who will merely interpret the law as written. Congress has, by law, given certain agencies varying degrees of independence from the Executive. That started in the 1890s. That is not new, and there is an ebb and flow to it. Sometimes Congress feels the regula-tions have gone too far and push back; sometimes they feel they need more, and they push forward. There has been an ebb and flow in history since the 1890s, but almost no one has said—ex-cept the hard right and deep state peo-ple—that there shouldn’t be regula-tions. If Judge Kavanaugh has his way, agencies that have been somewhat independent with good success, such as the Social Security Administration, the SEC, the IRS, and the FBI, would be subject to vast political influence from the White House. That is exactly the opposite of what Congress has pro-vided by law. Senators and the public will have to make up their minds about what Judge Kavanaugh believes, and they will have to think of it in the broad, long-term context but also in the context of this President, who seems to have less re-spect for the rule of law, less respect for separation of power, and less re-spect for anyone who stands in his way than any President I have seen in my lifetime. Everyone will have to make up their minds about that. I understand that. That is what we are here for, but it seems clear that in the context of Judge Kavanaugh’s writings about the Presidency, that the statement ques-tioning the Nixon decision reflects his actual beliefs. That is why we need to obtain, analyze, and scrutinize his record. That is our job as U.S. Sen-ators, a job Members from both sides of the aisle used to agree on. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S FOREIGN POLICY Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, fi-nally, just a few points as I see my col-leagues are waiting. I wish to make a few points on Iran and President Trump’s tweets. First, it seems the President is desperate to distract the American people from last week’s per-formance in Helsinki. He always seems to do this: He runs into trouble, and he creates a whole new firestorm some-where else. It is his MO. It is not the way we have seen government work in the United States, but that is what he does. He is the President. Second, the tweets suggest a pattern in President Trump’s foreign policy in which the President uses heated rhet-oric with foreign capitals to inflame and intensify tensions so later on the President can pretend to ride in and save the day with a more measured tone. It is sort of like a Kabuki play. It screws up our foreign policy. We saw this play out in North Korea. President Trump repeatedly insulted Kim Jong Un on Twitter, only to de-clare world peace once the two of them had met. It seems as if the President’s foreign policy is to commit arson so he can play the firefighter. He lights the fire and then puts it out and gives him-self a huge pat on the back. Not surprisingly, this reality TV for-eign policy hasn’t produced the con-crete results we are all looking for and must secure. It has been 2 months since the President met with Chairman Kim. Yet we have seen little in the way of ir-reversible steps toward 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.003 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5230 July 24, 2018 
denuclearization. We don’t even have details on the agreement. Secretary Pompeo went over there and was just given the cold shoulder. Kim wouldn’t meet with him and said nasty things about him. Still, the President claims—I think he is alone here—that the North Korean summit was a huge success. Certainly, the world is a safer place without President Trump and Chair-man Kim trading barbs on social media. Those tactics make America weaker. We all want diplomacy to suc-ceed. We all want a strong deal with North Korea, but the cessation of rhe-torical hostilities is no replacement for concrete, verifiable steps toward denuclearization. The same holds true for Iran. I hope the President isn’t reaching into the same old social media playbook, using rhetoric as a replacement for the hard work of diplomacy. I yield the floor. 
f 
INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, FINAN-CIAL SERVICES, AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 6147, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environ-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses. 
Pending: 
Shelby amendment No. 3399, in the nature of a substitute. Murkowski amendment No. 3400 (to amend-ment No. 3399), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. Mr. SHELBY. Madam President, this week the Senate takes another step to-ward regular order in the appropria-tions process in the Senate. The package before the Senate today contains the fiscal year 2019 appropria-tions bills for the Subcommittees on Interior; Financial Services; Agri-culture; and Transportation, Housing and Urban Development. We have not debated an interior appropriations bill on the floor of the U.S. Senate in near-ly 10 years. The Financial Services appropria-tions bill has not seen floor action in several years either. Why? Because year after year, party-line votes in committees represented the end of the line in the legislative process. Yet here we are today debating both of these ap-propriations bills and more on the Sen-ate floor. So what changed? What changed was the mindset of appropriators on both sides of the aisle who embraced a will-ingness to sacrifice partisan riders and priorities outside the committee’s ju-risdiction for the good of the process. Together we have committed to do what is good for the process because we want to do what is right by the Amer-ican people. This approach is yielding meaningful results thus far. The Interior and Fi-nancial Services bills in this package both won the unanimous approval of the Appropriations Committee, which is generally unheard of—unanimous, Madam President. We haven’t seen that level of support for these bills in quite some time around here. The Agriculture and Transportation, Housing and Urban Development bills also garnered unanimous support of the Appropriations Committee. I want to take a minute to commend the chairmen of these subcommittees— Senator MURKOWSKI , Senator C OLLINS , Senator H
OEVEN , and Senator L
ANKFORD —for their leadership in the process. I also, again, thank Vice Chairman L
EAHY and the ranking members of these subcommittees for their hard work. These Senators have worked together to produce strong and, I believe, bipartisan bills. This broad bipartisan support paved the way for the full Senate’s consider-ation of these bills, and I thank Lead-ers M
CCONNELL and S CHUMER for agree-ing to bring this package to the floor. As we begin debate this week, we can leverage our recent success in passing appropriations bills. Just last month, the Senate passed a package of three fiscal year 2019 appropriations bills with overwhelming support. This sup-port was facilitated by an open amend-ment process and a willingness to work together to address legitimate Member concerns. As a result, the process was both open and, I believe, disciplined. More importantly, it was successful, passing by a vote of 86 to 5—yes, 86 to 5. The bill managers on both sides of the aisle will seek to replicate this process and success with the package now before the Senate. We ask for the continued cooperation of all Senators in this effort. Critical mass, that is what we are building in the Senate—critical mass for returning to regular order in the appropriations process. By completing our work in a delib-erate and timely manner on this pack-age, we can turn next to the Defense and Labor-HHS-Education package. While completion of our work on the current package will mean we have passed more than half of the 2019 ap-propriations bills, the lion’s share of discretionary spending, as my col-leagues know, is contained in the De-fense and Labor-HHS bills. That is very important to all of us here, very impor-tant to our constituents, and very im-portant to our country. Again, I encourage our colleagues to participate in this process and help sustain the momentum we have gen-erated thus far. We have a lot of work to do, but we are making real progress. I hope my colleagues find this encour-aging. I certainly do. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I am pleased to join my friend, the senior Senator from Alabama, Chairman SHELBY , as we prepare to debate the second set of appropriations bills to reach the Senate floor this session. Senator S
HELBY has noted that this is a change in recent years. I commend him, and I commend both Republicans and Democrats who have worked to-gether in the way we used to and now are again. This minibus contains four important bills for fiscal year 2019: the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies bill; the Financial Services and General Government bill; the Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies bill; and the Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development and Related Agencies bills. Now, that was something significant to be on the Senate floor in past years. What is even more significant—and Chairman S
HELBY would agree with me—each of these bills was reported by the Appropriations Committee unani-mously. Every Republican, every Dem-ocrat voted for them. They fund pro-grams that provide important services to the American people across the country. They invest in the future of this country. Let me take one example, the Agri-culture appropriations bill. This bill is a win for farmers, for families, and for rural communities through its invest-ments in rural development, housing, food, nutrition, agriculture, research, and clean water programs. Every State in this Nation—yours, Chairman S
HELBY ’s, and everybody else’s, and of course my own State of Vermont—has rural communities and farm economies that benefit from these important pro-grams, every one of us does. The Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development bill will make crit-ical infrastructure investments across the country and, of course, also in my home State of Vermont. It includes $10 billion in new funds—new funds—to help address our crumbling bridges and railways and roads. Let me just say, if I might be parochial for a moment, what that means in Vermont. It will help invest in safety improvements on Amtrak’s Vermonter and Ethan Allen lines but also will make much needed repairs to our railroads and bridges. These increases in every one of our States are a direct result of the bipar-tisan budget deal reached earlier this year, and they are critically needed. I have been here for over 40 years. What Senator S
HELBY and I have done is we have brought the Senate back to the way it used to be to actually get things done with Republicans and Democrats working together. Improving the Nation’s infrastruc-ture was one of President Trump’s key campaign promises. Unfortunately, he criticized the very budget deal that made these increases possible. He pro-posed cutting—not increasing—funding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.004 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5231 July 24, 2018 
for infrastructure programs that this bill supports. I am glad to say, again, that Republicans and Democrats came together on appropriations and took a different path. This bill also protects key investments in affordable housing and community development pro-grams, such as HOME and CDBG. That is crucial funding that communities le-verage to construct, rehabilitate, and maintain affordable housing. This is housing that is desperately needed across America—certainly in my State of Vermont—to shelter families, but it also promotes economic mobility and stability. The Interior bill makes critical in-vestments in programs to help ensure we have clean water to drink and clean air to breathe. I can’t think of any State in the country that doesn’t want clean water and doesn’t want clean air. It also supports important conserva-tion programs, including support for our national parks. Our national parks attract millions of visitors each year. What a treasure, allowing families to come and see such an important part of America. I think it is quite in the tra-dition of Teddy Roosevelt and others who had supported such parks, but it also has the Forest Legacy Program and the Land and Water Conservation Fund. The Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund is going to be beneficial for Vermont, New York, and, truly, the whole northeast region. The bill con-tinues our commitment to regional ef-forts to protect, restore, and preserve Lake Champlain, the largest body of fresh water in the United States out-side of the Great Lakes. I am pleased to report that the com-mittee rejected the misguided cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency proposed by the administration that would have set back the progress we have made in recent decades to pre-serve our environment not just for our-selves but for future generations. Finally, the Financial Services bill helps to support small businesses and local economies through the Small Business Development Centers Pro-gram and other related programs. Every one of us knows that small busi-nesses and local economies make up the strength of our States. It also funds regulatory agencies that U.S. citizens rely on to protect them from unfair, unsafe, or fraudulent busi-ness practices, like the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission and the Federal Trade Commission, which protect con-sumers. Yet we were able to reach con-sent to consider such a broad package of bills in the Senate. This is a broad cross section of issues, and every one of us had dif-ferent views. With the vast array of issues here, every one of the 100 Sen-ators here, if writing this legislation by himself or herself, may include something different or something else, and, then, of course, we would have nothing. Instead, Republicans and Democrats came together. I think a lot of this comes from the direct result of the Shelby-Leahy-McConnell-Schumer commitment to move forward on a bi-partisan basis. Senator S
HELBY and I met with the two leaders and said we wanted to do that. We wanted to actually show the Nation that the Senate can work, and we did it at spending levels agreed to in the bipartisan budget deal. We rejected new poison pill riders from the right and the left or controversial author-izing legislation. We will all have issues about which we care deeply, but we had to come to-gether on what is in the best interests of the country, and, frankly, as a Sen-ator for almost 44 years, it was in the best interests of the Senate. I think Senator S
HELBY would agree with me that achieving this goal of re-porting strong, bipartisan bills took considerable restraint on both sides of the aisle, but that restraint is what is required to get these bills through the Senate. But I worry that the House is proceeding on a different path. They have passed partisan bills filled with poison pill riders that cannot and will not pass the Senate. Funding the government is one of our most basic constitutional responsibil-ities. If you go across this country, you will find that the American people ex-pect us to work together. They expect us to reach across the aisle and to reach agreement on these bills. The programs funded in these bills make a real difference in the American peo-ple’s lives, and they shouldn’t be held hostage to unrelated partisan policy fights. So I hope that when we get to conference on these bills, the House will reverse and do their work in a bi-partisan fashion for the benefit of all Americans—not just Republicans, not just Democrats, but all Americans. I especially want to thank Chairman S
HELBY for his partnership on these bills. I also thank the chairs and rank-ing members of each of the subcommit-tees. If they hadn’t been willing to work and cooperate together, we wouldn’t have these four bills before us. Again, I note that they went through unanimously. We had reached a point where some thought that we couldn’t get unanimous agreement in the Senate that the sun rises in the east. Maybe we couldn’t, but we did get unanimous agreement here, and thank goodness. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I am pleased to begin the Senate debate on the fiscal year 2019 appropriations bill for Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agen-cies. Our bill has been included in the appropriations package now before this Chamber. Let me begin my remarks this morn-ing by thanking Chairman S
HELBY and Vice Chairman L
EAHY for their leader-ship in advancing these appropriations bills in record time. It is great to see the Senate getting back to regular order in moving the appropriations bills across the Senate floor, allowing for robust debate and amendment, and then bringing those bills to conference with our House counterparts. That is the way the system should work, as op-posed to all of these bills being bundled together in an enormous, many thou-sand-page omnibus appropriations bill. I am very pleased to see the progress that we are making. I also want to acknowledge the hard work and commitment of my friend and colleague Senator JACKREED, who serves as the ranking member of the T- HUD Subcommittee. I have worked very closely with Senator R
EED in drafting this bill. We have also re-ceived input from more than 70 Sen-ators, with in excess of 800 requests, each of which we very carefully evalu-ated. So I can assure this Chamber that this legislation is truly bipartisan. The T-HUD bill provides $71.4 billion for our Nation’s critical infrastructure and housing programs. This bill con-tinues the significant infrastructure investments provided in fiscal year 2018 for our Nation’s highways, bridges, air-ports, transit, and rail networks. As a result, communities across this coun-try will be able to improve their trans-portation infrastructure to enable more efficient and safer movement of people and goods. Improving our infra-structure is essential for our continued economic growth as well as for per-sonal mobility. The fiscal year 2019 T-HUD bill con-tinues the increases for infrastructure programs resulting from the 2-year budget agreement that was reached by Congress and the administration. I would note, however, that the budget agreement does not provide for the long-term funding structure necessary for our Nation’s transportation infra-structure. I want to strongly encourage the administration to work with the authorizing committees to provide that long-term, sustainable funding for transportation before the FAST Act expires at the end of fiscal year 2020. Our bill provides $1 billion for BUILD grants, previously known as the pop-ular TIGER grants program. These grants have supported not only much needed infrastructure projects but also jobs and economic growth in each and every one of our home States. I want to provide my colleagues with an indica-tion of just how popular this program is and how strong the demand is. In the 2017 round of TIGER grant ap-plications, the Department of Trans-portation received 452 applications re-questing more than $6 billion, well above the $500 million provided last year, which could fund only 41 projects. You can see that the demand far ex-ceeds the amount of funding. So we are taking action in this bill to double the funding for BUILD grants. That will help many more projects become a re-ality. I have seen in my own State the investments in bridges, ports, and transportation projects that have made such a difference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.006 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5232 July 24, 2018 
I would now like to turn to the avia-tion provisions in our bill. We provide $17.7 billion in budgetary resources for the Federal Aviation Administration, or the FAA, which fully funds air traf-fic control personnel, including more than 14,000 air traffic controllers and more than 25,000 engineers, mainte-nance technicians, safety inspectors, and operational support personnel. The bill also provides $1 billion for the FAA Next Generation Air Transportation Systems Program, also known as NextGen, and $168 million for the pop-ular Contract Towers Program. The NextGen Program is so important to the modernization of our air traffic control system, and we have consist-ently funded that program, and it is being implemented in a way that is going to make a real difference. Consistent with the FAST Act, $46 billion is made available for the Fed-eral-Aid Highway Program from the highway trust fund. In addition, the bill provides $3.3 billion from the gen-eral fund for our Nation’s highways, of which $800 million is for bridge replace-ment and rehabilitation in rural areas of our country. The American Society of Civil Engi-neers conducts a comprehensive assess-ment of our Nation’s infrastructure every 4 years. Its most recent report card from 2017 shows that America’s in-frastructure remains poor and in des-perate need of investment. In fact, the engineers award a grade of only D-plus for our Nation’s infrastructure. To give you some statistics to em-phasize why we are receiving such a low grade, let me talk about our Na-tion’s bridges. One in nine of our Na-tion’s bridges is rated as structurally deficient, and the average age of our country’s more than 600,000 bridges is 42 years old. Our national highway sys-tem contains infrastructure that is now well past its useful life. Some bridges are more than 100 years old, and many are unable to accommodate today’s traffic volumes. I was recently in Piscataquis County, where a TIGER Grant Program was al-lowing the replacement of some very old rural bridges. The amount of rust on these bridges and the narrow width made them extraordinarily dangerous. They were at risk of being posted so that traffic could go across only in one direction. When you looked up at the trusses, you could see where trucks loaded with lumber had dented the trusses because they were far too low. They were built for a different era. It is important for safety reasons—as we have seen with bridges collapsing in this country or having to be posted— that we make this kind of investment. Our bill also invests in our Nation’s rail infrastructure by providing $2.8 billion for the Federal Railroad Admin-istration. This includes $1.9 billion to Amtrak for the Northeast Corridor and National Network, continuing service for all current routes. In May, our subcommittee held a hearing in response to serious rail acci-dents, such as the tragic derailment last December in Washington State. Our bill continues to fund positive train control implementation to im-prove the safety of our trains. In addi-tion, the bill provides $255 million for the Consolidated Rail Infrastructure and Safety Improvement Grants Pro-gram and $300 million for the Federal- State partnership for the State of Good Repair Grants Program. These invest-ments in rail will help ensure that both passengers and freight move more safe-ly and efficiently throughout our coun-try. The State maritime academies play a critical role in training the next gen-eration of U.S. mariners. Our bill pro-vides $40 million for the maritime academies as well as an additional $300 million for a special purpose vessel to be used as a training school ship. In accordance with MARAD’s guid-ance, the new training ships will go to replace existing training ships in the order in which these ships are expected to reach the end of their useful life. That is the only logical way for us to proceed. Last year, we appropriated funds to replace the 57-year-old ship used by the New York State maritime academy, and this year’s funding will go to re-place the Massachusetts Maritime Academy’s aging vessel. Again, we are going in the order that the Maritime Administration tells us these ships will be at the end of their useful life. It would be great to be able to re-place all of the ships at the same time, but we simply can’t afford to do that, and that is where prioritizing the ships as the agency recommends comes in. Replacing these ships is, however, im-portant to providing training capacity for all six of the State maritime acad-emies, including the one that I am very proud of, the Maine Maritime Academy in Castine, Maine. It will ensure that cadets receive the training hours they need to graduate on time and join the workforce. In the area of housing, our priority is to ensure that our Nation’s most vul-nerable families and individuals do not lose the assistance they are now receiv-ing, which prevents many of them from being at risk of homelessness. There-fore, the bill provides the necessary funding to keep pace with the rising costs of housing these families in order to avoid their becoming homeless. Much of the increased funding covers the higher costs of rental assistance for the most vulnerable among us, includ-ing our homeless veterans, our youth, our disabled citizens, and low-income seniors. Senator R
EED and I share a strong commitment to reducing, and someday ending, homelessness. We have there-fore included $2.6 billion for homeless assistance grants. We have also made critical investments to reduce home-lessness among our veterans, our youth, and survivors of domestic vio-lence. Specifically, to assist our home-less youth, we have provided $80 mil-lion for grants targeting this under-served population. I visited a wonderful youth shelter in Lewiston, ME, called New Beginnings. I was so impressed with the work they were doing with teenagers, in par-ticular, many of whom had been exiled from their homes—as much as I hate to say it—or abused or otherwise found themselves homeless. Because of the safety of this shelter, they were con-tinuing their schooling, they were learning life skills, and they were safe. Yet, I will tell you, this is the only shelter in the State of Maine that is devoted solely to the needs of homeless youth. There is such a need in this country. There are other shelters that try to ac-commodate young people in the State of Maine and are doing their best, but this is an area where we need to pro-vide more assistance. To better support youth who are exiting the foster care system, the bill includes $20 million for family unifica-tion vouchers. That is the real gap in our system. What happens—and I know that many Members share my con-cern—is young people ‘‘age out’’ of the foster care program, and they may have nowhere safe to go. For our Nation’s senior population, many of our seniors receive section 8 housing, but our bill also includes $678 million for housing for older Ameri-cans. Of this amount, $10 million will provide grants to nonprofit and State and local entities to do home modifica-tions for low-income seniors, enabling them to stay in their own homes and to age in place. I am very excited about this program because of hearings I have held in the Senate Aging Committee, which I am privileged to chair. What we have learned is, oftentimes, upgrading and putting grab bars in a bathroom, wid-ening door openings, putting sensors on the refrigerator door—doing modifica-tions like that can allow our seniors to stay where they want to be, in the comfort, security, and privacy of their own homes. Not only will these low- cost home modifications enable seniors to remain in their homes, but they also reduce the need for more costly nurs-ing homes and other assisted housing options. For our Nation’s homeless veterans, the bill provides $45 million for the highly successful HUD-VASH Program, including $5 million to serve our Native American veterans living on Tribal lands. Despite the administration, once again, proposing to eliminate this ef-fective program, the subcommittee continues to provide adequate funding. This program is a real success story. Since we initiated it in 2010, veterans homelessness has fallen by 46 percent. Let’s continue our work to reach the goal of ending homelessness altogether among our veterans. Another important issue—and a pas-sion of our ranking member, Senator R
EED, and I—that is addressed by the bill is lead paint in homes, which is of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.008 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5233 July 24, 2018 
particular concern to families with children under the age of 6. Our bill provides $260 million to combat lead hazards. These grants will help commu-nities protect children from the harm-ful effects of lead poisoning. Again, I have seen this in my home State. Lewiston, ME, our second larg-est city, has very old housing stock, and it has a great deal of lead paint. Grants are helping this city deal with this problem, thus improving the health and safety of pregnant women and young children and avoiding dis-ability and developmental problems for those young children. These grants will help communities across America protect children from the harmful effects of lead poisoning. While our bill certainly helps vulner-able families, it also recognizes the challenges facing local communities. Boosting local communities is critical to job creation and helping our commu-nity neighborhoods thrive and our fam-ilies obtain financial security. The bill supports local development efforts by providing $3.3 billion through the Community Development Block Grant Program. That is one of the most popular programs we provide. If you talk to any mayor or town council, they will tell you how flexible the CDBG Program is and how, as the mayor in Maine with whom I recently met told me, it helps them customize the funding to meet the program needs of their communities. It may be infra-structure. It may be affordable hous-ing. It may be sprucing up the down-town. It may be supporting local busi-nesses. This is a great program. It is not a Washington dictated program. It is one that responds to local needs. We also provide $1.4 billion for the HOME Program. The CDBG and the HOME Program support the develop-ment of infrastructure projects, com-munity development, affordable hous-ing, economic development, and job creation. I appreciate the opportunity to present this legislation to the Cham-ber. As we begin debate on the Trans-portation-HUD bill, I urge my col-leagues to support the investments in this bill, which will pay dividends to our communities, our veterans, our children, our low-income families, and our seniors. Our bill was unanimously reported by the Senate Appropriations Committee. We are certainly open for business for amendments. I commend my friend and colleague Senator R
EEDfor his hard work and for that of our staffs on both sides of the aisle in crafting this bill. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The Senator from Rhode Is-land. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise in support of H.R. 6147, the so-called ap-propriations ‘‘minibus,’’ which includes the fiscal year 2019 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill, as well as three other bills. I am certainly proud to have worked with Chairman COLLINS . She has put together a thoughtful, bipartisan T- HUD Appropriations bill that reflects the priorities of more than 70 Senators, who provided more than 800 funding or language recommendations. Her lead-ership and her commitment to fairness and to ensuring that all of our col-leagues had the opportunity to help make investments in their States are remarkable and deeply appreciated. We looked at all of our colleagues’ suggestions and recommendations. We also received guidance from Chairman S
HELBY and Vice Chairman L EAHY , and I appreciate their creative and con-structive role. As a result, we were able to produce legislation I am remarkably proud of, and I again thank the chair-man for her great work. The bill does not include any poison pill riders, which follows the principle established by Chairman S
HELBY and Vice Chairman L
EAHY . This agreement has given the com-mittee space to evaluate the requests of the administration and Congress and to provide funding levels that support national priorities. I strongly urge my colleagues to maintain this effort and not get diverted by very peripheral and narrow interests in the form of what is frequently referred to as ‘‘poison pills.’’ Having said that, as the chairman in-dicated, we welcome amendments and encourage Senators to file them as soon as possible so we can begin to work through them. We have already heard from a few colleagues, and we have several amendments we are pre-paring to move forward. Substantively, let me share some of the significant accomplishments in this year’s T-HUD bill. Consistent with the budget agreement, the bill includes $10.9 billion in budgetary resources above fiscal year 2017 levels to improve our Nation’s infrastructure, grow our economy, and spur job creation. The bills include $3.3 billion above the levels provided in the FAST Act for highway programs, including $800 mil-lion for a bridge repair and replace-ment program. On rail and transit, we have main-tained Amtrak’s funding level from fis-cal year 2018, including $650 million for the Northeast Corridor, to make mean-ingful state of good repair and safety improvements. We have also fully fund-ed the need for Capital Investment Grants and have increased transit for-mula and competitive grant programs above FAST Act levels. These modes of transportation are essential to reduc-ing congestion, driving economic growth, and improving quality of life throughout the country. I am also pleased that we have a bill before us that protects rental assist-ance for more than 5 million low-in-come individuals and families, over half of whom are elderly or disabled, and rejects the administration’s harm-ful proposals to increase rent burdens and work requirements for many of our assisted households, who are already struggling to make ends meet. The bill also provides $285 million for programs that remediate lead-based paint hazards in low-income and as-sisted housing. This includes $25 mil-lion to address lead-based paint haz-ards in public housing and $45 million for a new Lead Safe Communities Dem-onstration Program, which has the po-tential to reduce the cost of remedi-ating lead-based paint hazards in homes. For our Nation’s seniors, the bill in-cludes more than $50 million to develop new senior housing and $10 million to modify low-income seniors’ homes to make them more accessible. In Rhode Island—and we are not unique—nearly half of our senior households lack an affordable housing option. This funding will be used to develop innovative housing strategies and ensure that our Nation’s seniors are able to remain in their communities. It is remarkable. Half of our seniors are without afford-able housing, and that number is only going to grow as the demographics of this country continue on their present course. Again, in terms of housing, let me single out an issue where the chairman has been extraordinarily not only con-scientious but also courageous. That is homelessness among youth, veterans, and survivors of domestic violence. Chairman C
OLLINS has done remark-able work. She has been building on the work we did together on the HEARTH Act to develop innovative, targeted ways to comprehensively ad-dress homelessness nationally. I am pleased we are able to include more than $2.6 billion in assistance for com-munities to continue to provide emer-gency and community-driven solutions to prevent and end homelessness. Let me also say a few words about the other bills that are part of this minibus package—the Agriculture Ap-propriations bill, the Interior Appro-priations bill, and the Financial Serv-ices-General Government Appropria-tions bill. Each of these bills includes important funding for key programs, and each has steered away from the kind of controversial legislative provi-sions that would prevent them from moving to the floor. I am pleased the Agriculture bill in-cludes critical funding for nutrition, conservation, and research, including additional funding to help foster the growth of shellfish aquaculture. The Interior bill continues to make important investments in infrastruc-ture through the State Revolving Loan Fund programs for clean water and drinking water, which Senator C
RAPO  and I have championed on a bipartisan basis for many years. The bill highlights the need to estab-lish a maximum contaminant level for PFAS, a category of chemicals that has been used in a wide variety of prod-ucts, including firefighting foam. Frankly, as Ranking Member of the Armed Services Committee, I have been told of numerous military facili-ties across the country where this fire-fighting foam has been used for 30 or 40 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.010 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5234 July 24, 2018 
years, and now we are beginning to rec-ognize the potential environmental ef-fects. Dealing with this issue now, or beginning to deal with it, is a very thoughtful approach. In addition to providing critical dol-lars for our national parks, wildlife ref-uges, and cultural institutions, this bill also funds the Southeast New Eng-land Program for Coastal Watershed Restoration to support collaborative and science-based projects that im-prove the health of Narragansett Bay and other coastal watersheds in Rhode Island and Massachusetts. Finally, the Financial Services-Gen-eral Government bill makes important investments in our leading financial regulators—the SEC and the CFTC—as well as provides funding for the Com-munity Development Financial Insti-tutions program, the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas program, and the SBA’s State Trade Expansion Pro-motion program. I commend the chair and ranking member of each of these subcommit-tees for their hard work on these bills. Before I conclude, I note that these smart investments and well-crafted bills would not have been possible without the passage of the 2-year Bi-partisan Budget Act, which provided much needed relief from sequester- level budget caps, but that is only a 2- year deal, which expires at the end of fiscal year 2019. With the return of harmful sequester cuts looming in 2020, this bill should serve as a reminder of why we must pursue another bipartisan agreement to provide relief on both the defense and nondefense sides of the ledger. Without such a deal, we will not be able to continue our infrastructure and other investments that make a positive difference in communities across America. Again, let me conclude by thanking, recognizing, and deeply appreciating the chairman for her extraordinary vi-sion and her commitment to those val-ues and those issues that are remark-ably demonstrated in this bill: afford-able housing for seniors, assistance for the homeless, and ensuring that we have money for infrastructure. This bill shows a remarkable com-mitment to infrastructure across the country. When the President was cam-paigning, he talked about a trillion- dollar infrastructure bill. That has not materialized. What has materialized is robust funding for infrastructure in this bill, and that is a direct contribu-tion of the chairman. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I am pleased to introduce the fiscal year 2019 appropriations bill for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Ad-ministration, and Related Agencies. I am glad we are considering appropria-tions bills on the floor in a manner that allows us to fully debate amend-ments. I am pleased also to join my col-leagues from the Subcommittees on In-terior; Transportation, Housing and Urban Development; and also Financial Services in putting together this legis-lation. For now, I am going to limit my comments to the ag provisions. I will defer to my colleagues on their provi-sions, but I look forward to our part-nership in moving these bills across the floor. The activities funded by the Agri-culture bill touch the lives of every American every day. I like to talk about how important good farm policy is because good farm policy benefits every single American every single day with the highest quality, lowest cost food supply. As we move this Agriculture appro-priations bill, that is what it is about. It is about our farmers and ranchers, no doubt about that, but it is some-thing that benefits every single Amer-ican every single day. These activities include ag research, conservation activities, housing and business loan programs for rural com-munities, domestic and international nutrition programs, and food safety and drug safety. Funding for each of these deserves thorough and thoughtful consideration. The subcommittee has made difficult decisions in drafting this bill. We had to choose and we had to prioritize in terms of putting this legislation to-gether, but I think we brought forward a bill that works. It is one that got broad-based bipartisan support from the Appropriations Committee. It is written to our allocation of just over $23 billion. That is about $200 mil-lion above the current enacted level. We worked hard to invest taxpayer dol-lars responsibly, funding programs that provide direct benefits to our farmers, our ranchers, and rural communities, supporting programs that provide di-rect health and safety benefits, again, to every single American every single day. Ag supports more than 16 million jobs nationwide. It forms the backbone of our rural communities. Our agricul-tural producers are the best in the world at what they do, and we have to work hard to give them a level playing field because they produce food, fuel, and fiber for this country but also for countries around the world. We really do feed the world, so we need access to those markets to do so. This is, of course, in part, the result of smart investment in America’s ag research infrastructure, something that truly helps our farmers and ranch-ers, our producers do what they do every day. Ag research helps us do it better, more cost-effectively, with higher quality, and more productivity. That is why I am pleased this bill puts significant emphasis on maintain-ing research programs at our land- grant schools, colleges and univer-sities, across this Nation and funding for competitive research programs such as the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative. These programs are critical to help-ing our farmers increase production, and they expand our Nation’s economic growth. As I say, they feed not only this country but really the world. Not only does every dollar spent on ag re-search result in a $20 return on invest to the U.S. economy, research invest-ment also results in a food supply that is safe, abundant, and affordable. I am also glad the agriculture bill prioritizes funding for rural infrastruc-ture. Included is $425 million for rural broadband grants and loans, putting our 2-year investment in rural broadband at over $1 billion. Through fiscal year 2018-fiscal year 2019, we will put over a billion dollars into rural broadband, making sure all Americans, wherever they may live—whether they are in an urban area or out in the most rural part of our country—have the op-portunity to access the world wide web and be part of the innovation and tech-nology that goes with it. With this funding, we will make tremendous strides in bridging the digital divide in urban and rural communities. Broadband availability remains a challenge for States like mine, a rural State, and other rural States. Farmers need access to new precision tech-nologies to help their operations run more efficiently. It is also essential for rural communities to have sufficient broadband if they hope to attract new businesses and grow their local econo-mies. I am proud to say that we put funding in this bill to help to do just that. I thank Senator M
ERKLEY , our rank-ing member, for the bipartisan working relationship that we have on the Agri-culture Subcommittee. I also want to applaud and express my appreciation to Chairman S
HELBY for working to re-turn our Appropriations Committee to regular order. I think this ag bill that we are presenting today reflects a well- balanced compromise, and it illus-trates that the Senate can work to-gether on important issues like this one. I certainly hope that my colleagues will join me in supporting this legisla-tion. With that, I turn to our ranking member, Senator M
ERKLEY . I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, as ranking member of the Agriculture Ap-propriations Subcommittee, I rise today to discuss the Agriculture appro-priations bill. This is a good bill that was drafted in a bipartisan manner and passed out of committee unanimously. A big thanks goes to Chairman H
OEVEN for his hard work on the bill, as well to members of his team who worked closely with members of my team throughout this process and con-sidered requests and concerns from Senators on both sides of the aisle. In his budget request, President Trump proposed more than a 25-percent cut to USDA’s funding. He also zeroed out a number of very important pro-grams, including programs that benefit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.021 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5235 July 24, 2018 
rural America, along with research programs and domestic and inter-national nutrition programs. The bill that came out of the Appropriations Committee rejects those devastating cuts that were presented in the Presi-dent’s budget request. This bill, which is within the sub-committee’s discretionary allocation of $23.2 billion, makes smart, targeted investments in programs that are im-portant to the American people while keeping out controversial policy riders. In this bill we maintain funding for im-portant rural development programs while building on the increases pro-vided last year for rural infrastructure initiatives, including rural water and waste programs and a broadband pilot program. These programs are vital in providing rural communities the abil-ity to support entrepreneurs to be able to grow their businesses, creating much needed jobs in the community. The bill protects vital research pro-grams and makes important new in-vestments for the organic industry. The Organic Transitions Program is funded at $6 million. The National Or-ganic Program is funded at $15 million. The Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education Program is funded at $37 million. All of these are historic fund-ing levels that demonstrate the com-mitment to a vital and rapidly growing industry. What else does this committee bill do? It supports funding for farm owner-ship and farm operating loans. With farm incomes on the decline, access to credit is crucial for farmers to stay in business. Farm loans will serve the most disadvantaged in the farming sec-tor, including farmers who are just starting out, as well as ranchers, mi-norities, women, and veterans. I am also pleased that we were able to include $150 million in funding for the Watershed and Flood Prevention Operations Program to protect our wa-tersheds and help to prevent floods, re-duce erosion, and protect wildlife habi-tats. With a backlog of $850 million for projects that have already been author-ized, this funding is much needed. For domestic nutrition programs, our bill maintains funding for the Summer Electronic Benefit Transfer for Chil-dren Program, which provides access to food for low-income children during the summer months when schools are out of session. Beyond that, the bill provides for $30 million for school meal equipment grants, $18 million for the Farmers’ Market Nutrition Program, and $238 million for the Commodity Supplemental Food Program. This bill also protects SNAP, or the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program, which 42 million Americans rely on. It does not provide provisions that would eliminate benefits to those who qual-ify. On the international front, the bill maintains strong funding for nutrition programs such as Food for Peace and McGovern-Dole. Since its inception, Food for Peace has reached over 3 bil-lion people in 150 countries and more than 32 million people last year alone. I have been in the field to see the im-pact of this program for communities that rely on it in some of the hardest hit parts of the world affected by con-flict and climate chaos and corruption. This support is a considerable feature of what people around the world see in terms of the United States reaching out to assistant communities in need worldwide. Meanwhile, in 2017, the McGovern- Dole Program fed 4.5 million children, and it helps to support education and food security for low-income countries, as well as increasing school attend-ance. This program supports good health and better education for chil-dren around the world, with a par-ticular emphasis on girls. In the state of the world today, we need programs like Food for Peace and McGovern- Dole, which have a proven track record. I am pleased that we have worked in a bipartisan to ensure that these programs are funded. The bill in front of us supports the important work of the FDA, or the Food and Drug Administration, through a $159 million increase in the agency’s funding. Included in that funding increase, among other things, is full funding for the Oncology Center of Excellence, modernizing the generic drug review process, investment and innovation for rare diseases, and the continuation of last year’s work on opioid prevention activities. I know, and my fellow Senators understand, just how important that opioid addic-tion prevention program is. 
TRIBUTE TO JESSICA SCHULKEN  
Mr. President, before I conclude, I wish to take a moment to recognize an outstanding member of the Agriculture Subcommittee team. Jessica Schulken will be leaving us in the next few weeks after almost 19 years on the Appropriations Com-mittee. Her accomplishments are nu-merous. During her years on the com-mittee, she has been a tireless advocate for our Nation’s farmers and ranchers, a fierce protector for rural America, a staunch advocate for ensuring that the Food and Drug Administration has all the resources it needs, and a defender of transparency who has worked hard to ensure that these agencies are an-swerable to Congress. I cannot begin to adequately express the tremendous work that she has done on this committee as clerk. I speak for many who know how sorely she will be missed. Here is a big thanks to Jessica Schulken for her years of service and dedication, and I wish her well in her new chapter of life. The process on this agriculture ap-propriations subcommittee bill has been emblematic of the type of good, strong bipartisan work that we would like to see much more often here in the Senate—bipartisan work that has as-sisted our ranchers, bipartisan work to assist our farming communities, bipar-tisan work to support rural commu-nities and rural infrastructure. So I look forward to getting this bill passed, getting it through conference, and get-ting it to the Oval Office. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the Financial Services and General Government appropria-tions bill for 2019. As chairman of the subcommittee, I have really enjoyed working with the ranking member, Senator COONS , and all of the members of the Appropriations Committee. However, for many Members of this Chamber who are not on the Appropria-tions Committee, today will be their first close look at an appropriations bill from our subcommittee. It has been months in process, with many oversight hearings, a lot of debate, a lot of amendments, a lot of back and forth with a tremendous amount of input from Members of this body, and it is finally actually on the floor. It has been nearly 7 years since the Financial Services and General Gov-ernment appropriations bill has actu-ally been considered on the Senate floor. In November of 2011, the Senate began consideration of the combined appropriations package for Energy and Water, Financial Services, and State and Foreign Operations. Unfortu-nately, the floor consideration of that bill was halted shortly after it began, and Members were not able to offer amendments or have their voices heard. We are looking forward to that changing today. This week’s debate will subject the Financial Services and General Gov-ernment appropriations bill to public scrutiny and an open amendment proc-ess on the Senate floor for the first time since the subcommittee was es-tablished in 2007. It is too long in com-ing. I applaud the leadership of Chair-man S
HELBY and Ranking Member L
EAHY , who were determined to see the committee return to regular order. A little bit of sunshine will help us in this process. I am a firm believer that openness and transparency result in a better legislative product. It is my hope that today starts a trend where the appropriations bills that are sel-dom seen outside the committee, such as the Financial Services and Interior appropriations bills, can be debated openly and amended on the Senate floor. We have made a concerted effort to make responsible decisions in allo-cating resources and to be responsive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.011 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5236 July 24, 2018 
to the requests we have received from Members of both sides of the aisle, and we welcome continued input and pro-posed amendments from other Mem-bers. This Financial Services and General Government bill totals $23,688,000,000. It includes funding for a diverse group of 27 different independent agencies. It includes the Executive Office of the President, the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Judiciary, and the District of Columbia. The bill does not include any budget gimmicks or empty CHIMPS, or changes in manda-tory program spending, which are often used as a gimmick by appropriations. It does not include those. The bill provides targeted funding in-creases for the Treasury Department to combat terrorism financing, for the Federal courts to support their admin-istration of justice, and for the GSA’s Federal Buildings Fund, including the acquisition of the headquarters build-ing for the Department of Transpor-tation, rather than continuing to pay $49.4 million in annual rental payments for a building that is their head-quarters. We will move back to actu-ally owning that building to save the taxpayers that money. This bill also fully funds GSA’s re-quest for basic repairs and major re-pairs. Basic and major repairs are not glamorous appropriations accounts, but they are exceptionally important to maintain and protect the taxpayers’ dollars. The bill also makes critical invest-ments in our Nation’s financial mar-kets, by providing targeted increases for the Securities and Exchange Com-mission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. After years of flat funding for the CFTC, or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, including a $1 million cut last year, this bill provides an increase to the CFTC in recognition of their critical role overseeing our swaps, futures, and options markets. Support for the CFTC was a priority for a number of Senators in this Cham-ber on both sides of the aisle, and I am pleased that we were able to accommo-date it this year. The bill provides $11.26 billion to the Internal Revenue Service for the ad-ministration of our Nation’s tax laws. Of this amount, $77 million is dedicated to implementing the new Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. That bill has been enor-mously successful in helping to turn around our economy, wherein our GDP growth has grown exponentially over the last year. Yet we have to fully im-plement that bill, and the additional $77 million is dedicated to that. Aside from tax reform, we are able to provide an increase of $75 million in base funding for the IRS. This increase to the Operations Support account over the fiscal year 2018 enacted level will provide for investments in information technology infrastructure to reduce re-liance on legacy systems. The total amount for the IRS includes $2.5 billion for Taxpayer Services and $4.86 billion for Enforcement. We have two critical goals for the IRS—improving taxpayers’ access to quality customer service and address-ing the tax gap, which is the amount owed but actually not paid. The IRS needs help in the customer service area. It has asked for additional funding, and we have asked it for addi-tional focus on customer service. We have given that this time. We have also asked the IRS to deal with the tax gap, which are taxes owed that individuals do not pay. This is not a change in tax law; it is enforcing existing tax law. Our current tax gap is right at $400 bil-lion a year. Addressing this tax gap is critical to reducing the deficit and re-storing our Nation’s fiscal health. The bill prioritizes the Federal Gov-ernment’s response to the opioid crisis. Our bill keeps our Nation’s focus on the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program, with there being $280 million allocated, and on the Drug- Free Communities Program, with there being $99 million allocated through the Office of National Drug Control Policy. The bill provides a funding increase to the U.S. Postal Service Inspector General to address the growing concern of narcotics trafficking through the mail system. We have to pay attention to that. The bill includes $2 million in new funding for the Council of the In-spectors General on Integrity and Effi-ciency for improvements to the website oversight.gov. If folks have not already gone to oversight.gov to see the work of our inspectors general, I would en-courage them to do that if they need some additional help. Their work needs to be highlighted, and we need to actu-ally implement those recommenda-tions. IGs are on the frontlines of efforts to reduce waste, fraud, and abuse in the Federal Government, and their rec-ommendations produce billions of dol-lars in cost savings. We need to actu-ally see those cost savings and imple-ment them. Oversight.gov has im-proved the accessibility and promi-nence of their work, and I am confident this effort will produce even greater savings in the future by maintaining a database of open IG recommendations at oversight.gov. Again, I thank my friend Senator C
OONS and express my appreciation for the way he and his staff have worked with us this year. As this bill moves forward, I look for-ward to hearing from all of our col-leagues about how we can further ad-dress their priorities through the amendment process. We look forward to doing something historic—of actu-ally passing an FSGG bill on the floor of the Senate and of working through this process in an open and transparent way. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I am proud to join my colleague, Senator LANKFORD of Oklahoma, in bringing our committee bill—the Financial Services and General Government ap-propriations bill—to the floor. I thank the full committee chair and the vice chairman, Senators S
HELBY  and L
EAHY , for their leadership and their bipartisan work that has laid out the process we are now following to make real progress on our appropria-tions process. I thank Chairman L
ANKFORD for working with me on this bill, and to my colleague Senator L
ANKFORD , of Oklahoma, I express my appreciation for his being a great partner, for our positive experience in working to-gether, and for how much I value our collegial relationship. I also thank the key staff of this sub-committee—Andy Newton, Lauren Comeau, and Brian Daner—as well as my own staff—Ellen Murray, Diana Hamilton, and Reeves Hart. These six folks are, I think, exemplars of the peo-ple who work here year in and year out, week in and week out and who help make it possible for us to craft large and complicated, bipartisan com-promise bills like this one. We are grateful for the positive working expe-rience they have had together and for the spirit with which they have worked to make this bill possible. I am confident this bill fairly allo-cates funding among many competing priorities, given the subcommittee’s al-location and its broad jurisdiction. Senator L
ANKFORD and I have followed the guidance of the full committee chair and vice chair and have kept this bill free of new controversial riders. Overall, this bill appropriates $23.688 billion, which is a small increase over that in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus bill that was enacted earlier this year. I would like to take this opportunity to briefly highlight how this bill will impact both Delawareans, whom I rep-resent, and Americans across our whole country. The bill provides $250 million for the Community Development Financial In-stitutions Fund, which supports devel-opment in some of America’s poorest communities. The President’s budget had recommended cutting this vital program down to just $14 million, which would have completely elimi-nated any new grant funding, but I am proud this bipartisan Senate bill re-stores all of the funding for this effec-tive and vital program. This bill rejects the transfer of two vital anti-drug programs—the High In-tensity Drug Trafficking Areas Pro-gram, known by its acronym HIDTA, and the Drug-Free Communities—from the Office of National Drug Control Policy to the Justice Department. I am grateful that at this time when opioids are a crisis of academic propor-tions, which I hear about week in and week out in my home State of Dela-ware, that we have rejected an ill-con-ceived proposal to move these pro-grams to other agencies, where I have been concerned they would receive re-duced funding and scant attention. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.012 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5237 July 24, 2018 
am pleased, instead, that they will stay with the Office of National Drug Con-trol Policy. This bill provides $281.5 million for the CFTC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. This is an in-crease of $32.5 million. It is critical the CFTC is able to keep pace with the dra-matic changes in the marketplace as it regulates, particularly with the emer-gence of cryptocurrencies and complex financial products and international trading platforms. I think it is critical that the CFTC be able to modernize its investments, as this is what it is re-sponsible for. The Federal judiciary will receive $7.251 billion in funding, an increase of $140 million over the fiscal year 2018 enacted level. In particular, the de-fender services and court security ac-counts, which I have long been atten-tive to, will receive robust funding. This bill vitally increases funding for the basic operations of the Internal Revenue Service. The IRS may not be the most popular of Federal agencies, but it touches almost every American and is central to the legal and appro-priate and efficient collection of rev-enue and for being responsive to con-stituents and customers. This bill in-creases funding for the basic operations of the IRS, and it fully funds the re-quest for the cost of implementing the comprehensive new tax law. I hope we continue to work to in-crease funding for this vital agency in conference because the IRS has IT sys-tems that are out of date, and cus-tomer service can still improve. As the chairman and I have both commented in previous hearings, we need to con-tinue to make progress in closing the $400 billion tax gap—the gap between what is owed and what is collected in tax revenues every year. This bill includes $1.66 billion for the Securities and Exchange Commission, the SEC. Given the number of publicly traded firms that have an incorpora-tion footprint in my home State of Delaware, I am particularly interested in making sure the SEC has the re-sources it needs and is investing those funds efficiently and effectively, as it is the watchdog that helps to make sure our securities are being exchanged in ways that are transparent and legal and appropriate. There is a provision within the De-partment of the Treasury that I want to highlight briefly of $159 million being appropriated specifically for the Office of Terrorism and Financial In-telligence. It is an increase of $17 mil-lion over last year, just over 10 per-cent. This office has the responsibility of enforcing economic sanctions across the globe. It also has a very broad and very im-portant responsibility, and it is key that we have been able to work on a bi-partisan basis to ensure funding is ade-quate not only to continue the imple-mentation of sanctions against North Korea and Iran but also to make sure we are fully enforcing the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Account-ability Act and that we are enforcing sanctions in other places in the world— Africa, for example—where we have longstanding sanctions that need more thorough enforcement. This bill provides funding for the Small Business Administration—a re-markably effective Federal agency that punches above its weight. This bill rejects the President’s proposed cuts to the SBA’s grant programs by either re-storing or increasing funding to vir-tually every initiative within the SBA. These grants are essential to the SBA’s mission of supporting small businesses so local communities across our country have greater economic op-portunity. I am particularly pleased, within the suite of SBA-related serv-ices, to support the SCORE Program, which has one of the highest ratios of volunteers and civic outreach and im-pact to Federal investment. Groups of volunteers all over the country offer business tools, workshops, and men-toring to dedicated entrepreneurs and small business owners. SCORE was ini-tially founded in my home State of Delaware, in the city of Wilmington. So I have enjoyed working in a bipar-tisan way to reauthorize it during this Congress. This bill also includes a well-de-served pay adjustment for Federal ci-vilian workers. Last year, Federal em-ployees received a cost-of-living in-crease of 1.9 percent. The cost of living is growing at a faster rate than that. So, this year, the bill includes that same level, which, I think, is an impor-tant bipartisan compromise to ensure that our civilian workforce receives the support it has earned. Lastly, we did include, last year, election security grants of about $380 million in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus to help protect States and their voting systems from cyber attacks. The chair-man is the cosponsor of an authorizing bill that is critical we take up and move independent of the appropria-tions process. I also do think, this year, we should have provided more for appropriations to our States to make sure they are strengthening their cyber security as we are just 4 months from a general election. In closing, let me again thank the staff members of the subcommittee who worked so well together. Let me thank Senator L
ANKFORD , my colleague from Oklahoma, for his great and positive attitude and for his deter-mination in making sure these dollars are spent wisely. We may not agree on everything, but we have been able to agree on this thing, which is signifi-cant and historic progress, as the very first ever floor markup of the FSGG bill now begins. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this week, we will continue the confirma-tion process for Judge Brett Kavanaugh, who, as we all know, has been nominated by President Trump to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. I say we will continue the confirmation process because there has already been a questionnaire issued by the Judiciary Committee to which the nominee has responded. I know White House Counsel and others are already trying to put their heads together with the George W. Bush Presidential Library, down in Dallas, as well as with the National Ar-chives, to be responsive to the docu-ment requests that have been made for the judge. As the author of more than 300 pub-lished opinions, Judge Kavanaugh is a well-known judicial nominee. I think his experience from the last 12 years on the DC Court of Appeals has clearly demonstrated he has the experience that the job on the Supreme Court re-quires. He is also enormously well respected among the legal community. We have seen op-eds written by professors—all of them scholars—who say that Judge Kavanaugh can more than hold his own when it comes to legal analysis. We have heard this from people who share his judicial philosophy and those who do not share his judicial philosophy. They have a broad mutual respect for his intellect and his integrity. We have heard about his mentorship of law clerks, both men and women, liberals and conservatives. As I say, we have received testimonials from profes-sionals across the ideological spec-trum. Last week, a group of 80 former students from Harvard Law School, where Judge Kavanaugh taught, sent a letter to the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. As you might imagine, they have a variety of perspectives on judi-cial philosophy and a wide range of po-litical views, but they all agreed that Judge Kavanaugh is a rigorous thinker, a devoted teacher, and a gracious per-son. Lastly, we have heard from the nomi-nee himself. On the night President Trump announced his choice, Judge Kavanaugh said that he believes an independent judiciary is the crown jewel of our constitutional Republic. He promised to keep an open mind in every case, as a judge should, to uphold the Constitution of the United States, and to preserve the rule of law. Those words and the opinions from his many supporters demonstrate that Judge Kavanaugh is the right person to re-place Justice Kennedy on the Supreme Court. Most people agree that it is the Supreme Court’s job to fairly interpret the law, not to substitute their own 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.014 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5238 July 24, 2018 
judgment—political, ideological, or personal—for that of Congress’s when Congress has spoken, and I believe Judge Kavanaugh understands that deeply. A number of our colleagues across the aisle have been left grasping at straws given his outstanding qualifica-tions and the fact that he was con-firmed back in 2006 to the second most powerful court in the Nation, the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. Judge Kavanaugh is a well-known nominee both to the Senate Judiciary Committee and to the Senate itself, but some have recently criticized Judge Kavanaugh for expressing oppo-sition to the independent counsel stat-ute even though, once upon a time, they supported ending that very same statute themselves. There was bipar-tisan consensus to essentially let that statute lapse. So it is ironic that some are now using that as a point of criti-cism. For example, in 1999, my colleague, the senior Senator from Illinois, called for getting rid of the statute, claiming that it allowed independent counsels to be unchecked, unbridled, unrestrained, and unaccountable. That just goes to show you—if you are in the Senate long enough, you are likely to find yourself on both sides of an argument. But in this case, there is no merit to any criticism of Judge Kavanaugh for something that Democrats and Repub-licans both agreed to do, which is to let the independent counsel statute lapse. Another weakness in their argument is that there is a real difference be-tween special counsels, such as Robert Mueller, and independent counsels under the old statute. They are not the same thing. When Judge Kavanaugh spoke years ago about the independent counsel statute, he was referring to a law that Congress ultimately agreed in a bipar-tisan fashion to let expire and not renew because it was felt that inde-pendent counsels—particularly the last independent counsel, Ken Starr—had too much autonomy to investigate and prosecute any misconduct without clear rules and guidance and without clear oversight by Congress and the De-partment of Justice. We know that spe-cial counsels are different. They are constrained by regulations and are overseen by senior lawyers at the De-partment of Justice, and in the case of Director Mueller, by the Deputy Attor-ney General himself. It would be useful if our friends across the aisle would ac-knowledge this difference and this his-tory. A new poll has shown that significant majorities of voters in States such as North Dakota, West Virginia, and Indi-ana all want to see Judge Kavanaugh confirmed. Support is even stronger among Independents. I expect that as more Americans get to know him in the weeks ahead, those numbers will rise. This nomination for a vacancy on the Supreme Court is Chairman G
RASS -LEY’s 15th Supreme Court confirmation hearing, and I have no doubt that when he says this one will be the most searching and thorough of all of them, he means it. I look forward to working with all of our colleagues on the Judiciary Com-mittee to ensure that Judge Kavanaugh has a full and fair hearing, and not pull any punches whatsoever, but if the object is to delay for delay’s sake or to criticize for criticism’s sake, we intend to call that out during this process. Based on what I have read and seen so far, I believe Judge Kavanaugh will ultimately be confirmed. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE  
UNITED STATES  
Mr. President, there is one other item of business I want to mention, and it is some very good news we re-ceived yesterday. The House and Sen-ate conferees announced an agreement on the National Defense Authorization Act, the NDAA. I am glad to hear that the final version included legislation I sponsored called FIRRMA, the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act. The senior Senator from Cali-fornia, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , was my bipar-tisan cosponsor. I thank Senator C
RAPO , the chairman of the Banking Committee, who ush-ered this legislation through that com-mittee, where it passed unanimously, and Senator I
NHOFE for leading the conference here on the Senate side and seeing that this important piece of leg-islation was included. In June, President Trump called on Congress to pass a strong piece of legis-lation to modernize what is known as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS. Now we are going to do exactly that. The Senate version of the bill updates CFIUS so we can guard against at-tempts—primarily by China but not only by China—to acquire sensitive dual-use technology and know-how by exploiting gaps in the U.S. rules on for-eign investments. This legislation takes a carefully tai-lored approach to updating the review process without hamstringing our abil-ity to meaningfully engage in trade with partners around the world. It is not anti-foreign investment—just the opposite is true—but it is all about pro-tecting our crown jewels when it comes to leading-edge technology that can be easily acquired through creative in-vestment strategies, and then, along with the intellectual property and know-how, our competitors, such as China, can gain tremendous advantage. I appreciate the support we have got-ten from Secretary Mnuchin, our Treasury Secretary; Secretary Mattis, the Secretary of Defense; and many others. I again thank Senator F
EIN-
STEIN for being the chief Democratic cosponsor. This has been a bipartisan effort from day one. The message is, we simply can’t let China erode our national security ad-vantage by circumventing our laws and exploiting investment opportunities for nefarious purposes. The backdoor transfer of technology, know-how, and industrial capabilities has gone un-checked for too long. That is why I am glad that once our bill becomes law, a newer, stronger CFIUS process will better protect us from evolving, invest-ment-driven threats to our national se-curity. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. CRUZ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TABLE ROCK LAKE BOAT TRAGEDY  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am here today to remember the 17 victims who lost their lives last week in the tragic boat accident on Table Rock Lake in Missouri. At one time, I lived in Branson. Our home is now in Springfield, MO. It is a community that I represented in the Congress for 14 years before having the chance to represent them in the Sen-ate. Of course, the community has re-sponded. But one of the reasons the community has responded in the way that it has is the truly tragic loss of life. There were 31 people on the boat that was overwhelmed by the water. Of those 31 people, 17 died. Of the 17 that died, 9 of the victims were members of the Coleman family from Indianapolis, IN. Tia Coleman lost her husband, Glenn, and all three of their children. On Saturday, Tia asked that her fam-ily members be remembered as they were. She said that her daughter, 1- year-old Arya, was a little fireball with 1,000 different personalities. Her 7-year- old son, Evan, according to his mom, was a great brother who was extremely smart and witty and loved life. Her 9- year-old son Reese, according to his mom, was the happiest little boy and made every day worth living. Tia’s nephew, Donovan Hall, who was the other surviving member of that family, lost his mother Angela and his brother Maxwell. Tia described her sis-ter-in-law Angela as a loving mother who would do anything for her family, and 2-year-old Max loved big hugs. Tia was laughing through her tears as she remembered her Uncle Ray as a man who liked to laugh and have a good time. Tia’s father-in-law, Horace ‘‘Butch’’ Coleman, is being remembered in Indi-anapolis as a legend in the community, having volunteered for more than four decades as a youth football coach. He and his wife, Belinda Coleman, were in-volved in the community. Belinda was described as a loving mom, a loving grandmother, and as a leader in their church. Tia asked that all of us keep the Coleman family in our prayers as they adjust to this terrible tragedy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.016 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5239 July 24, 2018 
Rosemarie Hamann and William Asher, from the St. Louis area, had just celebrated Rosemarie’s 68th birth-day. Their friends say they loved to dance and live life to the fullest. They both gave back to their community through local veterans organizations. William and Janice Bright, from Higginsville, MO, were in Branson cele-brating their 45th wedding anniversary. They are survived by their 3 children and 16 grandchildren, with another grandchild on the way, who will never get a chance to see their grandparents. The Smith family of Osceola, AR, is mourning the loss of 53-year-old Steve Smith, a retired educator, and his 15- year-old son Lance. The Smiths were very active in their church. Steve was a deacon and Lance felt the call to the ministry at 15. He had just recently de-livered his first sermon. Leslie Dennison from Illinois died a hero. This 64-year-old grandmother pushed her 12-year-old granddaughter to the surface of the water, helping save that girl’s life before she was over-whelmed by the water. Former church pastor Bob Williams, who was driving the boat, was remem-bered by the Branson mayor, Karen Best, as ‘‘a great ambassador for Branson’’ and an active member of the community. Certainly in the coming days we will learn more about these men and women and children and the lives they led and the lives that were ended trag-ically. We will also learn about the ac-cident itself. Senator M
CCASKILL and I were both there on the day after the accident as Federal officials arrived—the Coast Guard, responsible for certifying equip-ment like the boat that sank, and the National Travel Safety Board, which has the responsibility to investigate the accident and tell us what happened. Senator M
CCASKILL met with them early in the day. I met with them ex-actly 24 hours after the boat sank. As we were finished with that meet-ing and looking out at the placid Table Rock Lake, it was impossible to imag-ine that was the same lake that was in videos of what had happened the day before. Certainly Senator M
CCASKILL and I were also thinking of the first respond-ers, the medical staff, looking at what mental health care was available not only for people who survived the acci-dent but also for the people who re-sponded. There were people who were on a nearby showboat, the Branson Belle, who dove off the boat and immediately swam out to do what they could to help the people who were trying to save their own lives. One boat dock sent three or four different boats with basi-cally high school guys who are working at that boat dock in the summer. I am sure if you are a 16, 17, 18-year-old young man, you think everything is OK, but we were both insistent that they try to have the kind of mental health counseling they needed, along with the families and the survivors who were there, and certainly the com-munity, with services that reacted in the right way. It is unfortunate that we don’t think as much as we should about the NTSB and their efforts. One of the things that certainly they will be looking at is their investigation of a similar acci-dent almost 20 years ago in Arkansas on Lake Hamilton. The questions would be, I think, Did the Coast Guard do what they were supposed to do? Did the operators do what they were sup-posed to do? Did the equipment do what it was supposed to do? Certainly we will be looking carefully at the re-port to decide what needs to happen as a result of that report. Certainly this is an accident we wouldn’t want to see happen ever again. Since its inception, the NTSB has in-vestigated thousands of aviation and surface transportation accidents. They are busy right now investigating what happened in Branson, MO. Other exam-ples are the Southwest Airlines engine incident in April, the autonomous vehi-cle crash in Tempe, AZ, and the colli-sion of the Amtrak train and the CSX freight train in South Carolina. That is what they do. Its staff and leadership are on call 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Unfortunately, we have had two nominees for the National Transpor-tation Safety Board who have been pending for consideration for many months—one a Democrat, another a Republican. The confirmation of those two people would ensure that the NTSB has a full board to fulfill its crit-ical mission. I have been assured that we are going to move forward with those confirma-tions later today. I can also assure my colleagues that Senator MCCASKILL  and I and Congressman L
ONG will be closely monitoring the investigation as we learn what happened and do what we need to do to make sure it never happens again. So with gratitude to the first re-sponders, the medical staff, and the members of the Branson community who stepped forward to assist in this tragedy, I close my remarks and turn to Senator M
CCASKILL for whatever she may have to say about this event. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, I would like to thank my colleague. He and I were both in Branson last Friday. We didn’t have a chance to see each other, but we were both there for the same reason; that is, an unspeakable tragedy in our State that has Federal involvement because the investigations will occur jointly with the Coast Guard and the NTSB. I would echo many of the remarks that my colleague made. I particularly was struck when I was there—the high-way patrol divers had just finished their work. They had the worst job maybe in the country last Friday, but certainly in Missouri. Their job was to go to the bottom of the lake and find the bodies that had been trapped in this amphibious vehicle at the bottom of one of the most beautiful lakes in the world. We never want a tragedy like this to strike in our State. I will tell my col-leagues that the only silver lining I can find is that it happened in a part of our State where there is a great deal of love. There is a lot of openness in Branson, MO, for the travelers who come through, for all the tourists who come to Branson. We are very proud of that area of our State. The Ozarks have some of the most beautiful ter-rain God has created. These lakes that we have, both in the central part of our State and in the southwest part of our State, we are very proud of. They turned ugly and deadly last Thursday, and we have had a tremendous loss of life. This investigation will take a year or more. I join my colleague in urging the Senate to approve these two nominees that have been pending for too long. It is my understanding we have gotten movement on that today. It is sad that it would take a tragedy like this to get this moving, but I believe that by the end of the day—I am at least opti-mistic at this point; I don’t know what my colleague Senator BLUNT has learned, but I have learned that it ap-pears that these nominees will be ap-proved by the end of the day. There were incredibly difficult weather conditions, but there are in-herent dangers in these amphibious ve-hicles. We know this. How do we know this? Because it has been investigated before. We have had 40 deaths associ-ated with duck boats since 1999, yet there has been little done to address the inherent danger of these amphib-ious vehicles. We had 13 deaths in Ar-kansas in Lake Hamilton in 1999, 4 deaths in the Ottawa River in Ontario, Canada in 2002, 2 in the Delaware River in Philadelphia in 2010, and then the 17 deaths that occurred last week. Addi-tionally, we had five deaths when a ve-hicle collided, when it had an on-land collision in Seattle in 2015. Back when the NTSB investigated the incident in Arkansas, which is about 200 miles south of Branson, they found contributing factors to that acci-dent to be the lack of adequate buoy-ancy that would have allowed the vehi-cle to remain afloat in a flooded condi-tion, the lack of adequate oversight by the Coast Guard, and, importantly, also the canopy. When these vehicles are on water, the canopy serves as a trap if they take on water and are sinking. People who are trying to get out have no easy way to escape this sinking vehicle because the canopy traps them within the vehicle. It also is a problem in terms of wear-ing life jackets because if someone has a life jacket on and one of these vehi-cles goes down in the water, they get trapped against the roof even more be-cause the buoyancy of the life jacket holds them against the roof and makes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.017 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5240 July 24, 2018 
it even more difficult for them to get to some point of ingress or egress. These are not open vehicles. When they are in the water, it is almost like an enclosed bus. It is almost like— imagine if you are on an airplane in the water or on a bus in the matter. It is not a boat; it is a vehicle. So the NTSB recommendations were pretty straightforward. Unfortunately, noth-ing happened as a result of those rec-ommendations. I am in the early stages of drafting legislation with input from the NTSB and the Coast Guard to require that the design issues with these passenger vessels be addressed and that the boats that are not compliant be taken out of service until they can be compliant. We think that their past recommenda-tions are reasonable and common sense. We really think the biggest problem that has to be addressed is this reserve buoyancy that has been pointed out in the past as part of the significant problem. If they can’t do the buoyancy on a really timely basis, at a minimum, remove the canopies if they are going on the water so there is an opportunity for people to escape what is a sinking coffin, which it was; it was a sinking coffin for way too many people last Thursday. As always, I want this to be done in a way that makes sense, but I don’t think it makes sense for us to wait an-other year to address some of these glaring issues in terms of passenger safety. I also would like to take a moment to recognize the victims in this trag-edy. We had five victims who were from Missouri: William Asher, 69, and Rose Marie Hamann, 68, who both lived in St. Louis; Janice Bright and her hus-band, William Bright, 63 and 65, from Higginsville, MO, closer to Kansas City; Bob Williams, the driver, not the captain of the vessel, 73 years old, who lived in Branson. From Arkansas, Steve Smith was 53, and Lance Smith was 15 years old. From Illinois, Leslie Dennison was 64 years old. Maybe the most heartbreaking, in some ways, was the large family who lost so many members as a result of this vehicle sinking in the Table Rock Lake: Angela, 45; Belinda, 69; Ervin, 76; Glenn, 40; Horace, 70; and then the Coleman children, including Reece, who was 9; Evan, who was 7; Maxwell, who was 2; and Arya, who was only 1 year old. We mourn their deaths. I do think this is a situation where you do feel helpless. On the other hand, I do think there are steps we can take so that these particular amphibious vehicles are addressed in terms of passenger safety so that there is never again a feeling of helplessness when one of these boats finds itself in a situation where it is taking on water but the people in the vehicle cannot get out of the vehicle in order to save themselves and can’t even avail themselves of life preservers in a way that would protect them if for any reason they were not capable swimmers. I am very proud of both NTSB and the Coast Guard, who were working well together when I was down there. Mayor Best was doing a terrific job. The Red Cross was there in full display in terms of providing services. The peo-ple of Branson were in the midst of an outpouring of love, affection, respect, and sympathy—and the entire State. Our Governor has done a good job. Frankly, it is the silly season for me. This is the time when there are rel-atively few weeks until an election, and the fur is flying, and the politics go back and forth. It was like an oasis on Friday in terms of everyone coming together, setting their politics on the side of the road, and trying to work to-gether to find answers to these difficult questions and come together as we should and find a way to protect the traveling public and the people. The saddest thing about this is the people who went on this vehicle went because they were there having a great time. That is probably a cruel irony of this situation. They weren’t taking a bus on the way to work. They weren’t taking a plane on a business trip. They were enjoying a beautiful location with their family in the middle of what should have been a carefree moment, and it turned deadly and tragic. We do need to come together and try to make sure this doesn’t happen in the future. With a respectful nod to all the first responders and the people of the Branson community who have been so supportive, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, before the two Senators from Missouri leave the floor, let me express my personal condolences to them, which I know are shared by each and every Member of this body. The tragedy in Missouri is absolutely heartbreaking for the fami-lies, for the community, and for the State, and I want our two colleagues from Missouri to know that we stand with them during this very difficult time. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 3405 AND 3422 TO AMENDMENT  
NO. 3399 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following amendments be called up en bloc: Hell-er amendment No. 3405 and Durbin amendment No. 3422. I further ask con-sent that at 2:15 p.m. today, there be 5 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote in relation to the Heller and Durbin amendments in the order listed and that there be no second-de-gree amendments in order to the amendments prior to the votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments by number. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Maine [Ms. C OLLINS ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 3405 and 3422 en bloc to amendment No. 3399. The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3405 (Purpose: To increase the amount available for a Community Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grants program for tax return preparation assistance) On page 154, line 14, strike ‘‘$15,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$20,000,000’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3422 (Purpose: To require the Inspector General to update an audit report concerning on- time performance of Amtrak) In the matter under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES  
AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘O FFICE  
OFINSPECTOR GENERAL ’’ under the heading ‘‘N
ATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORA -
TION’’ in title III oCf division D, in the fourth proviso, strike ‘‘Government.’’ and insert the following: ‘‘Government: Provided further, That not later than 240 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General shall update the report entitled ‘Effects of Amtrak’s Poor On-Time Performance’, num-bered CR-2008-047, and dated March 28, 2008, and make the updated report publicly avail-able.’’. f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:35 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ERDUE ). 
f 
INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, FINAN-CIAL SERVICES, AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3405 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I rise today in support of my amendment, Heller-Brown amendment No. 3405. This bipartisan amendment increases funding for the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Program, better known as VITA, by $5 million for the next fiscal year. Building upon the success of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, it is important that we take additional steps to ensure that Nevada families are fully able to real-ize the benefits of the new tax laws and maximize their returns. The VITA Pro-gram is one way to do that. The VITA Program offers free tax help to lower income and middle-in-come taxpayers—those who often need it the most—by helping them to pre-pare and file their income tax returns. Every year, VITA programs help tens of thousands of Nevadans and millions of taxpayers nationwide keep more of their hard-earned money. As a sta-tistic, in 2015, VITA sites helped nearly 23,000 Nevadans file their returns and processed refunds that exceeded $25 million. That is why I urge all of my col-leagues to join me and Senator B
ROWN  in supporting hard-working American taxpayers and voting yes on this bipar-tisan amendment, Heller-Brown amendment No. 3405. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.018 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5241 July 24, 2018 
I yield the remainder of my time to the Senator from Ohio. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this is a big deal for Americans making $15,000, $20,000, $30,000, or $40,000 a year. They will get a refundable tax credit if they claim it—if they can figure out how to claim it, because it is sometimes too complicated. They can get $2,000, $3,000 $4,000, or sometimes a little more than that, in the refundable tax credit. That is money in their pockets to buy school clothes. It is money in their pockets to fix a car that is broken down. It is money in their pockets so they can take their kids to a restaurant occa-sionally. Filing taxes is complicated for every-one. It can be particularly challenging for those claiming the EITC. Wall Street CEO’s and big companies have armies of accountants. This is for working-class families making $20,000, $30,000, or $40,000 a year. I thank Senator H
ELLER . I ask sup-port for the Heller-Brown amendment. It will matter to so many working fam-ilies in Mansfield, Toledo, Sandusky, and all over Ohio. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3422 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, Senator W
ICKER of Mississippi and I have a bi-partisan amendment that means a lot to thousands of people who use Am-trak. It has been 10 years since we asked the inspector general of Amtrak to do a study of on-time performance. On-time performance has a direct im-pact on the number of people who ride on Amtrak trains, how frequently they use them, and how much they rely upon them. There is a problem. Am-trak owns very few railway tracks in America. They share the tracks with freight trains, and the freight trains have been pushing ahead of them and making the Amtrak trains wait. How long did they wait? Between 2016 and 2017, in 1 year, there was 17,000 hours of delay on Amtrak trains di-rectly attributable to freight trains that didn’t yield the way to the Am-trak trains. That is just one factor. Senator W
ICKER and I have asked the inspector general to do a report on on- time performance that we can consider in making Amtrak more efficient, more profitable, and more popular with Americans. I hope our colleagues will support our bipartisan amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise in support of Senator D
URBIN and Senator W
ICKER ’s amendment. It would direct the Amtrak inspector general to up-date a report from 10 years ago that ex-amined Amtrak’s on-time performance. Some Amtrak routes, particularly along Amtrak’s national network, are experiencing frequent delays, which makes train travel a less dependable option and discourages ridership. Ten years ago, the IG report found that the delays were the result of host railroad dispatching practices, track maintenance, speed restrictions, insuf-ficient track capacity, and, often, ex-ternal factors beyond the host rail-road’s control. The information that the Amtrak IG will collect in this report will be used to identify ways to improve coordina-tion between Amtrak and the freight railroads. I commend the authors for their amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 3405 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on agreeing to the Heller amendment No. 3405. Ms. COLLINS. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 98, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 164 Leg.] YEAS—98 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—1 
Paul 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The amendment (No. 3405) was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 3422 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on agreeing to the Durbin amendment No. 3422. Mr. WICKER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. MCCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 99, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 165 Leg.] YEAS—99 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING— 1 
McCain 
The amendment (No. 3422) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today to speak on the latest efforts to derail the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to be Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. I would like to focus today on a few areas where at-tacks have come up. Judge Kavanaugh’s critics, faced with an exceptionally well-qualified, baseball-loving, carpool-driving nomi-nee, are struggling to find anything that might slow or even stop his con-firmation. Let me focus today on a few areas where their attacks have come up short. It seems that some folks can’t men-tion Judge Kavanaugh without sug-gesting in the same breath that his confirmation would somehow be the death knell of Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. It can be dif-ficult to keep straight critics’ dizzying array of claims on these separation of powers issues, but it is worth taking a closer look to set the record straight. It was hard to miss the headline, ‘‘Brett Kavanaugh Once Argued That a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.023 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5242 July 24, 2018 
Sitting President Is Above the Law,’’ or the article that suggested Judge Kavanaugh ‘‘has been an open advocate for precisely the sort of imperial presi-dency that the founders of the Amer-ican experiment feared.’’ Democrats soon piled on, but never in the law review article that spurred this hysteria did Judge Kavanaugh sug-gest that a President would be immune from civil or criminal liability. Rather, he suggested that, as a policy matter, it might be wise for Congress to enact a law that would defer such litigation until the President leaves office, and, of course, Congress could accelerate that timeline through impeachment. Judge Kavanaugh’s law review arti-cle represents an interesting policy proposal—and one, it is worth noting, that he offered while a Democrat was in the White House. The critics’ at-tempts to equate his policy rec-ommendations with his views on the constitutional limitations on prosecu-tions of sitting Presidents are simply wrong. If anything, Judge Kavanaugh’s recommendation that Congress enact a law suggests that in the absence of any such legislation, a sitting President can be investigated and perhaps even prosecuted. Then there was the hoopla over Judge Kavanaugh’s statement that he would ‘‘put the final nail’’ in the ruling that upheld the constitutionality of independent counsels; never mind the fact that the independent counsel stat-ute expired nearly two decades ago and was described by Eric Holder as ‘‘too flawed to be renewed.’’ Today, special counsels, such as Rob-ert Mueller, are appointed pursuant to Department of Justice regulations. They do not represent the same con-stitutional concerns as the independent counsel statute. By conflating inde-pendent counsels and special counsels, Judge Kavanaugh’s critics ignore his own record on the matter. In a dissenting opinion he wrote last year, Judge Kavanaugh himself ob-served: ‘‘The independent counsel is, of course, distinct from the traditional special counsels who are appointed by the Attorney General for particular matters.’’ But Democrats just figure that the average American will gloss over the distinction between inde-pendent counsels and special counsels and tune out legal experts who say that Judge Kavanaugh’s views on the inde-pendent counsel law have absolutely nothing to do with the Mueller inves-tigation. By the time we are on to them, Democrats will have already moved on to a new line of attack. The latest was the minority leader’s suggestion that Judge Kavanaugh ‘‘would have let Nixon off the hook’’ based on comments Judge Kavanaugh once made about the Supreme Court’s unanimous decision in the United States v. Nixon. They forced President Nixon to turn over the Watergate tapes, but those comments—read by some who would suggest that Judge Kavanaugh thinks the case was wrong-ly decided—ignores the context of those specific remarks and the moun-tain of evidence that Judge Kavanaugh agrees with the Court’s ruling in Nixon. There is the law review article in which Judge Kavanaugh wrote that there was ‘‘no need to revisit’’ Nixon and that the case ‘‘reflects the proper balance of the President’s need for con-fidentiality and the government’s in-terest in obtaining all relevant evi-dence for criminal proceedings.’’ More recently, he has cited Nixon as one of ‘‘the greatest moments in Amer-ican judicial history . . . when judges stood up to the other branches, were not cowed, and enforced the law.’’ Those sure don’t sound like the words of a judge who is critical of the Court’s decision in Nixon, much less a judge who would vote to overrule it, but this more fulsome look at Judge Kavanaugh’s writings on the issue is at odds with the Democrats’ campaign to paint Judge Kavanaugh as an existen-tial threat to the Mueller investiga-tion. So they are content to cherry- pick and mischaracterize Judge Kavanaugh’s record. On the subject of Judge Kavanaugh’s record, I would also like to talk about the Democrats’ fixation on the issue of Judge Kavanaugh’s documents from his years of service in the executive branch. It has only been 2 weeks since President Trump nominated Judge Kavanaugh, and yet Democrats seem more interested in using their time talking about documents they do not yet have rather than carefully review-ing the unprecedented number of docu-ments that are already available to the Senate and the American public. Spe-cifically, we aren’t hearing much from Democrats about the more than 300 opinions Judge Kavanaugh has au-thored during his time on the Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia. In these opinions, Judge Kavanaugh has addressed a vast array of hot-button issues Democrats claim to be so interested in: separation of powers, administrative law, national security, religious liberty, immigra-tion, and so many more. Something Judge Kavanaugh told me when I met with him recently really stuck with me. He told me, he hoped people would actually read his opin-ions, not just articles about his opin-ions but actually read the opinions themselves. So I would urge my Senate colleagues to indulge Judge Kavanaugh on this point. These opinions are gold for any Senator making an honest ef-fort to evaluate Judge Kavanaugh’s ju-dicial philosophy. Judge Kavanaugh has spent the past 12 years in public service and as a Fed-eral appellate judge. Now, he has been nominated to be—you guessed it—a Federal appellate judge. I can think of no better evidence of Judge Kavanaugh’s judicial philosophy or his qualifications to serve on our Nation’s highest Court than the thousands of pages and opinions he authored during his time on what is arguably our Na-tion’s second highest Court. If Demo-crats actually took the time to follow Judge Kavanaugh’s advice and read his opinions—not just articles about them or summaries prepared by staff—they might be disappointed to learn that there is nothing to suggest that people will die if he is confirmed, and they might actually learn how Judge Kavanaugh interprets the Constitution and the laws passed by Congress. Isn’t that what all of this commotion is about? It is about documents. Isn’t that really what it is about? I suggest Judge Kavanaugh’s opin-ions should be more than enough to as-sess his qualifications and judicial temperament, not to mention the thou-sands of pages from his time in the ex-ecutive branch that are already pub-licly available. I understand this rep-resents just a fraction of the docu-ments the Senate will ultimately re-ceive—likely to be far more than those received for any other Supreme Court nominee in history. Senator G
RASSLEY has pledged that relevant records will be made available through a fair and thorough process, but, for some, it is never enough. We have heard Democrats claim they are not demanding every scrap of paper that crosses Judge Kavanaugh’s White House desk, but they have also said the standard for determining what is rel-evant and subject to production should be whatever Senators—in other words, Democrats—think is relevant. Some have even claimed that all the docu-ments are ‘‘extremely relevant.’’ Well, if Democrats think the stand-ard for document production should be whatever Senators think is relevant— and they think everything is relevant— then it sure sounds like they are ask-ing for every scrap of paper. Now, it is true that Republicans sought White House documents for Jus-tice Kagan’s nomination, but these two nominations—Kagan and Kavanaugh— are hardly comparable. At the time of her nomination, Justice Kagan had no judicial record to speak of whatsoever, having never served as a judge at any level. She had no written opinions. There was almost nothing we could use to assess her judicial philosophy. The White House record was among the very limited information we had to gauge her fitness to serve, so, of course, we asked to see it. By contrast, Judge Kavanaugh has 12 years of expe-rience on the Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, the sec-ond highest Court in this country, and that is not even to mention over 300 opinions. Again, thousands of pages have been written clearly outlining Judge Kavanaugh’s views on the Constitu-tion. If Judge Kavanaugh’s extensive record is not enough to paint a clear picture of judicial philosophy, then what is? What more do Democrats need to know that this is a man who is emi-nently qualified to serve on our Na-tion’s highest Court? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.027 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5243 July 24, 2018 
I can only think of one reason a Sen-ator would need every scrap of paper to evaluate the qualifications of a judicial nominee—any nominee, for that mat-ter—that is, if they are going on a never-ending fishing expedition, which is clearly what the Democrats have been doing since the day Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination was an-nounced. I urge my colleagues to follow Judge Kavanaugh’s advice. Read his opinions. You undoubtedly will learn something about how Judge Kavanaugh interprets the Constitution and the laws passed by Congress. Then, by all means, con-tinue your fishing expedition, but at least you will have consulted the record that matters the most. All I can say is, this man has an ex-cellent record. There are plenty of things to look at. The more you look at them, the more you realize this fel-low does really belong on the Supreme Court, and he will make a difference in the future. 
PIONEER DAY  
Mr. President, on another matter, I wish to speak today in celebration of Pioneer Day, a holiday my home State of Utah observes each July 24 to com-memorate the arrival of the Mormon pioneers to the Great Salt Lake Valley. On this special day, Utah and commu-nities in other States remember the ex-traordinary history of the Mormon pio-neers who endured tremendous hard-ship in search of religious freedom in this great country that is set up for re-ligious freedom, but they were mis-treated and fought against from day one. In honor of Pioneer Day, I submitted a Senate resolution recognizing the sacrifices of the Mormon pioneers in their pursuit of religious liberty and their invaluable contributions to the settlement of the American West. I hope the Senate will join me in com-mending the pioneers for their example of courage, industry, and faith that continues to inspire people throughout the world. In the years following the establish-ment of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in 1830, the Latter- day Saints—or Mormons as they are more commonly known—encountered much religious persecution in this freest of all lands. They suffered phys-ical assault, threats of violence, death, in some cases, and war, prison, rape, and murder. Violent mobs damaged their houses and businesses, stole their property, and drove them from their homes. Especially devastating was the martyrdom of their leader and beloved prophet, Joseph Smith, who was shot and killed with his brother as well, by an armed mob. Despite the discrimination and abuse they endured—sometimes at the hands of government officials who should have protected them from violence and injustice—the Latter-day Saints re-mained a patriotic people who loved and revered the Constitution of the United States. Still, they recognized they would need to seek refuge in an unknown territory to live in safety and practice their religion free from hos-tility and abuse. In search of such a haven, the Mor-mon pioneers fled Illinois in the winter of 1846 and proceeded westward on a journey that would cover more than 1,300 miles of wilderness, across arid deserts, jagged mountains, and turbu-lent rivers. Along the way, the Mormon pioneers erected bridges, built ferries, and cleared trails to assist those who would follow their path. They established communities, planted crops, and ex-panded trade posts that provided the crucial supplies necessary to survive expeditions onward. They learned how to irrigate and make the desert blos-som as a rose, and their irrigation prin-ciples have been followed all over the world. They set up trail markers and charted maps that guided thousands of settlers westward. The United States certainly owes a debt of gratitude to those pioneers for their contributions to our Nation’s settlement of the West. Their service to our country did not come without significant personal cost. Throughout the arduous trek, the pio-neers battled harsh climates, illness, hunger, and exhaustion. Many lost their children, spouses, parents, and friends to exposure, disease, and star-vation. Yet they confronted crippling sorrow and hardship with incredible grace and a steadfast trust in their Heavenly Father. They expressed grati-tude for the strength to surmount each challenge and gloried in life’s daily miracles. What could have broken their spirit only fortified their convictions and drew them closer to the Divine. Upon entering Utah’s Great Salt Lake Valley on July 24, 1847, their new leader, Brigham Young announced: ‘‘This is the right place.’’ This pro-phetic declaration foretold how the valley would become home to many Latter-day Saints and their posterity. Unfamiliar with the area and with few resources at their disposal, the pio-neers worked together to plant their crops, irrigate fields, and build houses and businesses, thus transforming the barren desert into a thriving set of communities. Two years later, on July 24, the Lat-ter-day Saints first commemorated their arrival to their new home with a procession to Salt Lake City’s Temple Square for a special devotional fol-lowed by a feast of thanksgiving. Today, Pioneer Day is one of the larg-est regional celebrations in the United States, where we remember the early settlers with parades, flag ceremonies, reenactments, devotionals, sporting events, feasts, dances, concerts, fes-tivals, rodeos, and fireworks. The rich heritage of the pioneers is shared not only by Utahns and those of the Mormon faith but with people throughout the world, regardless of re-ligious affiliation. These pioneers dem-onstrated what can be accomplished when industrious and resilient people stand together as one to build a bright-er future. Their determination and in-genuity encourages our own pioneer spirit, calling on us to strive toward further progress and innovation. Their example of courage empowers us to tri-umph over adversity and inspires us to press forward with unconquerable faith and undaunted hope. On Pioneer Day this July 24, I hope we not only remember these remark-able pioneers but reflect on what we can do to follow in their footsteps and ensure their legacy lives on in us and in future generations. I am proud to be a descendant of these pioneers. My family was part of the pioneers. Yes, I was born in Pitts-burgh, but I couldn’t wait to move to Utah. I love Pittsburgh, but I love Utah more. I have to say, part of that is be-cause of my pioneer heritage and my desire to see that Utah continually im-proves itself and continually makes its case on how important these pioneers really were and are to us even today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, a lot of praise has flowed in for Judge Kavanaugh since his nomination, but I think the tribute that has struck me the most is the letter from his law clerks. These individuals have worked closely with Judge Kavanaugh and have a special insight into his tempera-ment and philosophy. Here is what they have to say: 
It is in his role as a judge on the D.C. Cir-cuit that we know Judge Kavanaugh best. During his time on the D.C. Circuit, Judge Kavanaugh has come to work every day dedi-cated to engaging in the hard work of judg-ing. We never once saw him take a shortcut, treat a case as unimportant, or search for an easy answer. Instead, in each case, large or small, he masters every detail, and rereads every precedent. He listens carefully to the views of his colleagues and clerks, even—in-deed, especially—when they differ from his own. He drafts opinions painstakingly, writ-ing and rewriting until he is satisfied each opinion is clear and well-reasoned, and can be understood not only by lawyers but by the parties and the public. We saw time and time again that this work ethic flows from a fundamental humility. Judge Kavanaugh never assumes he knows the answers in advance and never takes for granted that his view of the law will prevail. 
Those are the words of 34 of Judge Kavanaugh’s law clerks. Every one of Judge Kavanaugh’s clerks who was not prohibited by his or her job signed this letter. These clerks represent a diverse group. They wrote: 
Our views on politics, on many of the im-portant legal issues faced by the Supreme Court, and on judicial philosophy, are di-verse. Our ranks include Republicans, Demo-crats, and Independents. But we are united in this: Our admiration and fondness for Judge Kavanaugh run deep. For each of us . . . it was a tremendous stroke of luck to work for and be mentored by a person of his strength of character, generosity of spirit, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.029 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5244 July 24, 2018 
intellectual capacity, and unwavering care for his family, friends, colleagues, and us, his law clerks. 
This letter is a pretty significant tribute, and it confirms what has been clear from the beginning, and that is that Judge Kavanaugh is the type of judge who should sit on the Nation’s highest Court. His clerks describe a judge who takes the weight of his re-sponsibility seriously; a judge who is committed to reaching the right deci-sion in every case and who does the hard work necessary to get to that de-cision; a judge who approaches each case with an open mind, looking for what the law says, not the outcome he wants. As Chief Justice John Roberts fa-mously said, ‘‘Judges are like um-pires.’’ Their job is to call the balls and strikes, not rewrite the rules of the game. As Justice Roberts said, ‘‘Um-pires don’t make the rules; they apply them.’’ It is essential that a judge un-derstand this. If you are a judge, your job is to rule based on the law and the Constitution and nothing else. Your job is not to make policy. It is not to revise the law according to your per-sonal feelings or your political prin-ciples. Your job is to figure out what the law says and to rule accordingly. Why is this so important? Well, it is because the rule of law and equal jus-tice under the law only exist as long as judges rule based on the law. Once judges start ruling based on their polit-ical opinions or their feelings about what they would like the law to be, then we will have replaced the rule of law with the rule of individual judges. As the testimony of his clerks and many others makes clear, Judge Kavanaugh understands the role of a judge. He understands that his job is to interpret the law, not make the law; to rule based on the plain text of the stat-ute, not his personal opinions or polit-ical beliefs. In a 2017 speech at Notre Dame Law School, Judge Kavanaugh said: 
I believe very deeply in those visions of the rule of law as a law of rules, and of the judge as umpire. By that, I mean a neutral, impar-tial judiciary that decides cases based on set-tled principles without regard to policy pref-erences or political allegiances or which party is on which side of a particular case. 
I will say it again: That is the kind of Justice we want on the Supreme Court. I hope this Senate will take very seri-ously the responsibility we have to give fair consideration to this nominee. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, you couldn’t follow this President’s tweets with a roadmap, a GPS, a flashlight, and a program. It is impossible to un-derstand the policy of this administra-tion for this country, and when you try to follow his actions instead of his words, it is even more confusing. Over the past few weeks, President Trump’s conduct when it comes to for-eign policy has been head-spinning, even for him. To recap, he insulted our best allies of 70 years and then turned around and lobbied for Russia at a re-cent G7 meeting and again bullied our key allies at a summit on NATO. He then met privately with Russian Presi-dent Putin and then held a press con-ference with him in which President Trump blamed America and defended Putin’s words over the expertise of his own government intelligence agencies. Keep in mind that he also inexplicably met privately with President Putin at the G20 summit in Hamburg last year— an event which he initially denied. Why all these private meetings be-tween President Trump and President Putin? Why wouldn’t he let his Sec-retary of State sit in the room? Why wouldn’t he let his National Security Advisor witness the conversation? I don’t know the answer to these ques-tions, and neither does America. Then the President tried to back-pedal from some of his most out-rageous statements. At the end of the day, after trying that and deciding it wasn’t worth the effort, he backed around again and decided to side with President Putin. It is impossible to keep track of where this President has been or is going. President Trump then questioned the bedrock NATO alliance, asking why the United States should come to the defense of one of its members. Inciden-tally, that is the heart and soul of the NATO alliance—article 5: We stand to-gether. When the United States was at-tacked on 9/11, it was the NATO alli-ance that stood with us when we struck back at Afghanistan and al-Qaida. They stood by us because of article 5, the very basis of the NATO alliance, which this President has questioned. He said that no U.S. President has been harder on Russia than President Trump. He argued: ‘‘I think President Putin knows that better than any-body.’’ Then he said he wanted to in-vite President Putin to the United States as his special personal guest. Go figure. As President Trump weakens a great military alliance like NATO, bullies our allies of seven decades, cozies up to a foreign dictator, and talks in circles about his bizarre tweets and actions, what has been the priority of the Re-publican Party on the floor of the Sen-ate since the summit—the disastrous summit—at Helsinki? Well, the Repub-lican leader, Senator MCCONNELL , has not spoken on the Senate floor on this issue since the Helsinki summit, not even one time. Why aren’t we urgently moving legis-lation to protect America’s member-ship in NATO, ensure the integrity of our upcoming election, and fully imple-ment last year’s Russian sanctions bill? I can’t answer that. I don’t think the Republican leader can answer it ei-ther. Those are national security prior-ities. Maybe it isn’t surprising because when Senator MCCONNELL was told about the Russian intervention in our last 2016 election by the top intel-ligence officials of the U.S. Govern-ment and asked to make a bipartisan statement condemning it, he declined. Why would a congressional leader not want to join in a bipartisan effort to warn a foreign power to stop its attack on democracy? Why the silence on this floor, on that side of the aisle, since the Helsinki summit conference? There is not absolute silence. I will commend my ailing but respected and often-quoted colleague J
OHNMCCAINin Arizona, who sends messages from his home to this Chamber, to the U.S. Sen-ate. What did he call the Helsinki sum-mit? ‘‘[O]ne of the most disgraceful performances by an American presi-dent in memory.’’ J
OHN MCCAINhas never been one to mince words. I have to say that quote hit the nail on the head. I want to put another word in here. Every time I hear politicians and all the smartest people on Earth on tele-vision referring to what happened in the 2016 election as the Russians med-dling in our election—you heard that term, ‘‘meddling’’ in our election? If a seasoned criminal broke into your home to case it for a later burglary, would you say that burglar was just meddling? No. ‘‘Breaking and enter-ing’’ might be the proper term. That is what happened with the Russians in the 2016 U.S. election. They broke and entered our election system across the United States. The reason I know that, one of the targets happened to be my home State of Illinois. They found a way to sneak into the computers of the Illinois State Board of Elections and, according to the Special Counsel’s recent indict-ment, stole information related to ap-proximately one-half million voters in my State of Illinois. The State discov-ered it and sent out warnings to voters whose registration data may have been accessed. Was that meddling? Not in Illinois. Those were fighting words. That was a cyber attack by the Russians on the State of Illinois Board of Elections, and they followed up by trying to hit 20 other States as well. Meddling? Give me a break. This is a cyber act of war by the Russians, and our intelligence officials of the Trump administration—like Dan Coats, the Director of National Intelligence—have warned us, the red lights are blinking again. They are coming back. What are we doing about it? Nothing. There will be a chance for my Repub-lican colleagues to join the Democrats in a bipartisan effort to take this seri-ously before it is too late. What do we have left, 105 days until the election? It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.030 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5245 July 24, 2018 
is not much time. The question is whether we will do something to try to protect our election system. Every Member of this Chamber will have an opportunity to vote to ensure that State and local election officials have the resources to stop any other effort by the Russians to interfere in our election. Earlier this year, we came together and passed a bill—a bipartisan bill— that provided $380 million in fiscal year 2018 omnibus spending for States to modernize and secure their election systems. Funding gave the States flexi-bility to tackle the most critical prior-ities: replacing outdated voting ma-chines, for example, that have no paper trail, updating election computer sys-tems to address cyber vulnerabilities. The Election Assistance Commission reports that 55 different entities, in-cluding all the States and territories, have requested funding from this grant program. That was an important first step. It was bipartisan. It should be done. It was done, but it is not enough. After the 2000 election, and months of news coverage about hanging chads and butterfly ballots, Congress passed a Help America Vote Act to address the outdated election infrastructure in America. We authorized $3.8 billion to respond to this issue. A few months ago, we authorized one-tenth of that to respond to the Russian threat. We need to respond to that threat in a much more robust manner. I received a memo from our election authorities in Illinois specifying how they plan to spend their grant funds and what they need to do to be more certain that their election operations and machinery are intact, and vir-tually every State can provide me with a similar memo. We need to respond to this threat in a meaningful, robust manner. We know full well in Illinois what the Russians could have done to us. If they had taken 500,000 voter registration records and simply changed one number in the street address of each voter, let me tell you what would have happened. When I turned up to vote in Springfield, IL, and listed my home address, they would have said: No, that address doesn’t match our records. You can vote a provisional ballot if you wish. We will look into it later. That could have happened thousands of times. Thank goodness it didn’t, but that is the extent of our vulnerability. It is a suggestion of what we might face again from the Russians, accord-ing to our own Intelligence agencies. Last year, the Department of Home-land Security notified election officials in 20 other States that Russians at-tempted to hack into their systems, in-cluding Texas, Iowa, and Florida—Mr. President, your home State of Ari-zona—Oklahoma, Alabama, Pennsyl-vania, Alaska, Colorado, North Dakota, Wisconsin, and Ohio. We have to make sure we are pre-pared for future attacks on our democ-racy. That is why I have joined Senator L EAHY —who is on the floor with me today—and Senator K
LOBUCHAR , pre-paring an amendment to the appropria-tions legislation we are going to con-sider, offering an additional $250 mil-lion in election security grants to our States. When a similar amendment was of-fered at a committee markup last month, we heard it was too early to talk about additional funding; we need to wait and see how the $380 million earlier appropriated would be spent. We know the answer. At a recent Senate Rules Committee hearing, Cook County Director of Elections Noah Praetz explained that though the $380 million was greatly appreciated, more resources are desperately needed. He said: ‘‘Given the costs of regular tech-nology refreshes and support for human resources with cyber capacity, the needed investment is very large.’’ Last week, when asked if the $380 million was enough to address the problem, the President of the National Association of Secretaries of State said: ‘‘[N]o, to put it bluntly . . . Con-gress needs to come up with some kind of a funding mechanism that is sus-tainable and year-in, year-out, not once every 10 years.’’ Just yesterday, a bipartisan group of State attorneys general asked Congress for increased funding because many States lack the resources and tools they need to protect their polling places. I urge the adoption of the Leahy-Klo-buchar amendment. It is also time for the majority to heed former Senator Bill Frist’s sage advice when he wrote recently in the Washington Post: ‘‘[P]atriotism should always take priority over party.’’ I say to the Presiding Officer, I know you know that, personally, and you have proven it. Senator Frist went on to say that ‘‘staying silent is no longer an option.’’ I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I appre-ciate what the distinguished senior Senator from Illinois just said. I will speak about the same amendment. We will be offering this amendment. It does provide $250 million for State elec-tion security grants. It provides it to protect our upcoming elections from attacks by Russia especially but from many other hostile foreign powers. We don’t do this as an exercise. We know the attacks have been there in the past, and they are coming in the future. Look at what our intelligence community said. They unanimously said that Russia interfered in our 2016 election. After the intelligence community unanimously said they interfered, Con-gress came together, and we appro-priated $380 million for State election security grants in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus. Since that time, all 55 eligible States and territories have requested funding. One hundred percent of these funds have been committed to the States. As of yesterday, 90 percent of the funds have been disbursed to the States. This is pretty remarkable considering that the fiscal year 2018 omnibus was signed into law just 4 months ago. I have asked what the funding was used for. I am told it has assisted States in improving election cyber se-curity. They have replaced outdated election equipment. They have under-taken other anti-cyber efforts. That is an important first step. I know all of us do not want our democ-racy attacked by foreign aggression. More is needed. It is certainly needed before the November 2018 elections—I might say even afterward. States need postelection audit sys-tems. They have to be able to verify the accuracy of the final vote tally. They have to be able to upgrade elec-tion-related computer systems if our Department of Homeland Security identifies vulnerabilities. I believe the State and local election officials should undergo cyber security training. They should start using established cyber security best practices. These ef-forts are all essential to the security of our elections, and my amendment would enable them to go forward. In fact, yesterday, 21 State attorneys gen-eral signed a letter. They urged Con-gress to appropriate more funding for the States to help them meet their se-curity needs. Let me quote from their letter. They said: 
Additional funding for voter infrastructure will not only allow states to upgrade the election systems, but will also allow for a comprehensive security risk assessment. Un-fortunately, past practice has shown that the existing Election Assistance Commission grants are simply insufficient to provide for the upgraded technology needed. More fund-ing is essential to adequately equip states for the financial resources we need to safe-guard our democracy and protect the data of voting members in our states. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD , at the conclusion of my remarks, a letter, dated July 23, 2018, signed by 21 State attorneys general. Mr. President, it is clear that Con-gress—this involves everybody in the Congress, Republicans and Democrats alike—must serve as a bulwark against Russian aggression. I say this because our President has, time and again, proven he is either unable or unwilling to do so. Standing on the world stage with Vladimir Putin, with everybody watching, President Trump repeatedly refused to condemn Russia’s attacks on our democracy. He almost groveled to the authoritarian Putin. He praised and defended Putin’s ‘‘strong denial’’ of Russian interference. Then, to make it worse, President Trump attacked our own law enforcement institutions while standing feet away from the very foe our institutions work so hard to protect us from. All of our intelligence communities and law enforcement have the sworn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.031 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5246 July 24, 2018 
duty to protect all Americans from foes like Russia. The President stands next to the President of Russia and at-tacks the same law enforcement insti-tutions that protect us. This brought about, not unexpect-edly, bipartisan outrage over the Hel-sinki fiasco. The next day, the Presi-dent tried to walk back his comments. But in typical fashion, he tried to have it both ways. He repeated the baseless claim that the attack ‘‘could be other people also.’’ Then, the very next day, when asked whether Russia is still tar-geting the United States, the President inexplicably said, ‘‘No.’’ That was roughly 48 hours after his own Director of National Intelligence issued a state-ment reaffirming that Russia is en-gaged in ‘‘ongoing, pervasive efforts to undermine our democracy.’’ Without going into any of the classified mate-rial—just go by what our intelligence agencies have said publicly. Russia is engaged in ‘‘ongoing, pervasive efforts to undermine our democracy.’’ And when the President is asked whether they are targeting the United States, the answer isn’t no, it is yes. Some have argued that this is an issue for the States to deal with en-tirely on their own, that the Federal Government should not involve itself in States’ electoral systems. But our States were attacked in 2016 by a for-eign adversary, and their election sys-tems were hacked by Russia’s foreign military intelligence service. If any one of our States was attacked by a foreign government, would we stand by and say: Well, that is the State’s problem. No. We wouldn’t say: Well, it is not my State, it is not my problem. You are on your own. Of course not. An attack on any one of us is an attack on all of us. We are the United States of America. We would come together to protect that State. We would provide the Federal resources to help them out. That is what we Americans do. The same standard ap-plies here in helping States strengthen and protect their election infrastruc-ture. We Senators from both parties have a choice: We either heed the fact-based warnings of our dedicated law enforce-ment and national security profes-sionals or we do as President Trump has done and say: Well, we will take Vladimir Putin at his word. I don’t. We either choose to act as a coequal branch of government to defend our de-mocracy or leave that responsibility to a President who doesn’t see the threat. In fact, he embraces the threat even when it is standing right beside him. I say to my fellow Senators, if you believe that Russia is fully intent on destabilizing our democracy yet again in November, which is something every one of our national security and law enforcement officials believes—the peo-ple who read all the classified matters every single day, the people who know our intelligence backward and forward believe Russia is fully intent on desta-bilizing our democracy—let’s stand up for our country. Let’s stand up for our intelligence services and have this amendment as a chance to take ac-tion—more than anything else, to stand up for America, stand up for our democracy. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
STATE OF NEWMEXICO , O
FFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL , Santa Fe, NM, July 23, 2018. Chairman M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, House Homeland Security Committee, Washington, DC. Chairman R
OYBLUNT , Senate Rules and Administration Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR HONORABLE COMMITTEE MEMBERS : The undersigned Attorneys General write to express our grave concern over the threat to the integrity of the American election sys-tem. As the latest investigations and indict-ments make clear, during the 2016 election, hackers within Russia’s military intel-ligence service not only targeted state and local election boards, but also successfully invaded a state election website to steal the sensitive information of approximately 500,000 American voters and infiltrated a company that supplies voting software across the United States. The allegations in these indictments are extremely troubling. They evidence techno-logically vulnerable election infrastructures and the existence of a malicious foreign actor eager to exploit these vulnerabilities. Moreover, it has never been more important to maintain confidence in our democratic voting process. It is imperative that we pro-tect the integrity of our elections. We must ensure that the upcoming 2018 midterm elec-tions are secure and untainted. Accordingly, we ask for your assistance in shoring up our systems so that we may protect our elec-tions from foreign attacks and interference by: Prioritizing and acting on election-secu-rity legislation. We understand that the Se-cure Elections Act (S.2261) is before the Sen-ate at this time and may address some of our concerns. Increasing funding for the Election Assist-ance Commission to support election secu-rity improvements at the state level and to protect the personal data of the voters of our states. We are concerned that many states lack the resources and tools they need to protect the polls. Additional funding for vot-ing infrastructure will not only allow states to upgrade election systems, but will also allow for a comprehensive security risk as-sessment. Unfortunately, past practice has shown that the existing Election Assistance Commission grants are simply insufficient to provide for the upgraded technology needed. More funding is essential to adequately equip states with the financial resources we need to safeguard our democracy and protect the data of voting members in our states. Supporting the development of cybersecu-rity standards for voting systems to prevent potential future foreign attacks. It is crit-ical that there be a combined effort between governments and security experts to protect against the increased cyber threats posed by foreign entities seeking to weaken our insti-tutions. These changes are essential in order to strengthen public trust in our electoral sys-tem. The integrity of the nation’s voting in-frastructure is a bipartisan issue, and one that affects not only the national political landscape, but elections at the state, county, municipal, and local levels. It is our hope that you agree, and will take swift action to protect our national legacy of fair and free elections. Respectfully, Hector Balderas, Attorney General of New Mexico; George Jepsen, Attorney General of Connecticut; Karl Racine, Attorney General for the District of Columbia; Lisa Madigan, Attorney General of Illinois; Janet Mills, Attor-ney General of Maine; Maura Healy, Attorney General of Massachusetts; Lori Swanson, Attorney General of Minnesota; Gurbir Grewal, Attorney General of New Jersey; Josh Stein, At-torney General of North Carolina; Peter F. Kilmartin, Attorney General of Rhode Island; Bob Ferguson, Attor-ney General of Washington; Xavier Becerra, Attorney General of Cali-fornia; Matthew P. Denn, Attorney General of Delaware; Russell Suzuki, Attorney General of Hawaii; Thomas J. Miller, Attorney General of Iowa; Brian Frosh, Attorney General of Maryland; Bill Schuette, Attorney General of Michigan; Jim Hood, Attor-ney General of Mississippi; Barbara D. Underwood, Attorney General of New York; Ellen Rosenblum, Attorney Gen-eral of Oregon; Mark R. Herring, Attor-ney General of Virginia. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I don’t know whether there are others seeking the floor. I was going to suggest the ab-sence of a quorum, but I see the distin-guished senior Senator from Min-nesota, and I yield to her. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Vermont for his leadership, and I am pleased that Senator D
URBIN has brought us to-gether. I also see the Senator from Delaware and the Senator from Oregon here. I appreciate the work we have seen on the other side of the aisle on so many of these issues regarding elec-tions and Russia, including the Pre-siding Officer’s support for moving for-ward on a number of these things. Our next election is right around the corner. In fact, this coming Saturday marks 100 days from the 2018 elections. As we prepare for the midterm elec-tions, two things are clear: First, we must hold Russia accountable for the attacks against our democracy in 2016. This wasn’t meddling. This wasn’t just sending a few little tweets. This was an actual cyber attack on our democracy, and we have to call it what it was. Sec-ondly, we must do more to deter Russia and safeguard our democracy against future attacks. As complex as all this is, that is real-ly quite simple. The first thing is, we have to figure out what happened and hold the people accountable. That is what is happening with the Mueller in-vestigation, and that is what is hap-pening with the Intelligence Com-mittee investigation and other com-mittees as well. Secondly, we have to protect our own democracy in the fu-ture from Russia, from other foreign entities, from anyone who might try to take away our democracy. That is ex-actly what happened in this last elec-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.032 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5247 July 24, 2018 
Over the last 18 months, I have come to the floor time and again to make this point: Election security is na-tional security. Efforts to interfere in our domestic politics and attack our election infrastructure represent a threat to our democracy and our secu-rity. We know that Russia coordinated an attack against our democracy that launched cyber attacks against at least 21 States, including my own. The latest indictment from Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation revealed that the Russians hacked the website of a State board of elections and stole the information of roughly 500,000 voters. We not only have them potentially try-ing to influence the vote, we also have them actually stealing voters’ private information, which, of course, is an-other way to deter voters from wanting to vote. Russia’s efforts also included sophisticated information warfare de-signed to divide our country and weak-en Americans’ confidence in our elec-tion system. Hard-working women and men in our intelligence agencies from both Demo-cratic and Republican administrations have confirmed this. The heads of all of our major intelligence operations under President Obama and under President Trump have said that this happened. In fact, months ago, Direc-tor Coats said that not only did it hap-pen but that the Russians are getting, in his words, bolder. Yet, this month in Helsinki, Presi-dent Trump was asked if he stands by the conclusions of the U.S. intelligence community or the denials of Vladimir Putin. He chose to go with Putin. He stood there in front of the world, and he called Putin’s words ‘‘extremely strong and powerful.’’ That is why so many in this Chamber—Republican and Democratic Members of the Senate— have come out and called him on it and affirmed the U.S. intelligence conclu-sions and denounced the President’s ac-tions. There is no substitute for Presi-dential leadership—we know that—but in its absence, Congress must act. We need to make strong bipartisan com-mitments to defend our elections and show unwavering support for our intel-ligence agencies. Among others things, today Senator G
RAHAM and I submitted a bipartisan resolution that reaffirmed strong con-gressional support for our intelligence agencies and our diplomats. This is supplemental to the work, of course, that Senator C
OONS and Senator F LAKE  have been doing. It declares that an at-tack on our election system by a for-eign power is a hostile act that should be met with a swift and forceful re-sponse. Passing this resolution sends a clear message to Russia: We are united in our commitment to make sure you pay a heavy price for attacking our elec-tions, and we are prepared to exercise our authority to impose even stronger sanctions. If this administration won’t act, Con-gress must. In order to safeguard future elec-tions, State and local officials on the frontlines of this fight must have the tools and resources they need to pre-vent cyber attacks. We recently voted to provide $380 million in election security funding to States. That was an important first step. All the States I have talked to say that was just the beginning, that they would need more resources, but it was an important first step. I worked on that with Senator LANKFORD , as well as Senator C
OONS and Senator L
EAHY . I will note that $380 million is just 3 percent of the cost of one aircraft car-rier. That is what it is—3 percent of the cost of one aircraft carrier. We have a foreign government that has been trying to attack our elections. We must do more. During a recent Rules Committee hearing, State and local officials testi-fied that more resources are needed. Last week, Vermont’s secretary of state and the president of the National Association of Secretaries of State, Jim Condos, called on Congress to pro-vide additional funds on an ongoing basis, not just when a crisis happens. This week, nearly half of our country’s State attorneys general sent a letter urging Congress to appropriate more funding for election security. That is why today Senator L
EAHY , Senator C
OONS , and I will be offering this amendment to the appropriations leg-islation that is before us this week that would provide additional funding for election security. I am continuing to work with Sen-ator L
ANKFORD on the Secure Elections Act, which, along with Senator G
RA-
HAM and Senator H ARRIS , now has 10 cosponsors, Democrats and Repub-licans, equally divided. That bill is im-portant. Senator B
LUNT has agreed to a markup in August. That is very crit-ical to our moving forward to have leg-islation that puts some parameters in place, puts best practices in place, and requires audits. All of that must hap-pen, but for now, we can’t wait. We are almost 100 days away from this elec-tion. Director of National Intelligence Coats recently reaffirmed the threat Russia poses. He said this: ‘‘Today, the digital infrastructure that serves this country is literally under attack. . . . It was in the months prior to Sep-tember 2001 when, according to then- CIA director George Tenet, the system was blinking red. And here we are near-ly two decades later, and I’m here to say the warning lights are blinking red again.’’ That is from our National In-telligence Director under President Trump. I would close with this—something that happened 95 years ago. In 1923, Jo-seph Stalin, then General Secretary of the Soviet Communists, was asked about a vote in the Central Committee of the party. Stalin was unconcerned about the vote. After all, he explained that who voted was ‘‘completely unim-portant.’’ What was ‘‘extraordinarily important,’’ he said, ‘‘was who would count the votes and how.’’ Now, nearly 100 years later, we have someone by the name of Vladimir Putin trying to control who counts the votes and how in our own country. This time, it is now, and it is in our elec-tions. Those are the stakes. Election security is national security, and it is time to start acting like it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, as Sen-ator KLOBUCHAR has noted, Democrats and Republicans are here to talk about a critically important issue; that is, protecting the franchise for our people. I want to begin by saying that the ink is barely dry on the indictment of the Russian hackers who tried to un-dermine our democracy, and the Presi-dent of the United States is trying to deny that it actually happened. Just put your arms around that one for a moment, colleagues. The indictment of the Russian hackers is just days old, the President’s own intelligence offi-cials are telling him that an attack on our democracy is a near certainty, and he has just not been willing to step up and prevent it. In fact, he continues to refuse to accept the basic facts of the attack the Russians perpetrated in 2016. The fact, however, is that Americans are learning more and more about what actually happened, and it is becoming increasingly clear that what the Presi-dent calls a witch hunt is turning up a lot of witches. The attack on our de-mocracy was plotted and perpetrated by agents of the Russian Government. It came from the very top. It wasn’t perpetrated by some other, unidenti-fied country, and it wasn’t some ran-dom fellow in his mom’s basement; it was Russia. Somehow, the President is too mesmerized by Vladimir Putin to admit that. The public learned from the indict-ments unsealed in the last several days that Russian intelligence officials hacked into the computers of the Democratic National Committee, stole data, and planted surveillance soft-ware. They were basically hoovering up voter data that belonged to one-half million Americans. They targeted our election infrastructure and searched for vulnerabilities that might have al-lowed them to affect the results. A Russian national with ties to Russian intelligence used what was called a ‘‘gun rights organization’’ to infiltrate conservative circles and sway our po-litical judgment. Those are the facts, colleagues, and no matter how the President twists himself into a pretzel to try to describe it otherwise, those are the realities. Our election system and our digital in-frastructure are still extraordinarily vulnerable to attack. The President’s own Director of National Intelligence, our former colleague, has said—not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.034 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5248 July 24, 2018 
months ago but recently—that ‘‘the lights are blinking red.’’ So our colleagues Senator L
EAHY and Senator K
LOBUCHAR are proposing an important investment of funding to as-sist the States. There is no question in my mind that when looking at this challenge, this will be a challenge that benefits from the additional funds since this is a national problem. The Director of Homeland Security said in response to my question that paperless voting machines pose a ‘‘national secu-rity concern.’’ You know, we don’t ask Delaware or Oregon or small towns if they are dealing with an attack on their democracy. We don’t say to a small town in Delaware or Oregon: Will you figure out how to do it? We treat it as something where we come together as Americans to tackle the problem. So we are going to need additional funds for attacking this extraordinarily im-portant challenge. I am going to be heading home for townhall meetings. We have these ses-sions, throw open the doors, and everybody’s welcome. Folks are going to hear about what we are talking about in election security, and folks are going to say: Ron, what are the best ideas out there for stopping the Russians from hacking our elections? I will say to my colleagues—we are going to talk some more about this— cyber security experts are overwhelm-ingly united on what is best for stop-ping the Russian hackers. Overwhelm-ingly, this country’s cyber security ex-perts—people who aren’t Democrats or Republicans; they are people who are knowledgeable in this field—say the two things you need most are paper ballots and risk-limiting audits—those two things, paper ballots and risk-lim-iting audits. Tens of millions of Americans today have no choice but to vote on unse-cured machines that might as well have these words scrolled on them in Russian: ‘‘Please hack me, comrade.’’ That pretty much is what you get with these unsecured voting machines. The voting machine industry—I think I talked about this with my friend from Delaware—has basically considered themselves to be above the law. They have refused to share vital information about their operations with me, the Intelligence Committee— even basic questions, which are really called issues relating to cyber hygiene. But what we know is, some of this vot-ing technology has actually come preinstalled with remote monitoring software. The cyber security experts will tell you that is a recipe for dis-aster. The experts also will tell you that bar codes, ballot-marking devices, are not the heart of a solution to really secure elections. When you ask the companies that manufacture these machines, they are ducking and weaving when they are asked even the most basic and straightforward questions about how they are protecting American voters. Colleagues, as we move to start this extraordinarily important debate, I want to be clear about what I think the most important challenge is. Our most important job is to build a new part-nership between the States and local-ities and Federal election officials that actually protects American elections from getting hacked by the Russians. That is what this is all about—actually making sure we provide that added measure of assistance and security for American voters. In the name of supporting that cause, I have proposed legislation called the PAVE Act which, in effect, says that we have to build around common sense and what the independent cyber secu-rity experts say is important—paper ballots and postelection audits. That, in my view, is the heart of what we ought to be looking for ways to sup-port. If a polling place starts election day with a line of people out the door, it ought to end the day with a stack of paper ballots that are hack-proof—a verifiable system that the Russians cannot touch. If the United States is going to go along with business as usual—election security status quo of paperless ma-chines and not very many audits, not effective audits—it is nearly as bad as leaving ballot boxes on street corners in Red Square. So I am going to close this way. When we have a debate this important about election security, what it is really about is whether Americans can trust that control of our democracy is actually in their hands. The easiest way to destroy what has certainly been waning confidence Americans have in our elections is to leave election systems vulnerable to attack. That is practically a surefire way to limit voter participation, and it certainly is going to generate a new firestorm of conspiracy theories in every American election from here on. So I say to my colleagues and Sen-ator C
OONS , who really is the gold standard for working with colleagues, trying to bring people together: Find approaches that make sense for our people. He and I have talked, and I think we have agreed that we will take a good idea from anywhere in sight. If there is a good idea on this side of the aisle, we are interested. If there is a good idea over there, we are interested. The good idea here, in terms of pro-tecting the votes of the American peo-ple who have been threatened by Rus-sian hackers, with the evidence as re-cently as a few days ago with the in-dictments—the best way, according to people who aren’t in politics and are knowledgeable in the field, is to have paper ballots and risk-limiting audits. As long as I have the honor to rep-resent Oregon in the U.S. Senate—we will certainly be talking about this at townhall meetings this weekend. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance that kind of approach, which I think is the surest path to blocking those Rus-sian hackers from doing again and again what they did to us in this past election. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. JOHNSON ). The Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise to speak about an amendment that I look forward to advancing as a member of the relevant Appropriations sub-committee—in fact, the ranking Demo-crat. I was pleased to work in a bipar-tisan way to secure $380 million in the last fiscal year that has been distrib-uted to the States to secure our elec-tions. As you may have heard, some who opposed this in the Appropriations Committee, when we took it up and de-bated it, asked a few simple questions, which I will try to address quickly. Aren’t elections a State and local re-sponsibility? Why should the Federal government be providing funding for States and localities to secure their elections? It is true that elections are overwhelmingly run at the State and local levels. The cost of securing and modernizing our voting machines and voting systems will be overwhelmingly borne at the State and local levels. Second, this $380 million was just made available, and I don’t think it has even gone out yet. Have they used it well, and have they used it properly? Third, why is this something we need to do now? Is there any indication that our upcoming elections are actually under threat? Let me briefly speak to those three questions. This morning, it was publicly re-ported that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, outside of a classi-fied setting for the first time, revealed that not one, not two, not a dozen, but more than 100 American power utilities had been successfully hacked by Rus-sian military intelligence and that air- gapped control rooms—meaning con-trol rooms that are designed so they are not connected to the internet—in power-generating or distributing utili-ties around the country had been com-promised by Russia. There is a level of sophistication in their invasion and in-terference in our physical infrastruc-ture that is matched by their sophis-tication in interfering and intruding in our election infrastructure. I think the present danger is very clear and very real. As my colleagues stated at great length, our Director of National Intel-ligence, Dan Coats, our former col-league, has said repeatedly that our election structure is at risk. On July 13, Special Counsel Mueller indicted 12 Russian military officials for cyber attacks on our 2016 elections, and we know those attacks are coming again. Michael Chertoff, the former Bush Department of Homeland Security Sec-retary, and Grover Norquist, long known as an advocate for reduced Fed-eral spending, jointly wrote an edi-torial earlier this year—I think it was in the Washington Post. They said, and I quote, that ‘‘we can replace all paperless voting machines in the coun-try for less than the cost of an F–22 fighter jet.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.036 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5249 July 24, 2018 
As Senator K LOBUCHAR has said re-peatedly and correctly: ‘‘Election secu-rity is national security.’’ Chertoff and Norquist concluded with this thought: It is not practical to ex-pect State and local election adminis-trators in rural Missouri or small town Maine or in my State of Delaware or in my colleague’s State of Iowa to go toe- to-toe with the premier government- backed cyber mercenaries of Russia or China or North Korea. Just as Federal agencies prudently provide support for State law enforcement in dealing with terrorism, Federal officials should give guidance for support of the election cyber security threat. My home State of Delaware is one of five with no paper trail for our election systems, and our election systems are air-gapped. I just received a letter from our State election commissioner, Elaine Manlove, who has made clear that with the $380 million already dis-tributed through the money made available last year, they will begin to make a downpayment on replacing our current, antiquated election machinery with those that will have a verifiable paper trail. I have many more examples I can cite, but I will be brief because I have a colleague who has waited long for his opportunity to speak. All States have now requested the funding, and 90 percent of the funding has been disbursed. The EAC is work-ing with States to make sure that they are addressing cyber security issues and, in particular, replacing outdated, antiquated systems. I will give you one of many examples. The State of Louisiana last purchased voting equipment in 2005. Its 10,000 vot-ing machines are antiquated, and their spare parts are dwindling and are no longer being manufactured. Louisiana’s secretary of state estimated the re-placement cost would be between $40 million and $60 million. A $3 million downpayment of Federal money is just barely enough to get Louisiana started, not enough to complete the job. Let me close by saying that election security is not a partisan issue; it is about protecting who we are as a na-tion. Free and fair and regular elec-tions define us as a democracy. Demo-crats, Republicans, and Independents— all Americans—who want to know that their votes are counted and our elec-tions are free and fair should care about a Federal role in supporting States and localities as they work to ensure that our election systems are protected and our equipment can’t be compromised. This is an issue not just for the No-vember 2018 elections but for the 2020 elections. The amendment we hope to call up later today should not be controver-sial. This is about protecting our de-mocracy. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I want to bring my fellow Senators up to date on a subject that was sparked by the remarks made this morning by the minority leader. I also want to add some additional context that the mi-nority leader left out. He spoke on the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. Un-fortunately, he didn’t come to the floor to talk about the judge’s excellent qualifications, the judge’s well-re-garded temperament, or the judge’s ju-dicial philosophy. He didn’t come to the floor to announce that he would fi-nally extend to the judge the courtesy of a meeting, which is customary in this body. He came to speak about what he thinks will satisfy leftwing outside groups. He demanded that I sign a letter that will put the Amer-ican taxpayers on the hook for a Demo-cratic fishing expedition, and I am not going to do that. I agree that we should have a thor-ough vetting process for the nominee— and we will—and that we should review materials that will reveal Judge Kavanaugh’s legal thinking. That is our job. We are not going to be a rubberstamp. Fortunately for us, we have immediate access to the most val-uable documents that are out there that will reveal Judge Kavanaugh’s legal thinking. We have access to the more than 300 opinions Judge Kavanaugh authored in his 12 years on the DC Circuit, as well as to the hun-dreds more opinions he joined. In these opinions, he addressed some of the most significant legal issues of the past decade from the second most powerful court in the land. This morning, the minority leader brought up a statement that I had made in 2010 in connection with Justice Kagan’s Supreme Court nomination. At that time, this Senator was interested in reviewing documents from her time in the Clinton administration. What the minority leader neglected to mention was that, unlike Judge Kavanaugh, Justice Kagan had not served as a judge before being nomi-nated to the Supreme Court. Besides the Federal Government service she had had at the time she was nomi-nated, she had been the dean of a law school. Other than Kagan’s materials that she had submitted as part of the Senate Judiciary questionnaire for her nomination, her White House Counsel’s Office and Domestic Policy Council documents had been some of the few categories of documents that could have shed light on her legal thinking since she hadn’t had any judicial writings, meaning as a judge. Justice Kagan had written or joined a grand total of zero judicial opinions before her nomination. For those of us on the Senate Judiciary Committee to have carried out our constitutional advice and consent responsibilities as Sen-ators, we had needed to better under-stand her legal thinking and potential jurisprudence. Judge Kavanaugh, by contrast, has authored over 300 judicial opinions in his 12 years on the bench. That is over 300. That doesn’t include the hundreds of other decisions in which he has joined an opinion or some sort of order. When you add those to the mix, those are thousands of pages of judicial writings that the American people have access to at this exact moment. You don’t have to wait to get this in-formation about Judge Kavanaugh. To the contrary, Justice Kagan, of course, had zero pages of judicial opinions. This is in addition to the 6,168 pages of records Judge Kavanaugh just included in his response to the Senate Judiciary questionnaire, which we put on the website last weekend for the whole public to view if it wants to know ev-erything about Judge Kavanaugh as a judge and about the things of which he spoke and wrote documents about other than just his judicial opinions. Despite the fact that Judge Kavanaugh’s judicial record is much more substantial than Justice Kagan’s was, I agree that we should still ask the White House for documents per-taining to Judge Kavanaugh’s time in the White House Counsel’s Office. My Democratic colleagues say they want the White House’s records. I am pleased to let them know that in the coming weeks, the Senate will receive what will likely be the largest document production in history for a Supreme Court nomination. I expect that the Senate could receive up to a million pages of documents that will be related to Judge Kavanaugh’s time in the White House Counsel’s Office. We will also see the White House’s nomination file for Judge Kavanaugh’s 2006 nomi-nation to the DC Circuit—where, as I have told you, he now sits—along with records from Judge Kavanaugh’s time in the U.S. Office of the Independent Counsel. By comparison, we received fewer than 180,000 pages for Justice Kagan’s time in two White House of-fices. Let’s recap. We have more than 300 of Judge Kavanaugh’s actual judicial opinions to Justice Kagan’s zero. We could have up to five times as many pages from his time in the White House as we received from Justice Kagan’s time, and we will have those docu-ments despite the fact that they are less necessary now than they were for Justice Kagan. In short, there will be much more transparency in this Su-preme Court confirmation process than ever before. I am ready now to send a letter to the National Archives to request rel-evant White House Counsel documents. I would like to do this with the rank-ing member, but unfortunately she has declined this request. This is unfortu-nate. Both sides agree that the White House Counsel documents are relevant. I would like to get them over here as quickly as possible so we can begin re-viewing them. Yet, as I noted, the Democratic lead-ership has already decided to oppose 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5250 July 24, 2018 
Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation. They would like to slow down the process as much as possible. I think that explains why the ranking member will not sign a letter that requests documents both sides want. I have heard that some of my Demo-cratic colleagues would like to request all of Judge Kavanaugh’s records from his time as White House Staff Sec-retary, but these documents are both the least relevant to Judge Kavanaugh’s legal thinking and the most sensitive to the executive branch. The Staff Secretary is the in-box and out-box of the Oval Office. Passing through the Staff Secretary’s office is a wide range of communications that request things like flying the flag at half-mast to somehow including daily lunch menus, to draft speeches, to sen-sitive national security papers. The Staff Secretary’s primary charge is not to provide his own substantive work product; the Staff Secretary makes sure that the President sees memos and policy papers that have been produced by other offices in the White House. It is a very important job. It requires someone who is smart, someone who is hard-working, and someone who is talented. The documents that passed through Judge Kavanaugh’s office while he was Staff Secretary are not particularly relevant to his legal thinking or for the consideration of whether he should be on the Supreme Court. It is like say-ing, in a sense, that the Senate Sec-retary—someone who has a very dif-ficult and demanding job—is respon-sible for all of the positions taken by each of the Senate offices. It is absurd. The Senate should focus its efforts on reviewing his tens of thousands of pages of judicial opinions and other legal writings. Not only would a broad review of Staff Secretary documents be a waste of time, but it would also be a waste of taxpayers’ money. Moreover, Staff Secretary documents contain some of the most sensitive in-formation and advice that went di-rectly to President Bush from a range of policy advisers. Back in 2010, both Democrats and Re-publicans agreed that Justice Kagan, because of the sensitivity of the docu-ments, shouldn’t produce internal com-munications while she was Solicitor General. If we are going to talk about a Kagan standard, then we need to talk about taking sensitive communications off the table. That is what all sides had agreed to in 2010 and what I will insist on now. I appreciate the minority leader’s ef-forts to ensure some transparency and thoroughness, but let’s get right down to brass tacks: I don’t think the minor-ity leader actually wants to read the millions of pages that crossed Judge Kavanaugh’s desk way back in 2004 and for probably the 3 years he held the po-sition of Staff Secretary. The minority leader said he will fight this nomination with everything he has, which proves what I have been talking about, and his request proves that he is willing to do that because this bloated document request is part of that fight. This is not about any-thing other than obstruction—to bury us under millions and millions of pages of paper so we cannot have a confirma-tion vote on Judge Kavanaugh this year. Liberal, dark money outside groups want to drag this confirmation out just as far as they can—till the end of time. I will not let them. This confirmation process should focus on Judge Kavanaugh’s qualifications, not be-come a taxpayer-funded fishing expedi-tion. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM  
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I am almost embarrassed to talk about what I am going to have to talk about today. Once again, in the U.S. Congress, we find ourselves only days away from causing a lapse in the National Flood Insurance Program. The majority of Members of the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives understand the impor-tance of extending this program but sadly some don’t. You can lead some people to water, but you can’t make them think. Without congressional action, ordi-nary Americans—the people who get up every day, go to work, obey the law, pay their taxes, and try to do the right things by their kids—are going to suf-fer. These folks work pretty hard to earn money to cover their mortgages, to pay their insurance premiums, to put food on the table, and to hopefully have a little extra when all is said and done. The U.S. Government made a prom-ise to these people, these taxpaying Americans, that if they pay their flood insurance premiums, we will have their backs when they have a flood. We are about to tell them we lied. When you lie to Congress, it is a felony. When Congress lies to you, it is just politics, and that is not right. Unless we do something, the National Flood Insurance Program, the NFIP, is going to expire on July 31. Now, unless you are a rock—only dumber—that is in 8 days, including today. Every once in a while, Congress seems to just decide that keeping our promise to the American taxpayer isn’t worth the effort. What planet did we parachute in from that we can’t even maintain the status quo on something that affects the lives of millions of peo-ple and helps more than 22,000 commu-nities across this great country? I am standing here today because the reauthorization of the NFIP has never been more urgent. Let me say it again. We have 8 days until disaster. If the NFIP is allowed to expire on July 31, Congress is going to be sending a clear message to the 5 million hard-working Americans who count on this program, and that message is three words: We don’t care. We don’t care. The unfortu-nate thing is, I think some—it is a small minority, but some don’t. Last September, when Texas and parts of Louisiana were still reeling from Hurricane Harvey, one Member of the U.S. Congress actually said: ‘‘The federal government is encouraging and subsidizing people to live in harm’s way . . . at some point, God is telling you to move.’’ Give me a break. Are you kidding me? The fact is, 50 percent of our coun-try’s population and 50 percent of our country’s jobs are along our coasts and waterways. Do you really think they ought to just move? Living near water is an economic necessity. People have been doing it since the beginning of time. It is as true for us now as it was in Biblical times that our economies and our livelihoods are tied to water. Let’s take the Mississippi River that runs through my State. Each year, it sustains more than 1.3 million jobs and generates more than $405 billion in rev-enue. How many jobs are tied to the 12,000 miles of U.S. coastline? What do you think would be the economic im-pact if everyone who lived near one of the 3.5 million miles of rivers in this great country just picked up and moved tomorrow—as if they could af-ford to do so. Give me a break. I hope we never have to find out what would happen, but one thing is certain, no-body is going to move before July 31, when the NFIP expires, just because some Members of Congress erroneously think they ought to. I want to make two other points. First, if Congress allows the NFIP to expire, it is going to stall thousands and thousands and thousands of home closings. That is right. Because the law requires it, many lenders require home-owners to carry flood insurance. If there is no NFIP, then there is no flood insurance. If there is no flood insur-ance, then there is no home sale. The last time Congress chose to do nothing and let the National Flood In-surance Program expire, the NFIP lapsed for a total of 53 days. That was in 2010. Over those 2 months, each and every day, 1,400 home sales were can-celed. That is every day. That is not total. That is every day. Think about how that is going to impact our econ-omy. Isn’t that special? Just when we finally get the U.S. economy moving again, we are going to step on it by letting the National Flood Insurance Program expire. No wonder many Americans say—and I hear it all the time—yes, there are some good Members of Congress. We just can’t fig-ure out what they are good for. I am also tired of hearing that the NFIP is being abused by rich people for their beach homes. I hear it all the time. That is a bunch of bovine waste. As a matter of fact, 98.5 percent—al-most 99 percent—of all NFIP policies are in counties with a median house-hold income of less than $100,000, and 62 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.039 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5251 July 24, 2018 
percent are in counties with a median household income below the national average of $54,000. You don’t have to live near a body of water. If you get 22 inches of rain in 2 days, you are going to flood, even if you live on Pikes Peak. For those who live in a coastal State like my State or elsewhere on a floodplain, the reality is, the NFIP is the only place you can turn to protect your property. Floods are the most common and the most costly natural disaster. The damage that is done by hail, fire, wind, or a fallen tree is covered by a homeowner’s insurance but not a flood. If you have a flood, it is not covered by your home-owner’s policy. The Federal Government made a promise. We promised more than 5 mil-lion Americans—half a million in my State alone—that we would have their backs. We promised them that if they would pay their hard-earned money into the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram through premiums, if they flood-ed, we would cover it. It is time we get our act together and keep that prom-ise. The NFIP is just too important to be used as a political football. For mil-lions of people in this country, in my State and elsewhere, this program is the only way they can protect their most valuable asset—their home—and, at a minimum, we owe those hard- working Americans some peace of mind. I urge my colleagues to support S. 3128, my bill and the bill of B
ILLCAS-
SIDY, the senior Senator from Lou-isiana. It will extend the National Flood Insurance Program for 6 months to get us through hurricane season. That is all it does. It just maintains the status quo. It doesn’t change any-thing. It just says the National Flood Insurance Program we have today is going to be extended for 6 months to get us through hurricane season, while we in the Senate and in the House con-tinue to work on a reform bill that would rework the NFIP and turn it into a program that looks like some-body designed it on purpose. That is all my bill and Senator C
ASSIDY ’s bill does. We simply can’t afford to let the folks in our at-risk communities down, especially those exposed during hurri-cane season. Truthfully, they deserve better from us. 
NOMINATION OF JOHN FLEMING  
Mr. President, I want to speak very briefly about a friend of mine who has been nominated by President Trump for a very important position in the Federal Government. This friend’s name is John Fleming, and he has been nominated by the President to be As-sistant Secretary for the Economic De-velopment Administration at the De-partment of Commerce. Dr. Fleming currently serves as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Health IT Reform at the Department of Health and Human Services, and he has done a wonderful job. He has done such a great job that the President has asked him to take on this program at the Depart-ment of Commerce. Dr. Fleming is a public servant’s pub-lic servant. He is a four-term Member of the U.S. House of Representatives. He is a physician. He went to the Uni-versity of Mississippi, undergraduate and medical school. He is an entre-preneur and businessman. Aside from his family medical practice, his busi-nesses support about 600 jobs in my State. After Dr. Fleming finished at Ole Miss and finished med school, he en-listed in the U.S. Navy. He served there in the Medical Corps. During his time in the House of Rep-resentatives, Dr. Fleming was a cham-pion of our economy, a champion for families, and a champion for our vet-erans. He is a skilled physician, he is an experienced entrepreneur, and he is a good guy. I know Dr. John Fleming and his family well, and I am honored to be able to endorse his nomination. Just to show you that he is well- rounded—I forgot this—John also has a black belt in karate. I am not sure when he has time, but he is a well- rounded guy. I have no doubt—none whatsoever— that Dr. Fleming is well qualified to be a very fine Assistant Secretary of the Economic Development Administra-tion, and I endorse his nomination cat-egorically and unconditionally. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. HEALTHCARE  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, we are on the verge of the 1-year mark since the U.S. Senate attempted to take away healthcare from 30 million Amer-icans and was told no by the American public. For virtually the entire time, since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, Republicans in the House and in the Senate engaged in an exercise that was futile while President Obama was in of-fice but then was made possible by the election of Donald Trump—that was the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, which extended care to 20 million Americans who weren’t guaranteed that health insurance would actually cover the things they needed and pro-tected people who were sick or people with preexisting conditions from dis-crimination. When Republicans finally took over, they realized they had spent a whole lot of time criticizing the Affordable Care Act but not a lot of time figuring out what would come next, and most of 2017 was spent in an embarrassing se-ries of proposals that, according to the Congressional Budget Office, would uninsure somewhere in the neighbor-hood of 20 to 30 million people. Finally, when a vote was called on the floor of the Senate, just enough Re-publican Senators chose to side with the American people, who want to maintain the protections of the Afford-able Care Act and work to perfect it, that the bill failed by one vote. That 1- year mark will occur this weekend on Saturday. So a few of us wanted to come to the floor today to talk about what has hap-pened since that fateful vote a year ago that was, frankly, celebrated all across this country, as folks who were deeply fearful that their healthcare was going to be ripped away from them by the Congress realized they might be able to rely on it for at least another year. Let me set the stage, first by remind-ing people of the promises that were made. This is President Trump shortly after his election and just before his swearing in. He said: We’re going to have insurance for every-body. People covered under the law can ex-pect to have great healthcare . . . much less expensive and much better. 
That is a clear promise that the President made: Everybody is going to have insurance. It is going to be less expensive, and it is going to be better— more insurance, less expensive, better quality. The vote that took place a year ago this Saturday would have done exactly the opposite. It would have kicked 30 million people off of insurance. It would have driven up costs for millions of Americans—especially those people with preexisting conditions. Coverage would have been much worse, not much better, in part because people with pre-existing conditions wouldn’t be able to access care. So this promise never came true be-cause of the vote that we took a year ago this Saturday. But, occasionally, the President does say something that is true. This is a picture of the celebration that the House of Representatives had at the White House the day they voted on the proposal that would rip away healthcare from 30 million Americans, before the vote that took place here in the Senate. There are a lot of smiling faces of Members of Congress who were so excited that people who had cancer or people who had diabetes would be unable to get healthcare insurance. This quote is not actually from this press conference. It is from a rally that the President held just a few weeks ago. He was talking about the fact that J
OHN MCCAINand some others voted against that proposal on the Senate floor, which caused it to fail. He said— these are the President’s words: ‘‘It’s all right, because we have essentially gutted it’’—the Affordable Care Act— ‘‘anyway.’’ ‘‘It’s all right, because we have essentially gutted it anyway.’’ So that summarizes what has hap-pened since the failed vote on the floor of the Senate a year ago. President Trump and his Republican friends in Congress, all smiling behind him, have gutted the Affordable Care Act, not be-cause they want better healthcare for people but because they are just angry that they couldn’t get the votes to do it here in Congress. So they are doing it by other means. So a few of us are going to be on the floor to talk about what has happened in the last year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.040 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5252 July 24, 2018 
I actually think that most of my col-leagues do want better healthcare for their constituents, but I don’t under-stand how any of what has happened, either through legislative act or through administrative action, gets us there—gets us to that promise that President Trump made in January of 2017. Here is what is going on. First, the President signed an Executive order saying that all of his agencies should start to take their own actions to un-wind the protections of the Affordable Care Act. Then he stopped the mar-keting for the Affordable Care Act so that less people would know about the options that were available to them. Then the President came to Congress and worked with Republicans to take away one of the most important pillars of the Affordable Care Act—the re-quirement that healthy people buy in-surance. That action alone will result in 13 million people losing insurance and rates going up for 10 million Amer-icans. Most recently the President author-ized the sale of junk insurance plans all across this country—plans that don’t have to cover mental health or pre-scription drugs or maternity care. He then cut funding even deeper for the personnel that help you find what insurance is right for you, and he in-structed the people that remain to push Americans onto the junk plans. Then the President sent his lawyers to court to argue that Congress actu-ally can’t protect people with pre-existing conditions because it is uncon-stitutional, which would wipe out all of the protections that people enjoy today. So it is really no mystery as to why, as the 2019 premium increases are com-ing out, they are catastrophic. They are catastrophic. Fourteen States have insurance companies that have re-quested premium increases of 10 to 20 percent. Connecticut is one of those. Five States have insurance companies that requested premium increases of 30 percent or more. Think about that for a second: 30 percent or more. Who can afford a 30-percent or a 40-percent in-crease in premiums? One insurance company requested a 94-percent in-crease in rates. In 21 of the States that have rates filed already, the insurers said the rea-son they are doing this—the reason they are passing along enormous pre-mium increases—is because of the sab-otage campaign that is being run by the President and by this Congress, all or most of it occurring since the failure of the repeal vote a year ago. It is all right, says the President. We didn’t need to repeal the Affordable Care Act. That vote that we are mark-ing the 1-year anniversary of doesn’t really matter because we have essen-tially gutted it—the Affordable Care Act, the American healthcare system— anyway. So, finally, before I turn this over to the ranking member on the HELP Committee, I just want to talk about the next phase of the sabotage cam-paign. If Republicans in Congress can’t get the American people to support a legis-lative act to repeal the Affordable Care Act, the next hope is for the courts to do it. That is why the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh is so critical to this continued campaign of trying to under-mine the Affordable Care Act, because you probably can’t get the majority of Members of Congress to wipe away pro-tections for people with preexisting conditions, but maybe you can get the Supreme Court to do it. There is a case that I just referenced that the Trump administration is sup-porting, moving its way through the courts, that would invalidate—con-stitutionally invalidate—Congress’s protections for people with preexisting conditions. These are people with can-cer, diabetes, heart disease, mental ill-ness, cerebral palsy, Crohn’s Disease, ALS, addiction, Lupus, epilepsy, Par-kinson’s, and the list goes on. President Trump made clear during the campaign that he wasn’t going to pick a judge in the mold of John Rob-erts, who would uphold the Affordable Care Act. He was going to pick judges that would rule with him to strike down the Affordable Care Act. That is also probably why he outsourced the decision on whom to pick for this va-cant slot to political groups like the Heritage Foundation. So the expectation is that Brett Kavanaugh will deliver one of those five needed votes to strike down the laws on the books, which Congress can’t find the votes to override, pro-tecting people with preexisting condi-tions. The Supreme Court could take away your healthcare if you have a his-tory of any of these diseases, and, if that happens, the results are lethal. If you have metastatic cancer and you don’t have the protection in the law that says insurance companies can’t charge you more because you are sick, a recent study shows that you will be charged a rate of $142,000 higher than what you pay today. If you are an indi-vidual with diabetes, your increase could be 137 percent on top of what you are paying now. So these are the stakes. These are the stakes as we prepare to vote on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, and it is all in service of this very inten-tional, very deliberate, very planful campaign of sabotage. A year ago this Saturday the Amer-ican people got their way, and this body decided not to repeal the Afford-able Care Act because people like the fact that 20 million people have insur-ance. People like the fact that people with preexisting conditions are pro-tected. That night, the American peo-ple got their way, but since then, the President and this Congress have been working to undermine it, and the next step in that plan is the elevation of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. It is important for us to come to the floor and explain what the stakes are. I yield is floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I wish to thank the Senator from Con-necticut. I, too, join him in being very proud, as we were a year ago, to see Congress stand with families across the country who did not want to see their healthcare rolled back. A year ago, as Senator M
URPHY said, President Trump tried to make good on his campaign promise to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act and to jeopardize healthcare for millions of people. A year ago, the President tried to jam TrumpCare through Congress. It was a harmful, mean-spirited bill that would have spiked premiums and gutted Med-icaid and scrapped protections for peo-ple with preexisting conditions, which would put families back at the mercy of big insurance companies. But people across the country stood up, they spoke out, and they made it absolutely clear that they did not want President Trump to take away their healthcare or give power back to those insurance companies. During that debate, I heard personal stories from patients and families all over my State of Washington who were concerned about TrumpCare because it would make it harder to get the care they needed. I heard stories like Julie’s. Julie has a genetic condition. As a result of that, she has had four—four—different types of cancer. She has had four different organs removed during treatment. She has had her diet severely restricted, and her life has dramatically changed. But she is a fighter. She had excellent care, and she ultimately won each of those four battles with cancer. However, without protections for people with preexisting conditions, her healthcare costs could skyrocket. If President Trump had his way, Julie could not get the care she needed, and, by the way, she is not the only one. I also heard from families like the family of a woman named Vanessa. When Vanessa was pregnant, she learned that her daughter would be born with significant health chal-lenges. In fact, her daughter Cheyenne had her first surgery when she was just 20 days old, and she would have two more before her very first birthday. Even though Cheyenne was born with preexisting conditions that would be costly to treat for years to come, Vanessa, her mom, was able to get in-surance through our State exchange and get her daughter the care she need-ed. But if President Trump had his way, that might not be possible. Last year, in the midst of the TrumpCare debate, I shared Vanessa’s story, Julie’s story, and many stories from families in Washington State, and I heard even more that I would love to share. People from other States across the country were also reaching out and letting their Senators know how dam-aging TrumpCare would be for their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.043 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5253 July 24, 2018 
family and urging them to vote against it. It worked. Last year we came together and gave President Trump’s healthcare repeal scheme a big thumbs down. Unfortu-nately, that has not stopped President Trump from doing everything he can to sabotage families’ healthcare from the Oval Office. When he couldn’t jam through TrumpCare, instead he jammed through a partisan tax bill that gave cuts to big insurance companies and drug companies and paid for them with steps that even his former Health and Human Services Secretary confessed would drive up families’ premiums. He slashed investments that help people understand their healthcare op-tions and get coverage. He handed power back to the insur-ance companies by expanding loopholes for junk plans and making it easier to ignore patient protections, including protections, by the way, for women, for seniors, and for people with preexisting conditions. The Trump administration is even re-fusing to defend preexisting protec-tions in court, both abandoning its duty to defend the law and ignoring the will of the people across the country who want them to fight for these pro-tections. While President Trump has broken a lot of promises, it is clear that he has never wavered in his promise to under-mine healthcare for our families, and he has never failed to put insurance companies ahead of patients. That is why his decision to nominate Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court is such an alarming omen for families’ healthcare. As a candidate, President Trump left no question that he would nominate far-right Supreme Court Justices who would strike down the Affordable Care Act and jeopardize care for millions of families. To be sure that candidates met that extreme ideological standard, he had them vetted by extreme, ideo-logical conservative groups. We know that President Trump chose Judge Kavanaugh because he has no doubt that Kavanaugh will support his efforts to sabotage family healthcare and make it harder for people to get the care they need. We know that preexisting condition protections are on the line. We know that stopping Kavanaugh’s confirmation isn’t a matter of partisan politics. For many families in our country, it is a matter of life and death. We know we can stop it if people across this country do exactly what they did to beat TrumpCare—stand up, speak out, and make clear that fami-lies who didn’t want their healthcare stripped away last year don’t want it stripped away this year either. I have heard from many families concerned about this, and I know others are shar-ing their stories as well. So I hope that our Republican col-leagues are listening even more closely than they were last year and that more of them will join us on the side of pa-tients and families, not the President on the side of insurance companies. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues from Washington and Connecticut for being here, for speak-ing out, and for being so remarkable in their persistence in defending Amer-ica’s concerns about healthcare. I want to add my voice for just a few mo-ments, if I might. Let me look back 8 years to when I first joined the Senate in 2010. At that point, the Affordable Care Act was barely a year old. Since then, in the early years of the Affordable Care Act, we saw some very positive patterns: More Americans gained access to health insurance; the growth of healthcare costs slowed; insurance markets put in place under the ACA proved to be resilient, despite repeated challenges. As a result of the ACA, 20 million more Americans, including 38,000 Delawareans, gained access to high-quality, comprehensive healthcare coverage. It is through the ACA exchange that my own family and I get our healthcare, and so many others in Delaware have a chance to get access to healthcare. The 190,000 people, in my little State of 900,000 people, who have preexisting conditions no longer had to worry about being denied coverage, and lifetime caps were a thing of the past. This matters; it has saved lives. Just listen briefly to the story of Ni-cole from my little hometown of Hockessin, DE, a small farming town of just a few thousand people. Nicole’s 3- year-old daughter was born with cystic fibrosis, a horrible disease that robs children and people of the ability to breathe. Nicole’s 3-year-old daughter with cystic fibrosis spent at least an hour a day getting breathing treat-ments from her mother. At $5,000 a month for her medications—not cheap—Nicole was confident that with-out the ACA she would have exceeded her annual caps and her medical ex-penses well before the end of the year. Nicole, in reaching out to me, made it clear that without the consumer pro-tections of the Affordable Care Act, she would have had one of three choices: hope she would qualify for Medicaid— unlikely, due to her income; go into debt to pay for her daughter’s treat-ments; or stop giving her daughter some of the medication she depends on to save her life. All of that assumed that her daughter’s cystic fibrosis wasn’t considered a preexisting condi-tion that would prevent her from get-ting any insurance at all. Because of that circumstance, Nicole’s story ex-emplifies the life-changing gains and positive trends that the ACA provided. Unfortunately, there were some other challenges as well, which I will summarize quickly, that have devel-oped over time. Let me transition to where we are today. Today we are in a place where, just a year ago, consistent, repeated ef-forts after the 2016 election by Repub-licans in Congress to repeal without a plan to replace the ACA resulted in a situation where, as my colleague from Connecticut has laid out, the Trump administration has done its best to roll back ways in which progress was made to extend quality, affordable healthcare to more Americans. After a number of efforts to repeal the law failed last year, thanks to the American people who stood up and had their voices heard, the administration has decided to take a different ap-proach—a slow and steady unraveling and undermining of the protections that made the ACA work. It started with a decision to stop cost-sharing reduction payments, which help working families afford their premiums and access care. It con-tinued when they changed the rules and encouraged people to sign up for plans that didn’t have all the benefits and consumer protections of the ACA— really, junk plans—which made it pos-sible to bring back discrimination against women and those with pre-existing conditions. It culminated last month with something that was done in a fly-by-night way and may not have been visible at all to my constituents and viewers: a decision to no longer de-fend the core components of the ACA in court, including protections for those with preexisting conditions, in a lawsuit brought by 20 attorneys gen-eral from States that overwhelmingly opposed the ACA. This decision was so shocking that three career Justice De-partment attorneys withdrew from the case, and one with over 20 years’ expe-rience resigned from his job. Make no mistake, this was the administration sabotaging the ACA and our healthcare system. President Trump even admit-ted at a campaign event, just cited by my colleague from Connecticut, that he had gutted the ACA. This may resonate with the Presi-dent’s base. It may resonate with peo-ple he hopes will vote him back into of-fice in the future election. But for mil-lions of families across the country and in my home State, losing protections against preexisting condition discrimi-nation is a death sentence. It would be devastating for Nicole and her daughter, whom I described be-fore. It would be devastating for Kim from my hometown of residence, Wil-mington, a thyroid cancer survivor who is now able to get insurance. Be-cause her cancer isn’t considered a pre-existing condition under the Affordable Care Act, she is not subject to pre-existing condition discrimination. In my small State of Delaware, gutting protections for preexisting conditions would leave one in five at risk of sky-rocketing health insurance costs or losing coverage altogether. This lawsuit impacts every corner of America’s healthcare system, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.044 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5254 July 24, 2018 
fact that our administration is not de-fending the law of the land is a shock-ing development. It impacts not just those who get their healthcare through the ACA exchanges. It would impact 150 million Americans who get their health insurance through their em-ployer because it would eliminate pro-tections against lifetime and annual limits on care. It would impact seniors on Medicare who would see increased prescription drug costs. It would im-pact Americans who depend on free preventive services, like cancer screenings and flu shots, because those policy components of the ACA would be eliminated. It would impact young peo-ple who would lose the right to stay on their parents’ health insurance until age 26. These are just a few of the dev-astating impacts if the Texas v. United States lawsuit is successful in ripping out what is left of the protections of the ACA. It would have a real and tan-gible impact on families in my State of Delaware and across our country. That is why I am glad to support a resolu-tion proposed by my colleagues Sen-ators M
ANCHIN , CASEY , MCCASKILL , and others to defend the constitutionality of preexisting condition protections in our healthcare system. This is critical to the well-being and the health of the families we represent. My Democratic colleagues and I know the ACA was not perfect when passed. I have heard from small busi-ness owners in my home State about some of the limitations due to in-creases in cost and the ways in which they wish we had a more robust tax credit for small businesses, ways they wish we would work together to perfect the ACA. That is why I came to the floor time and again in my first 4 years here, seeking colleagues across the aisle who were willing to work with us to make the Affordable Care Act bet-ter. Instead of working to tear down the ACA, we should have been working to address challenges with affordability and coverage, increasing tax credits for small businesses, and making it strong-er and more sustainable. Instead of sabotaging the care millions of Ameri-cans have depended on, we should have ensured there was more competition in the marketplace, especially in small States like my own. I wish we had, in-stead, taken a path of pursuing com-monsense regulatory reforms and cost containment efforts to slow the rate of growth of healthcare costs. It is not too late for that. It is still not impossible that we could set aside the divisive partisan rhetoric and that this administration will abandon its underhanded attempts to sabotage this healthcare law and, instead, focus on pursuing constructive, bipartisan fixes. The bottom line is the Affordable Care Act has helped millions of Ameri-cans—like Nicole and Kim, whose sto-ries I shared with you—live healthier and more secure lives. I am not opti-mistic, but I insist on remaining hope-ful that there is still time for us to do our job on a bipartisan basis and secure healthcare for all of America. As happened roughly a year ago next month, the floor of this Senate can still be moved by the voices of Ameri-cans who would say to this administra-tion: Stop your refusal to defend the ACA. Let’s move forward in a positive way, together. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. RUBIO). The Senator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, today I join my Democratic colleagues to condemn the Trump administra-tion’s efforts to sabotage the Afford-able Care Act. Not so long ago, Donald Trump ran for President, promising better, cheap-er healthcare for everyone. But instead of making anything better, President Trump is making everything in this re-gard worse. Big corporations are raking in tril-lion-dollar tax cuts while the forgotten Americans the President promised to protect are drowning in higher pre-miums, higher deductibles, and higher prescription drug costs. It is time to call out who is responsible for those soaring healthcare costs. Make no mistake, while the media is riveted on the President’s every tweet and the Russia investigation’s every turn, the Trump administration is doing everything it can to make healthcare less affordable and less ac-cessible to the American people. When you turn on the news, you don’t hear about the millions of Ameri-cans who have lost their coverage under President Trump’s watch. You don’t hear about how prices for the top 10 diabetes drugs have spiked over 25 percent, despite the President’s wild claims that drug companies will volun-tarily lower their prices. You will not hear about the administration’s cyn-ical efforts to destabilize our insurance markets and send premiums sky-rocketing, like the Health and Human Services Department’s recent freezing of the risk adjustment program. Look, healthcare policy may be com-plicated, but there is nothing com-plicated about the idea that healthcare is a human right. There is nothing con-troversial about the idea that cancer patients shouldn’t be price gouged as they battle the worst illness of their life. There is nothing radical about the idea that in the most prosperous coun-try on Earth, every American deserves quality, affordable healthcare. I know my Republican colleagues have no desire to remind voters how they spent the past year, but the Amer-ican people aren’t going to forget it. They aren’t going to forget how many times Republicans spent in a year pushing policies that would have left 32 million people uninsured, with vote after vote after vote to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act. They aren’t going to forget how Republicans tried to defund Planned Parenthood and deny millions of lower income women access to basic care. They aren’t going to forget how TrumpCare would have slapped older consumers with a punishing age tax and eliminated the Affordable Care Act’s essential health benefits provi-sion, which requires all health plans to cover basic things like prescription drugs, maternity care, and visits to specialists. They aren’t going to forget how TrumpCare slashed tax credits that helped middle-class families pur-chase coverage or how it would have ended Medicaid as we know it, aban-doning seniors in nursing homes, preg-nant women, disabled Americans, and the most vulnerable. Nor will Americans forget how Presi-dent Trump turned his back on pa-tients with preexisting conditions— which basically means someone had an illness in their life or was born with a birth defect and, therefore, had what insurance companies considered to be a preexisting condition that they could discriminate against and either not provide insurance coverage or have skyrocketing costs in order to get the coverage. As a candidate, and then as Presi-dent, Trump promised again and again that he would uphold protections for preexisting conditions. He went so far as to say that TrumpCare would be ‘‘every bit as good on pre-existing con-ditions as Obamacare.’’ So much for that. The Trump administration is now, as we speak, arguing in a Federal court that these protections are uncon-stitutional, and you can guess what Republican colleagues in Congress are doing about it—absolutely nothing. Instead of working to make healthcare more affordable, they are cheerleading efforts by the Trump ad-ministration to push junk insurance plans on consumers, ignoring the at-tacks on our health insurance markets that have sent premiums skyrocketing, and standing in silence as the Trump administration makes the case that the Affordable Care Act’s protections for preexisting conditions are unconsti-tutional. Republicans’ reckless abandonment of families with preexisting conditions is even more concerning, given Presi-dent Trump’s nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. This is a judge with a long his-tory of ruling against consumers, sid-ing with corporate interests, and as-sailing the constitutionality of the Af-fordable Care Act. If Republicans were really concerned about protecting pa-tients with preexisting conditions, they would put the brakes on this nom-ination. Instead, they have left the health and financial security of mil-lions of patients with preexisting con-ditions in the President’s hands. There are nearly 3.8 million people in my home State of New Jersey with pre-existing conditions. I have had the op-portunity to meet with some of them in recent months. They are outraged that we are even having this debate. They are afraid this President could take us back to a time when having a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.046 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5255 July 24, 2018 
history of asthma or diabetes meant being denied coverage or dropping your plan at any moment. Let me tell you about the folks I met with recently in Belleville, NJ. I heard from Ann, who is a survivor of sexual assault and today suffers from post- traumatic stress disorder. If President Trump gets his way, insurers could once again charge her more for cov-erage. I can’t think of a clearer in-stance of victim-blaming than charg-ing victims of sexual assault higher premiums because of the trauma they endured. Then there is Mirnaly, who was 7 months pregnant when she suffered her first stroke. Years later, she suffered another stroke while caring for her au-tistic son. Without the Affordable Care Act, insurance companies could deny coverage to moms like her who have had complicated pregnancies. And of course there is 4-year-old Ethan, who is more concerned about which dinosaur to play with than the pacemaker that is keeping him alive. Before the Affordable Care Act, chil-dren like Ethan were blacklisted from insurance companies for life. How do you tell a 4-year-old that his President no longer believes in protecting chil-dren like him? I wish my Republican colleagues could answer that question for Ann, Mirnaly, and for Ethan—as a matter of fact, for all of us. Fortunately, the American people are smarter than the majority gives them credit for. They know what is at stake. They know who is responsible for soaring prescription drug costs, for sky-high deductibles, for shrinking paychecks, and for soaring insurance premiums. It is the people in charge. The Republican Congress has had ample time to deliver better, cheaper health coverage to all Americans. In-stead, they have used every moment to try to force consumers to pay more for less care. They have refused to protect patients with preexisting conditions. They have shown zero interest in help-ing struggling families pay their bills. They have handed trillion-dollar tax cuts to big corporations and wealthy CEOs. Big old corporations aren’t using this windfall to raise wages. Health in-surance companies aren’t using this money to reduce premiums. Drug com-panies aren’t using this money to lower prices. Republicans said the Trump tax cuts would grow paychecks and solve all of our economic problems. Thus far, cor-porations have spent $650 billion buy-ing back their own stock while work-ers’ wages shrink in the face of soaring costs. Republicans promised the Sun and the Moon with these tax cuts, but here on planet Earth, we know that trickle-down economics doesn’t work. In all my years serving the people of New Jersey, I have never seen a cor-porate tax cut pay for a colonoscopy or cover a cancer patient’s prescription drugs. Americans deserve real solutions that will protect their families from rising premiums, deductibles, and pre-scription drug bills. Democrats are committed to delivering on those solu-tions. We have always been crystal clear about what motivates our work on healthcare. We believe that all Americans deserve affordable healthcare, no matter where they live, how much money they make, or what healthcare conditions they face. That is what I have spent my life fighting for, and I won’t stop until we achieve universal coverage for every man, woman, and child across this great Na-tion. In 2018, voters are going to re-member who fought to protect afford-able healthcare and who worked relent-lessly to undermine it. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 3407 AND 3430 TO AMENDMENT  
NO. 3399 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the fol-lowing amendments be called up en bloc and reported by number: Schatz amendment No. 3407; Kennedy amend-ment No. 3430. I further ask consent that following the remarks of Senators Baldwin, Durbin, Schatz, and Kennedy, the Senate vote in relation to the Schatz and Kennedy amendments in the order listed and that there be no second-degree amendments in order to the amendments prior to the votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments by number. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Alaska [Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 3407 and 3430 en bloc to amend-ment No. 3399. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3407 (Purpose: To provide for a report on facilities of the Department of the Interior damaged by certain volcanic eruptions) At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: 
DAMAGE TO DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
FACILITIES BY VOLCANIC ERUPTION  S
EC. llll. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall submit to Congress a report on each facility and re-lated infrastructure of the Department of the Interior damaged by a volcanic eruption covered by a major disaster declared by the President in calendar year 2018 in accordance with section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) (referred to in this sec-tion as a ‘‘covered facility’’). (b) The report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an inventory of all covered facilities; (2) a description of— (A) any closures of covered facilities; and (B) the estimated impact on visitorship to covered facilities open to the public as a re-sult of a volcanic eruption; and (3) a plan— (A) to restore or replace covered facilities; and (B) to restore visitorship levels to covered facilities open to the public to historic visitorship levels. (c) In preparing the plan required under subsection (b)(3), the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall— (1) engage the community in which the covered facility is located, including the State and units of local government; and (2) include the estimated costs of carrying out the activities described in the plan. AMENDMENT NO . 3430 (Purpose: To provide amounts for inspection of foreign seafood manufacturers and field examinations of imported seafood) On page 370, line 20, insert ‘‘, of which no less than $15,000,000 shall be used for inspec-tions of foreign seafood manufacturers and field examinations of imported seafood’’ after ‘‘Affairs’’. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, for the information of all Senators, we ex-pect these votes to occur shortly after 6 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. 
HEALTHCARE  
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues because this week marks the 1-year anniver-sary of Senator M
CCAIN’s casting the deciding vote against the healthcare repeal legislation. I, too, voted against that legislation, as I did on a number of very partisan efforts by President Trump and con-gressional Republicans. I did so be-cause the people of Wisconsin did not send me to Washington to take away people’s healthcare coverage. They have consistently sent a clear message that they want us to work across the party aisle to make things better and not worse. As I said throughout last year’s de-bate and have said to this day, the peo-ple of Wisconsin want both parties in Congress to work together to make things better by stabilizing the health insurance market, making healthcare more affordable, and taking on rising prescription drug prices. I strongly believe that if both parties look past the partisan debate in Wash-ington, we can find common ground on solutions that work for the American people. Each and every one of the healthcare repeal bills that were pushed by the President and congres-sional Republicans faced opposition from the American people because all of them would have done the same thing—they would have taken healthcare coverage away from mil-lions of Americans and made people pay more for less care. They would have gutted protections for those with preexisting conditions. They would have forced older adults to pay an age tax. They would have cut benefits for Medicaid for our most vulnerable peo-ple, like senior citizens and even our veterans. Put simply, this would have taken us back to the days when insur-ance companies set the rules. Wisconsin families and families across our entire country let their voices be heard to the Congress, people like Chelsey from Seymour, WI, whose daughter Zoe was born with a con-genital heart defect and had to have open heart surgery within 5 days of her birth. Chelsey wrote to me and said: ‘‘I’m pleading to you as a mother to fight for the . . . kids in Wisconsin with preexisting health conditions.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.048 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5256 July 24, 2018 
Together, we fought to protect the guaranteed healthcare protections that people depend on. Together, we fought the repeal plans to cut and cap Med-icaid, putting care at risk for everyone who depends on it, from a loved one who depends on Medicaid for nursing care, to a disabled child who relies on Medicaid funding at school. Together, we fought repeal plans that would have increased the number of uninsured Americans. Even defeating the legislative efforts that would have made things worse for our families didn’t end the threat to the American people. President Trump has been trying to do what congres-sional Republicans couldn’t. He has been sabotaging our healthcare system by undermining the guaranteed health protections and access to affordable care. He ended the critical cost-sharing reduction payments that make healthcare more affordable for almost 90,000 Wisconsinites. His administra-tion again slashed funding to States for outreach efforts that help more people sign up for healthcare. Trusted navi-gator programs like those in Wisconsin have had their funding cut by nearly 90 percent in the last 2 years. This will mean fewer people in rural Wisconsin will receive the support they need to obtain affordable coverage. President Trump’s sabotage of the healthcare market has created severe instability and already contributed to a 36-percent premium spike in Wis-consin this year. This damage is not enough for Trump’s administration, as it has also proposed a plan to allow insurance companies to sell what we call junk plans that could increase costs and re-duce access to quality coverage for millions of Americans, harm people with preexisting health conditions, and force premium increases on older adults. These junk plans once again let big insurance companies write the rules and could exclude basic care, in-cluding hospitalization, prescription drugs, mental health services, sub-stance abuse treatment, and maternity care. It still does not end there. Legisla-tive repeal efforts and executive branch sabotage have now moved to the judicial branch. Wisconsin’s Gov-ernor and attorney general sued to strike down the entire Affordable Care Act last month. Last month, the Trump administration supported this repeal effort by going to court to take away guaranteed protections and raise costs for Americans with preexisting conditions. If the lawsuit succeeds, in-surance companies will once again be able to discriminate against people with preexisting conditions by denying them coverage or charging exorbitant premiums. President Trump is threatening guar-anteed and affordable healthcare cov-erage for more than 133 million Ameri-cans and over 2 million Wisconsinites with preexisting conditions. In fact, as a Kaiser Health report made clear last week, if the Affordable Care Act’s pro-tections for people with preexisting medical conditions are struck down in court, Wisconsin is among a number of States that have the most to lose. Ac-cording to Kaiser, one out of every four Wisconsinites has a preexisting condi-tion, and they cannot afford to have the healthcare they depend on threat-ened. When I was a child, I was branded with the words ‘‘preexisting condition’’ after a serious childhood illness. I am going to continue fighting to make sure that no family has to choose between helping their child get better or going bankrupt. Again, the people of Wisconsin did not send me to Wash-ington to take away people’s healthcare, and I will continue my fight against these relentless efforts to make things worse for Wisconsin fami-lies. This issue is personal to me. I know it is very personal to the individuals and families in Wisconsin. No parent, no grandparent, no foster parent should lie awake at night wondering if the healthcare they have for their child today will be there tomorrow. That is why I will continue my work to protect it. Last year, the American people sent a loud message to Washington. I heard it. And they are sending the same sim-ple message today: Protect our care. I yield, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it is in-teresting—I listened to my colleague from Wisconsin, which is my neigh-boring State, talk about her personal and family experience with healthcare. I think every one of us has a story—it is our own personal story—or knows somebody in our family who has a med-ical history, tells a story of whether they had the proper care at the proper time, whether the family could afford it. And then there is the big question: Can you buy health insurance if you have a child with diabetes, if you have a wife who is suffering from cancer and survived? Can you buy health insur-ance? The interesting thing—I bet the Sen-ator found this because I know she is traveling all over her State of Wis-consin—this issue doesn’t go away be-cause people’s worry over it doesn’t go away. They are worried about whether they can afford to buy good health in-surance. They are worried about whether they can afford to buy pre-scription drugs. It is that insecurity, that economic insecurity about healthcare that really continues to make this the biggest issue year in, year out in America. I thank my colleague from Wisconsin for telling her story and for really giv-ing my speech. So I am going to con-dense it and just say a few things she might not have touched on. And I thank her for her contribution earlier today. It happened in my life at a very early age. My wife and I got married. I was in law school. God sent us a beautiful little girl, and she had a very serious medical problem. We were living here in Washington, DC, and didn’t have health insurance. I want to tell you that you have never felt more helpless in your life than to be a new father with that brand-new baby who des-perately needs medical care and not have health insurance. I will never for-get it as long as I live. I lived in such fear from that point forward of not having health insurance coverage that I did crazy things—getting health in-surance at two different places of em-ployment just to make sure I never lost it. It scared me that much, and I still remember that fear. I wonder if the people who are debating this issue about the Affordable Care Act ever lived through it themselves, because if they did, they wouldn’t be standing here saying that we can do away with the Affordable Care Act. We know what happens if you elimi-nate the Affordable Care Act. Millions of Americans lose their health insur-ance. Millions of Americans find health insurance not affordable. Millions of Americans are desperate for protec-tion, no longer have it, and can’t ac-cess the most basic, quality healthcare that every American should expect. We had this debate. A new President came in and said: The first thing I am going to do is to get rid of ObamaCare, to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. Well, the obvious question was this: Could he do it? It looked like he might be able to. The Republicans controlled the House and the Senate, and when they were in the majority with a Democratic Presi-dent, at least on 50 or 60 different occa-sions, the House Republicans voted to abolish ObamaCare. It was pointless because the Senate wasn’t going to take it up, and the President would never sign that bill into law, but you knew what the senti-ment was. We are getting rid of it. We are getting rid of it. We heard about that year after year. We passed the Af-fordable Care Act in 2010, and for year after year all the Republicans could say was this: Get rid of it. Get rid of it. Then came that moment when, figu-ratively, the dog caught the bus, and they had an opportunity to present on the floor of the Senate an alternative. What is it that you want to replace the Affordable Care Act with? We said to our Republican friends: You are elected to this body as legislators. Let’s see your legislation. It turns out that they didn’t have any. They just wanted to make sure ObamaCare was gone, but they couldn’t find a replacement, and they couldn’t answer the basic question as to how they would provide health insurance— or affordable health insurance—for the millions of people who would lose cov-erage. I remember the night—it was early in the morning it was—when we had the vote—the vote—on whether to elimi-nate ObamaCare. Two Republican Sen-ators had already voted with us, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.049 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5257 July 24, 2018 
the critical third vote walked in that door, and his name was J
OHNMCCAIN. He stood in that well and give a ‘‘no’’ sign with his thumb, and that was it. The Affordable Care Act lived for an-other day. Thank goodness he did it. Thank goodness he and two of his colleagues had the courage to do it, to stand up and say: If you can’t replace ObamaCare with something better, for goodness’ sake, stick with it, fix it. That didn’t happen. After that vote, there was a deter-mined effort at every level of the Trump administration to do away with ObamaCare. If they couldn’t kill it on the floor of the Senate, they were going to kill it in many different ways. They limited the period of time when you signed up to renew your health in-surance. They wanted to have fewer and fewer days available, hoping fewer and fewer people would take advantage of it. They eliminated the navigators, the advisers who help people pick the right health insurance plan. They didn’t want to give advice. They closed down the telephones to the agencies, where people would call saying: Well, what is my right under the Affordable Care Act? They did everything they could think of to eliminate ObamaCare and make it more difficult for people to sign up for it, but still people signed up. Many peo-ple realized it was their only chance— their only chance—to get health insur-ance. The Trump administration and Re-publicans in Congress are determined to this day to get rid of it, and they have a new approach. If they can’t kill it outright in the Senate and they can’t kill it by President Trump’s tweets, they are going to kill it in court. Here is what they decided to do. Twenty attorneys general, starting with Texas—and I see my friend from Texas on the floor; the leading attor-ney general is from Texas—filed a law-suit. Here is what they said. It is un-constitutional to say that you cannot discriminate against people because they have preexisting conditions. Now, those are three negative words. So let me try to translate this Helsinki style into something you might under-stand. What they basically said is this: We don’t believe the Constitution can stop an insurance company from discrimi-nating against people with a medical history, and we are going to court to prove it. And they have, with the sup-port of the Trump administration. They are trying to find a way to eliminate the protection of people with preexisting conditions so that they can buy affordable quality health insur-ance. What an amazing mission that is— that these attorneys general and this administration want to find a way to deny health insurance coverage to mil-lions of Americans or make it so expen-sive that they could never afford it. What are they thinking? Don’t they represent the same flesh-and-blood Americans as everyone else? Don’t they represent families, as I do, and all of us do, who have someone in their family with a medical history? I guess a third of American families qualify for that. Yet they want to say that those people should be discriminated against. Why? Because of the misfortune they had of being born with a congenital birth defect or the problem they had because they conquered cancer but al-ways worry about its coming back. These are the things that my Repub-lican friends say: Well, that is the way it goes. Good luck in the insurance market. We are not going to protect you. They say what it is all about is choice. It is pretty easy to have good choices in life when you are healthy or wealthy. But if you don’t fit in those two categories, your choices are ex-tremely limited. People find them-selves with only bad choices if they are not healthy or wealthy and they don’t have the protection of the law. They find health insurance premiums they cannot afford. When they find a pre-mium they can afford and start to look at the health insurance policy, it turns out that it doesn’t cover much. They also find themselves in posi-tions where, as I mentioned earlier, someone in the family has a medical history. The wife has a medical history and you can’t buy a family plan that you can afford for the rest of the fam-ily. That is the reality of the world the Republicans envision us moving to. Oh, it may be some great economic market model, but it doesn’t work in reality— not in the reality of people who are born with illnesses they have no con-trol over and who spend their lives fighting them and need a helping hand. The Affordable Care Act gave them that helping hand. The Trump adminis-tration and Republicans in Congress have been determined from the begin-ning to put an end to this protection, to eliminate health insurance for more and more Americans, and to make it unaffordable for so many families. Is that why they ran for Congress? Is that why they ran for the Senate—to go home and say: Well, sorry folks, but be-cause of my principles, you don’t get health insurance. You can’t afford the health insurance being offered to you, or you can buy a junk policy that just will not be there when you need it. Is that what America is all about? This is interesting to me, and I will close with this. The Chicago Medical Society represents the doctors in the greater Chicagoland area. I have come to know it. It is one of the best medical associations in our State. It is more progressive than most and more thoughtful than most. I really salute them time and again. They did a poll of their members, and they asked them: Where do you think this is going? Well, first they said: We believe that people have a right to quality, afford-able healthcare—these are doctors—a right to quality, affordable healthcare. Second, they said there are programs that work, like Medicare, programs that people trust. The premise behind Medicare is very basic. If you are of an eligible age, you get health insurance. We make sure of it. We guarantee to you that you are going to get quality care through a government-run insurance program. There are a lot of Republicans who would like to see Medicare and Med-icaid go away, too, but America wouldn’t. America believes in it. I be-lieve in the principle behind both of those plans—that, as Americans, we should care for one another, give each and every family a chance, and make certain that, at the end of the day, healthcare is not just a privilege for those who happen to be wealthy. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I want to talk for a second about an amend-ment I have to the minibus appropria-tions package. I am going to talk very briefly about the amendment, but, first, I want to re-spond to some of the comments of my friend the Senator from Illinois, for whom I have great respect. I just dis-agree with him on this subject of the Affordable Care Act, and I want to re-spond briefly. Let me tell you what Republicans be-lieve, at least most Republicans whom I know. Most Republicans I know be-lieve what Americans believe, and that is that in our country, if you are hun-gry, we feed you. If you are homeless, we house you. If you are too poor to be sick, we will pay for your doctor. We in America, Republicans and Democrats, put our money where our mouth is. We spend $1 trillion a year helping people who are less fortunate than we are, and that separates our country from every other country in the world. Frankly, that is why so many of our neighbors across this great planet want to come to America. It is because we care about other people. I mean, when is the last time you heard of anybody trying to sneak into China or Russia? That is why they want to come to America. But when a government program, though well intended, isn’t working, we owe it to the American taxpayer to ex-plain to them why, and the Affordable Care Act has not worked. I wish it had. I had the highest hopes. I remember when the Senate debated it. Call me a nerd, but I watched it on C–SPAN. I wanted it to work. We were promised: Look, as a result of this act, we are going to make health insurance acces-sible, and we are going to make it af-fordable. I said: Man, I will take a dozen of those. We have been trying to do that for 50 years around here. Maybe this time we will get it right. It was offered with the best of inten-tions. You will never hear me criticize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.050 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5258 July 24, 2018 
President Obama for an act of patriot-ism. He was very well intended. He wanted it to work. It wasn’t a question of bad motives. It was just a bad idea. You know, 150 years ago, doctors used to bleed their patients with the best of intentions, but they stopped doing it because it was a bad idea. Now, we can do better. I agree with the objectives from the Senator of Illi-nois. Let me say it again that I have great respect for him, but the Amer-ican people deserve a health insurance program that looks like somebody de-signed it on purpose, and that is not the Affordable Care Act. I wish it were, but it is not. We can do better. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3430 
Mr. President, let me hit a lick about my amendment to the minibus appro-priation package, H.R. 6147. Here is the problem. We have a lot of foreign seafood imported into the United States, and some of it is very dangerous. I am afraid to say that a lot of it is very dangerous. I am unhappy to say that. Our FDA is in charge of making sure that this foreign seafood is safe. It spends $11.9 million a year to do that. My amendment would give the FDA an additional $3.1 million, and here is why it is important. Last year, the United States im-ported $21.5 billion worth of seafood— not million, but $21.5 billion. Now, the FDA is supposed to inspect it to make sure that it is safe before you eat it. The FDA does the best it can, but they are only able, with the small amount of money, relatively speaking, that it has, to test a very small sample, 2 per-cent. Ninety-eight percent of the foreign seafood coming in is not even tested. When it is tested, the FDA often finds that it contains salmonella, it contains listeria, it contains dirt, and it con-tains illegal drugs, like antibiotics. What does that mean? Well, if you eat enough of the stuff, aside from the fact that you could grow an extra ear or glow in the dark, then, you develop a resistance to antibiotics. If you eat bad seafood, particularly shrimp full of these antibiotics, and you get sick, you get an infection, maybe an abscessed tooth. You go to the doctor, the doctor gives you anti-biotics, and they don’t work anymore. Now, remember that we are only ex-amining 2 percent of all seafood im-ports. If you run the numbers, you will see that barely 0.2 percent of seafood imports are rejected every year. The vast majority, 98 percent, were not even checked. This isn’t just about public safety, although that is cer-tainly important. It is also about pub-lic policy. As for American shrimpers, let me tell you what they have to compete against in my State and in other States. They are being asked to com-pete with foreign fishermen who are unfairly subsidized by the Federal Gov-ernment and who face little to no envi-ronmental regulations and little to no quality control. They fish where they are not supposed to. They ignore inter-national quotas. They pump much of their fish full of illegal drugs, and they don’t look out for the health of local ecosystems, as our domestic fisher men and women do. The result is dangerous. It is unsafe for the American people, and it is un-fair to the American shrimpers who do it the right way. I don’t want my family eating it. I don’t want my son eating it. I don’t want my wife eating it. I don’t want my dogs eating it. If the American peo-ple are listening, be careful if you eat it. That is what my amendment does. With that, I yield the floor. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 3407 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 3407. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 97, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 166 Leg.] YEAS—97 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—1 
Lee 
NOT VOTING—2 
Blunt McCain 
The amendment (No. 3407) was agreed to. VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 3430 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on agreeing to Kennedy amendment No. 3430. Mr. CORKER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient question? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 87, nays 11, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 167 Leg.] YEAS—87 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—11 
Crapo Flake Hassan Isakson Lankford Lee Paul Risch Sasse Shaheen Toomey 
NOT VOTING—2 
Blunt McCain 
The amendment (No. 3430) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. RES. 583 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, last week, the Senator from Delaware, Mr. C
OONS , and I submitted a resolution commending the Department of Justice for its investigation into the inter-ference by the Russian Federation in the 2016 U.S. Presidential election and maintaining that the Russian Federa-tion should be held accountable for its actions. This simple resolution simply ex-presses support for our intelligence community, showing them we are be-hind them, we agree with them, we have trust in them, and we reject the words of a dictator, Vladimir Putin, who denies that they interfered at all. The resolution denies the words of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.051 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5259 July 24, 2018 
dictator, Vladimir Putin, who main-tains there was no Russian interference in the election. Russian interference in the election is not a debatable fact. This occurred. We have evidence. Anybody who has seen simply what is public recognizes that this happened. Any of us in this body who have sat through classified briefings on this surely knows that it happened. Forensic evidence digitally and otherwise is simply not debatable. The reason for this resolution is that in Helsinki, it appeared our President seemed to take the word of a dictator over the word of our intelligence com-munity. He later walked that back but then still later—the next day—again talked about election interference as a ‘‘hoax.’’ This resolution is nothing more than simply to say it happened, we know it happened, and we stand with our intel-ligence community, which has said over and over again consistently that there was election interference. Last week, I cited George Orwell’s ‘‘1984,’’ where he said: ‘‘The party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears.’’ Today our President said, what you are seeing and what you are reading is not what is happening. We need to let the agencies of gov-ernment know we in the Senate stand behind them, that we understand there was election interference, and by doing this—by knowing this—we can prepare ourselves better for election inter-ference that we know is coming be-cause it is still in the works. As the Director of National Intel-ligence Dan Coats said, ‘‘The red light is blinking.’’ This interference oc-curred, and it continues. So by know-ing the truth, then we can better pre-pare for what is to come. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Foreign Relations Com-mittee be discharged from further con-sideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 583. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Georgia. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, what we have here is another distraction from what we in this body need to be focused on today; that is, funding the Federal Government and confirming this Presi-dent’s nominees. Right now, we have just 23 working days, as a result of the way the Senate operates, between now and the end of the fiscal year—just 23 days. Mean-while, we have 329 nominees. These are Presidential nominees waiting for this body to confirm them. We need to stay on track. This resolution is no more than polit-ical theater. This resolution was pre-viously objected to by Senator C
ORNYN  just last week. It will continue to be objected to again because it is unneces-sary. The Senate, the House of Representa-tives, and our intelligence community have all thoroughly investigated this matter. In fact, the Senate Intelligence Committee has held 16 open hearings, dating back to January of 2017. They all found that Russia did, in fact, at-tempt to interfere in the U.S. election. We all take that very seriously. However, let’s be crystal clear. They also found there is no evidence this in-terference impacted the outcome of the Presidential election in 2016 at all. This President and this body have consistently been tough on Russia. I have personally cosponsored strong sanctions on Russia and introduced legislation condemning Russian mili-tary aggression around the world. We are currently debating additional eco-nomic sanctions to hold Russia further accountable, and we will continue to do so as long as their nefarious activities continue. What we don’t need are more polit-ical distractions, and that is all this is. Therefore, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I just want to offer my response to the very disappointing renewed objection to the resolution that Senator FLAKE and I have attempted to move through this body now twice. Last week, Senator F
LAKE and I came to call on our Senate colleagues to speak clearly in support of our intel-ligence community, our Federal law enforcement community, and to state unequivocally that Russia’s attacks on our democracy will not be tolerated and that we will take action in a firm and bipartisan and swift way. Some have said this is merely a sim-ple or symbolic message. I say there are powerful symbols that motivate our Nation, like our flag, and that, al-though symbolic, are substantive in their consequences. After the narrow objection of one Senator to this resolution last week, we hear another objection tonight say-ing what we should be focused on is confirming nominees and funding the Federal Government. I, frankly, don’t get the point. If this symbolic resolu-tion, which calls on this Senate to act on hearings, on receiving notes, and on imposing sanctions, in order to push back against Russia’s attack on our de-mocracy—if we cannot find 2 minutes to adopt by unanimous consent this simple resolution, then I worry that we continue to have a problem. We con-tinue to have a problem of lack of clar-ity about what actually happened in 2016 and what may happen in 2018. I will remind my colleagues, briefly, that President Trump’s own Director of National Intelligence has warned that Russia’s attacks on our digital in-frastructure are ‘‘persistent, pervasive, and they are meant to undermine America’s democracy.’’ I know I don’t need to remind my colleagues that what defines us as a de-mocracy is free, fair, and open elec-tions that our people find credible. Just this morning, the Department of Homeland Security publicly released that air-gapped control centers for utilities in more than 100 places across our country had been penetrated suc-cessfully by Russian military intel-ligence. The threat to our 2018 election con-tinues to build, the clarity that we have been attacked in our 2016 election continues to build, and the sanctions that our President could be fully exer-cising were passed by this body by a vote of 98 to 2 last summer through the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. This resolution is simple. Because of a lack of clarity at the Helsinki sum-mit between President Trump and President Putin, it calls for prompt hearings, the release of relevant infor-mation and notes to better understand the impact of what was committed to in that meeting in Helsinki, and the full implementation of the sanctions adopted by this body by a vote of 98 to 2. Either we mean it or we don’t. Either we care about knowing what happened in Helsinki or we don’t. Either we get the threat to our upcoming election or we don’t. In my view, we continue to face threats to our elections and to our critical infrastructure, and it is long past time for Congress to work to-gether to secure our democracy. I will close by thanking my colleague and friend from Arizona for being a partner in this effort, for seeing clearly what is happening, and for standing up and asking this body to act. He gave, I think, a haunting opening quote from ‘‘1984.’’ I am concerned that if our President thinks it is appropriate to invite Presi-dent Putin of Russia to meet with him in our White House or in our Nation’s Capital, that he may not yet fully get the point. I am encouraged that Speak-er R
YAN and Majority Leader M CCON-
NELL said clearly earlier today that President Putin is not welcome in this Nation’s Capitol, in this building, in the Capitol where this Congress meets. I wonder what more it will take for there to be clarity on the part of the administration that President Putin is our adversary, has attacked our elec-tion, is a threat to our democracy, and should not be welcome in this Nation’s Capital as a whole. I call on my colleagues to support this resolution, to stand with our intel-ligence and law enforcement commu-nities and against this dangerous for-eign adversary, Russia. Again, I thank and compliment my colleague from Arizona for joining me in this important effort. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Delaware for his very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.057 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5260 July 24, 2018 
forceful articulation of the reason for this resolution. Again, I repeat what was said by the President today: ‘‘Just remember what you’re seeing and what you’re reading is not what’s happening.’’ Continually, the topic of election in-terference is being muddied and being further clarified and then further mud-died. That is why it is important for this body to stand up and say: We know what happened, and we don’t want it to happen again. That is what this resolu-tion is all about. The Senator who objected noted that we have a lot to do in Congress and we can’t waste our time with resolutions like this. If this simply passes, it is done. We have stated what we came here to state. But as it stands now, since it has been objected to, we will bring it back. So if we are really con-cerned about the agenda for the rest of the year, let’s simply agree to it and let the intelligence community know that we stand with them. That is what we are doing here. Why object to it? There is not one sentence in here, not one word that says anything about whether the election interference by the Russians was dispositive, if it had any impact on the election. That is not implied in any way by this resolution. It simply states what is obvious, what the Senator who objected acknowl-edged, which has been repeated again and again by this body, by the House Intelligence Committee, and by every intelligence agency that we have. Be-cause there was such a muddied state-ment in Helsinki, why not state once again here that we in the Senate know what happened and that we stand with those in the intelligence community who have brought this forward? With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here for the now 214th time to urge that we wake up to the effects of car-bon pollution on the Earth’s oceans, atmosphere, and climate. One obstacle to action on the threat that we face from climate change, how-ever, is the manufactured doubt that so often surrounds this issue. We find this manufactured doubt a fossil fuel indus-try product—just as oil and gas are fos-sil fuel industry products—flowing even from the editorial page of one of our Nation’s leading publications, the Wall Street Journal. Whenever the issue is harmful industrial pollutants, the Wall Street Journal’s editorial page has a long record of misleading its readers, denying the legitimate science, and even ignoring its own news reporting, all to shill for the polluting industries. A pattern of science denial repeats itself in the editorial pages of the Wall Street Journal on environmental issues—issues such as acid rain and de-pletion of the ozone layer and now, and for years, climate change. This edi-torial page has persistently published editorials against taking action to pre-vent manmade climate change. In June 1993, the editors wrote that there is ‘‘growing evidence that global warming just isn’t happening.’’ In September 1999, the editorial page reported that ‘‘serious scientists’’ call global warming ‘‘one of the greatest hoaxes of all time.’’ If that is what they are saying, I suspect that what those scientists are serious about is the money they get from the fossil fuel in-dustry. In June 2005, the page asserted that the link between fossil fuels and global warming had ‘‘become even more doubtful.’’ This was June 2005, and the Wall Street Journal editorial page was questioning whether there is a link be-tween fossil fuels and global warming? Even more recently, a December 2011 editorial said that the global warming debate requires what the page called ‘‘more definitive evidence.’’ I guess having essentially all the serious sci-entists in the world lined up on this is not serious enough. In October 2013, the editorial board of the Wall Street Journal warned that in addressing climate change, ‘‘interven-tions make the world poorer than it would otherwise be.’’ I guess if the world of Exxon shareholders is your world, then it does make it poorer, but in any real world, that just ain’t so. You would think that as the evidence mounted over the past several decades, the Wall Street Journal editorial page would have at some point woken up and begun to publish editorials based on real science and data. To put it mildly, that has not been the case. In-stead, the editorial page has doubled down on climate denial. Just last month, the Journal pub-lished a piece titled ‘‘The Sea is Rising, but Not Because of Climate Change.’’ This piece is riddled with readily fact- checked scientific errors, and it ig-nores all the legitimate science on cli-mate change and sea level rise. Not surprisingly, the author of this article, Fred Singer, is a notorious and long-standing climate denier who has for years been affiliated with or funded by the Heritage Foundation, the Heart-land Institute, the Cato Institute, and others. He has been funded by a rogues’ gallery of climate denial front groups that have themselves been funded by ExxonMobil and the Koch brothers’ network. Dr. Michael Mann and Dr. Andrea Dutton—both actual legitimate cli-mate scientists—wrote a response to the Wall Street Journal. Their article, titled simply ‘‘Water’s Rising Because It’s Getting Warmer,’’ directly address-es the factual problems with Singer’s piece. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this article be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-marks. In response to Singer’s claim that ice sheets are getting bigger, the actual climate scientists wrote: No, ice is not accumulating on Earth—it is melting. No, Antarctica isn’t too cold for melting—warming oceans are eroding the ice from beneath, destabilizing the ice sheet. And no, legitimate scientific conclusions are not reached in op-ed pieces, but through careful peer-reviewed research. 
Climate denial, by the way, tends to avoid peer review like the plague. It goes straight to FOX News, straight to hearings, and straight to the talk shows, because there it gets the audi-ence it wants without having to face the rigor it would not survive. Singer also erroneously claims that sea levels are not rising due to warm-ing temperatures. In response, Drs. Mann and Dutton explain: 
That research shows that sea levels are ris-ing and human-caused climate change is the cause. Don’t take our word for it; help your-self to the mountain of scientific literature showing as much. When water warms, it ex-pands. When ice warms, it melts. To deny these facts is not just to deny climate change. It is to deny basic physics. 
But in the spirit of climate denial, there is very little that these denialists won’t say. The Trump administration’s own ‘‘Climate Science Special Report,’’ issued by the Trump administration, found that ‘‘it is virtually certain that sea level rise this century and beyond will pose a growing challenge to coast-al communities, infrastructure, and ecosystems.’’ The ‘‘Climate Science Special Report’’ will serve as the sci-entific backbone for the Fourth Na-tional Climate Assessment, which is due later this year. The authors list is a who’s who of top university sci-entists—many from universities in the home States of Senators here in this body—and experts from NOAA, the EPA, NASA, our National Labs, and the National Science Foundation. By the way, those NASA people have a rover driving around on Mars. They may know a little something about science. The report is backed by the Departments of Agriculture, Defense, Energy, Commerce, Interior, and State—in all, 13 Federal Agencies and Departments. Or you can believe the editorial page of the Wall Street Jour-nal and its phony baloney fossil fuel- funded scientists. The Journal actually continued its climate denial spree in June, pub-lishing another piece titled ‘‘Thirty Years On, How Well Do Global Warm-ing Predictions Stand Up?’’ In this one, Patrick Michaels and Ryan Maue argue that Dr. James Hansen’s 1988 climate change warnings were overestimated. Well, let’s start by pulling the cur-tain back on these two characters who wrote the piece. You will quickly see that they are, to put it politely, aligned with the fossil fuel industry. Patrick Michaels is a senior fellow at the Koch-founded and Koch-funded Cato Institute. Michaels at one point admitted that 40 percent of his funding came from the fossil fuel industry. His 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.059 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5261 July 24, 2018 
coauthor also joined the Koch-funded Cato Institute last year. Believe it or not, yes, the fossil fuel industry still pays for this nonsense even as fossil fuel CEOs claim to recog-nize: Climate science is real, and we support a carbon fee. That, of course, being the latest chapter in the fossil fuel industry’s long and ongoing cam-paign of fraud—now pretending that they support a carbon fee, when all of their political apparatus is dedicated to opposing the very result they claim to seek. Thirty years ago, Hansen’s testimony outlined three scenarios. Remember, this was 1988. The first scenario was a business-as-usual projection with ac-celerating emissions, yielding 1.5 de-grees Celsius warming by 2017. The sec-ond scenario showed drastic emissions cuts, yielding 0.4 degrees Celsius warm-ing by 2017. Hansen proposed a middle scenario of continued but not accel-erating emissions, resulting in 0.84 de-grees Celsius warming by 2017. In his testimony, Dr. Hansen stated that the middle scenario was the most likely. Michaels and Maue claim that the scenario with the least amount of warming turned out to be correct, and therefore Hansen was wrong, and there-fore climate models can’t predict cli-mate change. Unfortunately for them, the facts are otherwise. Hansen’s analysis projected that global surface air temperatures would increase by approximately 0.84 degrees Celsius between 1988 and 2017 in his middle scenario, the one he said was most likely. Once you account for the effects of a slight cooling that resulted from the success of the Montreal Pro-tocol in phasing out chlorofluorocarbons, Hansen’s pro-jected warming is 0.6 to 0.7 degrees Cel-sius by 2017. That, in blue, is the adjusted Hansen projection. I don’t think you can fault him for not predicting the Montreal Protocol that happened after his pre-diction. It is fair to adjust his pre-diction for the Montreal Protocol and the effect of reduced chlorofluorocarbons. Once you do that, it shows that observed temperature in red tracks pretty darned well with his projections. If that were my work, I would be pretty proud of it. Here it is 30 years later, and we are off by a gap that my finger can cover on the graph. Michaels and Maue did not bother to mention that Hansen also predicted which parts of the globe would warm more quickly than others. Thirty years ago, he calculated the Arctic would warm faster, and there would be more warming over landmasses than over the oceans. All of these things are hap-pening. Even Hansen’s early climate models were accurate and reliable. And global warming is proceeding, just as the scientists have warned. As the Wall Street Journal editorial page continues to publish its fossil fuel-funded nonsense—stuff that is written by pseudoscientists, funded by the industry with a massive conflict of interest about this question—it has been 30 years since the warnings of Hansen. Despite all of the evidence that has piled up, consistent with his warnings, despite the regular litany of current events driven by climate change now, Congress has been taking no action. We have been stilled by the forces of the fossil fuel industry. The real irony here is that the Wall Street Journal claims to be the news source for businesses and financial in-vestors. Off the editorial page, out in the real world of business and finance, real decisions are being made by real executives, backed by real money. Are they buying what the Wall Street Journal editorial page is sell-ing? No. No, indeed. They are telling their clients and their companies: You must take climate change seriously, and you must take carbon pricing seri-ously. In the real world, businesses are de-manding better climate policies and in-vestors are demanding better reporting of climate risk. The giant investment firm BlackRock led a group of major investors and broke the back of ExxonMobil’s opposition to answering to its shareholders about climate change. They are demanding this. Many companies are even setting their own internal price on carbon to ac-count for the real-world costs of cli-mate change. The business community and the investment community are acting because they know climate change is real, is affecting their prog-nosis for their companies, and carbon pricing is a key part of the solution. Increasingly, economists and finan-cial regulators warn that we are actu-ally hurtling toward an economic dis-ruption—that we need to prepare for a possible crash of what they call the carbon bubble. This carbon bubble col-lapses when fossil fuel reserves, now claimed as assets by the fossil fuel companies, turn out to be useless as re-newable energy sources grow more competitive, and those useless assets become what are called stranded as-sets. How much gets stranded? A publication by economists in the journal Nature estimated the following impacts in a 2-degree Celsius world: ‘‘stranded assets . . . around 82 percent of global coal reserves, 49 percent of global gas reserves, and 33 percent of global oil reserves.’’ Imagine that—82 percent of global coal reserves gone, wiped off the bal-ance sheets; 49 percent of global gas re-serves gone, wiped off the balance sheets; and 33 percent of global oil re-serves gone, wiped off the balance sheets because they are no longer eco-nomically producible. Is this nuts? Even the Bank of Eng-land in an official statement has warned that investments in fossil fuels and related technologies may ‘‘take a huge hit.’’ At some point, there has to be a grownup in the room. The fossil fuel in-dustry, obviously, is not capable of being that grownup. They still pay for denial and obstruction. The Wall Street Journal’s editorial page is obvi-ously no use. That page is still yapping on the industry’s leash. There is some good news. This week, two House Republicans, at long last, introduced a bill that would put a price on carbon emissions. But we still await one Republican in the Senate, just one—anyone who will face up to this problem, who will stand up for science, who will acknowledge what their own home State’s universities are teaching and take some real action. Climate de-nial is a dangerous and ultimately doomed game, and the Wall Street Journal editorial page should know better. It is time to wake up. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
WATER ’SRISING BECAUSE IT’SGETTING  W
ARMER  M
AY22, 2018.—Would the Journal run the op-ed ‘‘Objects Are Falling, but Not Because of Gravity’’? That’s pretty similar to climate contrarian Fred Singer saying The Sea Is Rising, but Not Because of Climate Change’’ (op-ed, May 16). No, ice is not accumulating on Earth—it is melting. No, Antarctica isn’t too cold for melting—warming oceans are eroding the ice from beneath, destabilizing the ice sheet. And no, legitimate scientific conclusions are not reached in op-ed pieces, but through careful peer-reviewed research. That research shows that sea levels are ris-ing and human-caused climate change is the cause. Don’t take our word for it; help your-self to the mountain of scientific literature showing as much. When water warms, it ex-pands. When ice warms, it melts. To deny these facts is not just to deny climate change. It is to deny basic physics. New York City experienced an additional 25 square miles of flooding from the approxi-mately one foot of sea-level rise that has oc-curred due to human-caused warming. With-out concerted efforts to reduce carbon emis-sions, it could experience as much as eight feet by the end of the century—permanently inundating most of Wall Street. A
SST. PROF. ANDREA L. D
UTTON , University of Florida, Gainesville, Fla. P
ROF. MICHAEL E. M ANN, Penn State University, University Park, Pa. 
Fred Singer leaves out any real evidence to refute research attributing the measured sea-level rise almost exactly to the measured thermal expansion of seawater and glacier melt. S
EN. SHELDON WHITEHOUSE (D., R.I.), Newport, RI. 
Our emissions will continue shaping how much seas rise in the coming decades. Tak-ing this threat lightly endangers hundreds of communities in the U.S. and world-wide, and wastes the dwindling time we have to reduce our risk by cutting carbon emissions and in-vesting in resilience. Since 1900, global sea level has risen by seven to eight inches. Sea- level rise has brought more frequent flooding to dozens of coastal communities, including Atlantic City, N.J. and Charleston, S.C., where the number of floods has quadrupled since 1970. The pace of sea-level rise has re-cently doubled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.060 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5262 July 24, 2018 
Mr. Singer acknowledges there’s ‘‘good data showing sea levels are in fact rising at an accelerating rate,’’ yet makes the unsci-entific claim that this is disconnected from rising global-warming emissions and tem-peratures. The risks are clear. Sea-level rise projections for 2100 range from one foot to more than eight feet—far greater than the six inches Mr. Singer claims. Swiftly reduc-ing our global-warming emissions would give us the best chance to minimize sea-level rise, but our current emissions trajectory makes achieving the range’s low end more unlikely each day. K
RISTINA DAHL, PH.D., Union of Concerned Scientists, Oakland, CA. 
NASA disagrees with Prof. Singer. A Feb. 13 paper notes: ‘‘Rising concentrations of greenhouse gases in Earth’s atmosphere in-crease the temperature of air and water, which causes sea level to rise in two ways. First, warmer water expands, and this ’ther-mal expansion’ of the ocean has contributed about half of the 2.8 inches (7 centimeters) of global mean sea-level rise we’ve seen over the last 25 years . . . Second, melting land ice flows into the ocean, also increasing sea level across the globe.’’ W
ENDY FLEISCHER , Brooklyn, NY. 
Melting ice is not the only thing that can raise the sea level. Note the eruption of hun-dreds of undersea volcanoes in the oceans and what they deposit. All of the rivers of the world flush millions of acre feet of mud and silt into the sea floor daily. During an undersea earthquake a tectonic plate could override another, affecting a thousand miles of sea floor, displacing a great deal of water and raising the sea level. D
AVID DARLOW , Spokane, WA. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 467 and 858. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The bill clerk read the nominations of Bruce Landsberg, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Trans-portation Safety Board for a term ex-piring December 31, 2022; and Jennifer L. Homendy, of Virginia, to be a Mem-ber of the National Transportation Safety Board for a term expiring De-cember 31, 2019. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. ROUNDS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate vote on the nomi-nations en bloc with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be immediately no-tified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; that any statements relating to the nominations be printed in the RECORD , and the Sen-ate resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Landsberg and Homendy nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MONTANA KOREAN WAR VETERANS Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I rise today in honor of the Montanans who served our Nation during the Korean war. Their service and sacrifice will for-ever be remembered in the official C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD . Many of them rest in peace in the sacred ground of the Yellowstone National Cemetery. During the Korean war, 6.8 million Americans served between 1950 and 1953. About 20,000 Montanans served in the military during that time, and 5,000 of them saw combat. We lost 350 Mon-tanans in Korea. Today about 6,000 Korean war vet-erans call Montana home. Survivors of the ‘‘Forgotten War,’’ far too many of them have struggled for far too long to receive the recognition and benefits they truly deserve. As ranking member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, it has been my honor to fight for legislation that rights this wrong. I have intro-duced legislation that extends benefits related to toxic exposure to more vet-erans who served along the Korean De-militarized Zone. Because when serv-icemembers deploy to harm’s way and are exposed to toxic chemicals, our country has a responsibility to meet their healthcare needs. Honoring these veterans takes more than just legislation; it takes dedicated people who are committed to telling their stories and honoring those who have served. The Montana American Legion, led by Commander Richard Klose, is an im-portant partner working to ensure vet-erans who fought in every conflict can get the healthcare, honor, and recogni-tion they have earned. Since 2014, Montana veterans and their loved ones can choose to be bur-ied under the Big Sky in the Yellow-stone National Cemetery—veterans like COL John R. Black of the U.S. Army, the most highly decorated vet-eran interred at the Yellowstone Na-tional Cemetery, earned two Silver Star medals and two Legion of Merit medals in his service to our Nation in the Korean and Vietnam wars; veterans like Captain Ralph D. Myer, a U.S. Public Health Service Officer of the Korean and Vietnam wars, is one of the highest ranking veterans interred at the Yellowstone National Cemetery. Montana will remember Colonel Black, Captain Myer, and all of our citizens who fought during the Korean war. We will honor their memory by re-lentlessly fighting to get the veterans of the Korean war the equal benefits and care that they earned but are too often denied. Some paid the ultimate sacrifice. Some returned home bearing the seen and unseen wounds of war. All showed courage and strength when they heeded the call to protect our Nation far from home. We cannot forget their service and sacrifice. To Commander Klose, the Montana American Legion, my friends at the Yellowstone National Cemetery, and all those who dedicate their lives to this country in service, on behalf of myself, Montana, and our Nation, I ex-tend my greatest thanks for your en-during bravery, service, and self-sac-rifice. 
f 
REMEMBERING GEORGE B. WILLIE, SR. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I rise to honor George B. Willie, Sr., one of our last surviving Navajo code talkers, who passed away at age 92 on December 5, 2017. Mr. Willie was a humble man who never bragged and rarely talked about his uncommon feat. Mr. Willie was born near Sawmill, AZ. He was To´Dı´ch’iı´nii—Bitter Water—and born for Ta´baaha´—Near The Water Edge—and resided near Leupp when he passed away. Mr. Willie only had a seventh-grade education. He tried to enlist in 1941, but was too young. He was finally able to join the Marines 2 years later, when he was 17 years old. He served the Sec-ond Marine Division, 10th Battalion, from 1943 until 1946. As a marine, Mr. Willie was one of the 421 code talkers from the Navajo Nation. The original 29 Navajo code talkers developed a code based on their native language. At that time, there was no written language, and only about 30 persons outside of Tribal members understood Navajo. The code talkers were required to quickly and accurately translate and transmit mes-sages about troop movements, tactics, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.063 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5263 July 24, 2018 
and the like through telephone and radio. At first skeptical, military lead-ers quickly learned to appreciate their skill and tremendous value to the war effort. The Japanese never broke their code. While the Federal Government relied on the Navajo language for military success, back home, it continued the longstanding policy of forbidding Na-tive students from speaking their lan-guages at Federal boarding schools. Mr. Willie served in the Battle of Okinawa, one of the last and deadliest battles of the war. In June 1945, the Americans and the British Pacific Fleet took the island after 82 days of battle. It was their last stop before the planned attempt to take the Island of Japan, which was preempted when the United States dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima on August 6. After coming home, Mr. Willie mar-ried Emma Gean Willie, and they had 10 children. The code talker program was secret, and the code talkers were sworn not to tell anyone about their work. Even after the Federal Govern-ment declassified the program in 1968, Mr. Willie continued to honor his promise and did not tell family mem-bers he was a code talker until almost 30 years later. In 2001, Mr. Willie and his fellow code talkers were awarded the Silver Congressional Medal of Honor. Today I honor Mr. Willie, a true American hero. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING JOHN G. DEERY, SR. ∑Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to pay tribute to an outstanding businessman and cit-izen John G. Deery, Sr., of Cedar Falls, IA. Mr. Deery passed away recently at the age of 88. He leaves behind a close- knit and loving family—his beloved wife, Marlene; his two sons, John and Dan, both of Cedar Falls, IA; and a host of children and great-grandchildren, nieces and nephews. A veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps, John was an active parishioner of St. Patrick Catholic Church and a re-spected civic and business leader who left his mark throughout Cedar Valley. Following his military service—1948  1951—and startup ventures in the Quad Cities and Wisconsin, John purchased a Buick dealership in the late 1960s in Cedar Falls. This Wisconsin native be-came an Iowa transplant and never looked back. From then on, he and his family business paved a road to pros-perity by winning the business of gen-erations of satisfied customers. A look back through the rearview mirror shows a life well lived. He was a member of the Cedar Falls AMVETS Post 49, Iowa Auto Dealers Associa-tion, Knights of Columbus, and a founding father of Community Na-tional Bank. The patriarch of the family, John carved out his slice of the American dream. After opening the Buick dealer-ship, the business eventually grew into a series of enterprises, eventually em-ploying a workforce of more than 200 people. For six decades, he owned the Deery Automotive Group, encom-passing John Deery Motors, Dan Deery Motors, and Deery Brothers Collision Center that provided livelihoods for generations of local families and a trusted place to buy and repair the family car. After turning the reins of the auto-mobile business over to the next gen-eration, John launched yet another successful enterprise in real estate de-velopment. An active octogenarian, John didn’t let any grass grow under-neath his feet and continued looking for ways to make his community a bet-ter place to live. A decade ago, he was nominated for the Waterloo Courier’s inaugural Eight Over Eighty Award. The residents of Cedar Valley have benefited from John and Marlene’s gen-erous commitment to giving back their time, talent, and treasure. A number of nonprofit agencies and community or-ganizations have benefited from their philanthropic pursuits, including my alma mater, the University of North-ern Iowa, the Black Hawk County Sheriff’s Office, the Cedar Falls and Waterloo police departments, St. Pat-rick Catholic Church and School, and El Kahir Shrine. Today I pay my respects to this American veteran, successful Iowan, and civic leader. John Deery, Sr., steered a steady and honorable journey on the road of life and he will be great-ly missed by those who loved him the most.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DIANNE PAQUETTE ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I am honored to recognize as July’s Granite Stater of the Month an individual who truly embodies the best of New Hamp-shire’s all-hands-on-deck spirit, con-sistently rolling up her sleeves and helping her community, Dianne Paquette of Salem, NH. Dianne’s efforts started with two ele-mentary school playgrounds that need-ed repairs. She led efforts to raise money to repair the playgrounds be-cause, in her words, ‘‘somebody has to.’’ After she was successful in her fundraising efforts for the playgrounds, Dianne moved on to other town land-marks and was instrumental in raising funds and gathering volunteers for sev-eral projects, including restoring the historic Salem Depot Train Station. Dianne has formed a core group of friends—a group that she calls the Vil-lage—made up of law enforcement offi-cials, firefighters, and Granite Staters who share her commitment to helping their community. Recently, Dianne and the Village have focused on helping those in need after two separate apart-ment fires in Salem. She helped orga-nize a spaghetti dinner that raised nearly $6,000 and then, following a sec-ond fire, and with the help of fire-fighters working in the kitchen, a pan-cake breakfast that raised over $5,000. Dianne said that these fires increased awareness about an issue that is near to her heart, the lack of affordable housing in the Salem area. The funds she helped raise are going to address many of the challenges the victims of the fires will face, including relocating. As she said, you can’t fix everything with pancakes and spaghetti, but you can do what you can to help. Dianne reminds us all that some-times helping your community is about being the person to take the first step and voice the idea, and her efforts to mobilize friends and neighbors to work together has made a difference throughout her community. For her dedication to Salem, I am proud to rec-ognize Dianne as July’s Granite Stater of the Month.∑ f 
REMEMBERING JACK POWELL ∑Mr. JONES. Mr. President, I rise today with deep sadness, but also with reverence to remember Jack Powell, who died on May 12, 2018. Jack Powell was a beloved coach and educator in Alabama. He was revered by his stu-dents and players and often regarded as a second father to many. Until his 95th birthday, regular reunions were held by former high school players to honor Coach Powell and reminisce with former teammates. His accomplish-ments on and off the course touched thousands of lives. Coach Powell was born on March 20, 1922, in Andalusia. He was one of 10 children born to George Bennie and Lilla Lawson Powell. He played basket-ball in the State tournament for 3 years as a student at Pleasant Home High School. They went undefeated during the regular season of his senior year. Coach Powell went on to Auburn University to play for coaches Bob Evans, Ralph ‘‘Shug’’ Jordan, and V.J. Edney. While at Auburn, he was a letterman 2 years in a row and cocap-tain of the team in 1946. After his college career, he served as an educator for approximately 40 years. He worked at Lockhart and Eufaula high schools from 1947 to 1966, then Livingston University, now the Univer-sity of West Alabama, from 1966 to 1972, and finally at Sparks State Technical College in Eufaula until his retire-ment. During his time as a high school coach, he received several Coach of the Year Awards and won district, area, re-gional, and State championships. He coached three Alabama All-Star Games, including the inaugural game in 1963. He served as coach to 11 All- State players. While at Eufaula High School, his team went to the State tournament nine times, finishing in the top four positions. During his 20- year tenure, he amassed an impressive winning record of 406–193. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.060 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5264 July 24, 2018 
When he entered the college coaching scene in 1966, he led Livingston Univer-sity to its first Alabama Collegiate Conference championship and two con-secutive ACC Tournament Champion-ships. In 1969, he was named ACC Coach of the Year and in 1971 was again named ACC Coach of the Year, in addi-tion to Alabama Small Colleges Coach of the Year and NAIA District 27 Coach of the Year. In 1992, after decades of hard work and commitment to teams, he became one of the first inductees in the Ala-bama High School Sports Hall of Fame. One of his greatest honors was having a gymnasium named after him in Eufaula, where it served as the home to Eufaula’s youth basketball leagues for many years. He also established a Tri- State basketball tryout clinic where players came from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, and Tennessee. As a result, more than 60 young athletes earned scholarships to play in college. Aside from teaching and coaching, Coach Powell was an avid outdoorsmen who loved to fish, hunt, and garden. He also served in his churches in both Eufaula and Livingston. He was a Sun-day school teacher for more than 50 years in addition to serving as a deacon and chairman of the board for more than 12 years. My wife, Louise, and I extend our sin-cerest condolences to Coach Powell’s two sons, five grandchildren, seven great-grandchildren, and the entire ex-tended community of athletes and fans on whom he made a positive impact. His legacy lives on in each of us. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING MORT PLUMB ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, the Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport is buzzing with activity all year long. It connects our military posted in Alaska with their families in the Lower 48, welcomes business visi-tors from around the world, and takes Alaskans to the Lower 48 for a weekend of cheering the Seahawks in Seattle, a shopping trip, or simply a break from the Alaskan winter. The Anchorage airport is the truly a crossroads for our friends in rural Alas-ka coming and going from meetings and medical appointments in Anchor-age. Its gates are places where Alas-kans congregate—catching up with old friends or connecting with State legis-lators and an occasional U.S. Senator. Look to the left as your plane pulls into the gate, and you see cargo planes from around the world. The Ted Ste-vens Anchorage International Airport is our State’s premier transportation hub, a cargo hub of global renown. For most of my adult life, the An-chorage airport was a pretty utili-tarian place. The walls were tan, the gate and baggage claim signs had white lettering on a blue background. If you were picking up a rental car, you rolled your bag through the snow because most were parked outside. The return lot was outside too. But it worked. It was a place to come and go, not a place to linger. Mort Plumb had another vision. He foresaw the boom in tourism that would come to Alaska and believed that our State needed a gateway air-port as beautiful and inspiring as the State itself. Mort was the father of to-day’s Ted Stevens Anchorage Inter-national Airport. A showplace for Na-tive arts and crafts with huge picture windows and vistas of the Chugach mountain range that cause our visitors to wonder whether they really want to leave this unique place, a portal to the Great Land. Mort’s vision has paid off; 2018 could be a record year for tourism in Alaska, and seat capacity on out-of-state flights this year is up 5.6 percent. That translates into the opportunity for an additional 43,000 visitors to enjoy what Alaska has to offer. Sadly, in February, Mort passed away at the age of 74. Born in Pennsyl-vania, he came to Alaska like many of our finest do: in the service of our country. He served 27 years in the Air Force, and we are indeed grateful that the Air Force chose to send Mort and his family to Elmendorf Air Force Base in Anchorage. As a colonel, Mort served as director of operations for the Alaskan Command, chief of staff for the 11th Air Force, and vice com-mander for the 11th Air Force. He re-tired from the Air Force in 1994. Mort’s retirement didn’t last long, as he was quickly recruited by Governor Tony Knowles to direct the Ted Ste-vens Anchorage International Airport. He took that job in 1995 and remained until 2008. All told, he served under three Governors: Democrat Knowles and Republicans Frank Murkowski and Sarah Palin. Mort Plumb served with great distinction. After retiring from the airport, Mort was hardly done with his career. He took on new responsibilities as chief operating officer of the First National Bank of Alaska and continued to serve on a host of nonprofit boards. One of his favorites was the Fisher House of Alaska, which cares for military fam-ily caregivers and veterans in town for medical appointments. Mort was active in the civilian and military community and was also an avid runner, golfer, and skier. He was a devoted husband, attending most every community event with his wife, Ann, by his side. He was also a loving father and doting grand-father. To his family and friends, know that the legacy and service of Mort Plumb will long be remembered. We appre-ciate our friend Mort, and we miss him.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING GEORGE ELL ∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I rise today to honor the life of George Ell, a member of the Blackfeet Nation who is being remembered by his family, by his community, and by his Tribe. George was born and grew up on Livermore Creek near Browning, MT, fishing and exploring the mountains surrounding it. In the year 1890, not long after Montana was admitted to the Union, the U.S. Government forc-ibly took him from his home at the age of 16. George was forced to board a train to Pennsylvania to attend Carlisle Indian Industrial School. He was turned away from his cultural practices, forced to cut his hair, and discard his traditional clothing. He was barred from speaking his language. George died under mysterious cir-cumstances a little more than a year after he arrived in Pennsylvania—a for-eign land for a 16-year-old boy. The government buried him in Carlisle. It took 128 years for George to rightfully return home to Montana, where he be-longs, to be reburied. George’s ancestors laid him to rest recently on a bluff next to Flattop Mountain, where his family can mourn and our Nation can learn from this sad chapter of America’s history. I also want to recognize George’s family, including Dale Ell, Leon Chief Elk, Rhonda Boggs, and everyone in-volved, who were relentless in their quest to bring George back home. Their efforts are not only admirable, but an essential part of the collective healing process. The Ell family is just one of many Native American families who were torn apart by this Nation’s horrendous assimilation policies and the boarding school era. It is my hope that, as his family lays George Ell to rest, we com-mit ourselves to a brighter future—a future where we celebrate the first peo-ple of this Nation, their culture, herit-age, religion, and strength. It is imper-ative that we learn from the story of Mr. Ell, so the next generation is edu-cated about the suffering, so our kids and grandkids are inspired by his for-titude and the resilience of so many other Native Americans. I rise today to honor those who were tested by cruelty; may their stories resonate in our history and spur us to-ward a stronger tomorrow.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 12:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.053 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5265 July 24, 2018 
Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 2245. An act to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand. S. 2850. An act to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 959. An act to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend ad-vanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist programs, and for other purposes. H.R. 1220. An act to establish the Adams Memorial Commission to carry out the pro-visions of Public Law 107–62, and for other purposes. H.R. 1676. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at ac-credited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician as-sistant education programs, to promote edu-cation and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medi-cine. H.R. 1689. An act to protect private prop-erty rights. H.R. 2345. An act to require the Federal Communications Commission to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easy-to- remember dialing code to be used for a na-tional suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system. H.R. 2630. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, and for other purposes. H.R. 3045. An act to amend the National Trails System Act to extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail, and for other purposes. H.R. 3728. An act to amend title VII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain programs relating to the health pro-fessions workforce, and for other purposes. H.R. 3994. An act to establish the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth, and for other purposes. H.R. 4100. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to revise the Federal charter for the Foundation of the Federal Bar Associa-tion. H.R. 4881. An act to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a task force for reviewing the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States. H.R. 5385. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the pro-gram of payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and for other purposes. H.R. 5613. An act to designate the Quindaro Townsite in Kansas City, Kansas, as a Na-tional Commemorative Site. H.R. 5709. An act to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to provide for enhanced penalties for pirate radio, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5875. An act to amend the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act and the Dingell-Johnson Federal Aid in Sport Fish Restoration Act, to provide parity for United States territories and the District of Colum-bia, to make technical corrections to such Acts and related laws, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5954. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes. H.R. 5979. An act to establish the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the Na-tional Park System, and for other purposes. H.R. 6077. An act recognizing the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York. f MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 959. An act to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend ad-vanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 1220. An act to establish the Adams Memorial Commission to carry out the pro-visions of Public Law 107–62, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 1676. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at ac-credited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician as-sistant education programs, to promote edu-cation and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medi-cine; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 1689. An act to protect private prop-erty rights; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. H.R. 2630. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 3045. An act to amend the National Trails System Act to extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 3728. An act to amend title VII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain programs relating to the health pro-fessions workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 3994. An act to establish the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 4100. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to revise the Federal charter for the Foundation of the Federal Bar Associa-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 4881. An act to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a task force for reviewing the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 5613. An act to designate the Quindaro Townsite in Kansas City, Kansas, as a Na-tional Commemorative Site, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 5709. An act to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to provide for enhanced penalties for pirate radio, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 5875. An act to amend the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act and the Dingell-Johnson Federal Aid in Sport Fish Restoration Act, to provide parity for United States territories and the District of Colum-bia, to make technical corrections to such Acts and related laws, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 5979. An act to establish the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the Na-tional Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 6077. An act recognizing the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. f MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 5954. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6014. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Flonicamid; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9977–82–OCSPP) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6015. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Robert S. Walsh, United States Marine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6016. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to ter-rorists who threaten to disrupt the Middle East peace process that was declared in Ex-ecutive Order 12947 of January 23, 1995; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6017. A communication from the Sec-retary, Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Rule 701 - Exempt Of-ferings Pursuant to Compensatory Arrange-ments’’ (RIN3235–AM39) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6018. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants From the Portland Ce-ment Manufacturing Industry Residual Risk and Technology Review’’ (FRL No. 9981–06– OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6019. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.013 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5266 July 24, 2018 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Plan Revi-sions; Northern Sonoma County Air Pollu-tion Control District; Stationary Source Permits’’ (FRL No. 9981–01–Region 9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6020. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Li-censes: Program-Specific Guidance About Li-censes Authorizing Distribution to General Licensees’’ (NUREG–1556, Volume 16, Revi-sion 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6021. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Li-censes: Program-Specific Guidance About Well Logging, Tracer, and Field Flood Study Licenses’’ (NUREG–1556, Volume 14, Revision 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6022. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Reactor Regulation, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Safety Evaluation of Technical Specifica-tions Task Force Traveler TSTF–567, Revi-sion 1, Add Containment Sump TS to Ad-dress GSI–191 Issues’’ (NUREG–1430, NUREG– 1431, and NUREG–1432) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6023. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services for the man-ufacture of significant military equipment abroad to Japan to support the manufacture of Drogue Rocket Motor and Propellant for end use in aircraft ejection seats for the Jap-anese Ministry of Defense (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–010); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6024. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for International Orga-nization Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report certifying for fiscal year 2018 that no United Nations agency or United Nations affiliated agency grants any official status, accreditation, or recognition to any organization which pro-motes and condones or seeks the legalization of pedophilia, or which includes as a sub-sidiary or member any such organization; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6025. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for Regu-latory Services, Office of Postsecondary Edu-cation, Department of Education, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Student Assistance General Provi-sions, Federal Perkins Loan Program, Fed-eral Family Education Loan Program, Wil-liam D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program, and Teacher Education Assistance for Col-lege and Higher Education Grant Program; Corrections’’ (RIN1840–AD28) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 23, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6026. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–411, ‘‘All-Terrain Vehicle Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6027. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–412, ‘‘Attorney General Lim-ited Grant-Making Authority Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6028. A communication from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Bureau of Prisons’ compliance with the privatization requirements of the National Capital Revitalization and Self-Government Improvement Act of 1997; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6029. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment, Department of Veterans Affairs, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Third Party Billing for Medical Care Provided under Special Treatment Au-thorities’’ (RIN2900–AP20) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2018; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. EC–6030. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment, Department of Veterans Affairs, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fiduciary Activities’’ (RIN2900– AO53) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–6031. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.202(b), Table of Allot-ments, FM Broadcast Stations (Connerville, Oklahoma)’’ (MB Docket No. 18–43) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6032. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Parts 1 and 22 of the Commission’s Rules with Regard to the Cellular Service, Including Changes in Licensing of Unserved Area, et al.’’ ((WT Docket No. 12–40, 10–112, and 16–138) (FCC 18– 92)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. WICKER for Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Stephen R. Lyons, to be General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Brian T. Kelly, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Mark D. Kelly, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Col. Timothy J. Madden, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Jeffrey L. Harrigian, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Thomas A. Bussiere, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Kenneth S. Wilsbach, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Stephen M. Twitty, to be Lieutenant General. Marine Corps nomination of Lt. Gen. Gary L. Thomas, to be General. Air Force nomination of Col. Susan J. Pietrykowski, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Jon T. Thomas, to be Lieutenant General. Army nominations beginning with Col. Gregory K. Anderson and ending with Col. Todd R. Wasmund, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 10, 2018. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. James F. Pasquarette, to be Lieutenant General. Mr. WICKER for Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the fol-lowing nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates in-dicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nomina-tions lie at the Secretary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Jac-queline E. Berry and ending with Connie L. Winik, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 8, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with An-thony J. Aceto and ending with Regis C. Zozo, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 18, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Mi-chael A. Basso-Williams and ending with Irshad A. Shakir, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 25, 2018. Air Force nomination of Vikhyat S. Bebarta, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Mary F. Stuever and ending with Lavanya Viswanathan, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 25, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Kathleen E. Aalderink and ending with Isa-iah S. Zyduck, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 28, 2018. Air Force nomination of Nisha R. Baur, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Jay T. Flottmann, to be Colonel. Air Force nomination of Christopher P. Wherthey, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Issa M. Alvarez, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Nathaniel P. Lisenbee, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Sean P. Malanowski, to be Major. Air Force nominations beginning with James W. Barnes and ending with Bradley A. Wisler, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 9, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Adam D. Aasen and ending with George E. Quint, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 9, 2018. Army nomination of Alexis N. Mendozadejesus, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Samuel B. Albahari and ending with Riccardo C. Paggett, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 20, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.016 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5267 July 24, 2018 
Army nominations beginning with Johnmark R. Ardiente and ending with Na-than A. Gunter, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 20, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Ryan J. Berglin and ending with James A. Nardelli, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 20, 2018. Army nominations beginning with David L. Burrier and ending with William T. Cigich, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 20, 2018. Army nomination of Joshua V. Arndt, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Chris-topher Z. Farrington and ending with Mi-chael P. Thomas, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 20, 2018. Army nomination of Roderick W. Sumpter, to be Major. Army nomination of Daniel Torres, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Michael P. Antecki, Jr. and ending with D014175, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 20, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Lisa M. Abel and ending with D014651, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on June 20, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Drew Q. Abell and ending with G010393, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on June 20, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Eli S. Adams and ending with D014147, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on June 20, 2018. Army nomination of Rochell A. Maier, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Robert C. Soper, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Vincente G. Alcivar and ending with Edward W. Wright, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 25, 2018. Army nomination of Benjamin E. Solomon, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with William J. Nels and ending with Kellie A. Whittlinger, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 28, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Vendeck M. Davis and ending with Ryan G. Lavoie, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 28, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Harry A. Hornbuckle and ending with Michael J. Kimball, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 28, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Mat-thew W. Allen and ending with Francis E. Sanford, Jr., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 9, 2018. Army nomination of Brian C. Morgan, to be Major. Navy nomination of Travis A. Montplaisir, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Ariana P. Bensusan, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Bruce S. Kimbrell, Jr., to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Samantha C. Dugan, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Brian L. Lees, to be Lieutenant Commander. By Ms. MURKOWSKI for the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Teri L. Donaldson, of Texas, to be Inspec-tor General of the Department of Energy. *Christopher Fall, of Virginia, to be Direc-tor of the Office of Science, Department of Energy. *Karen S. Evans, of West Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Cybersecu-rity, Energy Security and Emergency Re-sponse). *Daniel Simmons, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Energy (Energy Effi-ciency and Renewable Energy). 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 3256. A bill to support businesses in Puerto Rico, extend child tax credits for families in Puerto Rico, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. D
ON-
NELLY , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. 3257. A bill to impose sanctions on for-eign persons responsible for serious viola-tions of international law regarding the pro-tection of civilians during armed conflict, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. HEITKAMP: S. 3258. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 1974 to provide adjustment assistance to farmers adversely affected by reduced ex-ports resulting from tariffs imposed as retal-iation for United States tariff increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. F LAKE , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. R
ISCH, and Mr. H ELLER ): S. 3259. A bill to increase the number of judgeships for the United States Court of Ap-peals for the Ninth Circuit and certain dis-trict courts of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. H
AS-
SAN, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 3260. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to include individuals re-ceiving Social Security Disability Insurance benefits under the work opportunity credit, increase the work opportunity credit for vo-cational rehabilitation referrals, qualified SSI recipients, and qualified SSDI recipi-ents, expand the disabled access credit, and enhance the deduction for expenditures to remove architectural and transportation barriers to the handicapped and elderly; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. 3261. A bill to establish the Office of Dis-ability Policy in the legislative branch; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MERKLEY: S. Res. 588. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the need for transparency regarding meetings between President Donald J. Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. B
ENNET , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. Res. 589. A resolution designating July 28, 2018, as ‘‘National Day of the American Cowboy’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. U DALL ): S. Res. 590. A resolution recognizing the 171st anniversary of the arrival of pioneers belonging to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints to the Great Salt Lake Valley in Utah, and the contributions of the Church and its members to the United States and the world; considered and agreed to. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. B OOZMAN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. D
ONNELLY , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ): S. Res. 591. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Purple Heart Recognition Day; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 515 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 515, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to maintain a publicly avail-able list of all employers that relocate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to require dis-closure of the physical location of busi-ness agents engaging in customer serv-ice communications, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 545 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 545, a bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organiza-tions, or to refrain from such activi-ties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.018 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5268 July 24, 2018 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Admin-istration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organi-zations against Israel and to direct the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 794 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 794, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to im-prove the process whereby Medicare ad-ministrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 811 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 811, a bill to ensure that organizations with religious or moral convictions are allowed to continue to provide services for children. 
S. 821 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 821, a bill to promote access for United States officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes. 
S. 1023 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1023, a bill to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, and for other purposes. 
S. 1087 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1087, a bill to ensure America’s law enforcement officers have access to lifesaving equipment needed to defend themselves and civil-ians from attacks by terrorists and vio-lent criminals. 
S. 1299 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1299, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-duce the occurrence of diabetes in Medicare beneficiaries by extending coverage under Medicare for medical nutrition therapy services to such beneficiaries with pre-diabetes or with risk factors for developing type 2 dia-betes. 
S. 1353 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1353, a bill to require States to auto-matically register eligible voters to vote in elections for Federal offices, and for other purposes. S. 1437 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1437, a bill to modernize voter reg-istration, promote access to voting for individuals with disabilities, protect the ability of individuals to exercise the right to vote in elections for Fed-eral office, and for other purposes. 
S. 1580 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1580, a bill to enhance the transparency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to pri-mary and secondary education for dis-placed children and persons, including women and girls, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1989, a bill to enhance transparency and accountability for online political advertisements by requiring those who purchase and publish such ads to dis-close information about the advertise-ments to the public, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collec-tively, to the crew of the USS Indian-apolis, in recognition of their persever-ance, bravery, and service to the United States. 
S. 2463 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2463, a bill to establish the United States International Develop-ment Finance Corporation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2554 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2554, a bill to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain infor-mation to enrollees. S. 2578 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2578, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Commerce to provide advanced no-tice to Congress before changing any questions on the decennial census, and for other purposes. 
S. 2780 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2780, a bill to require a determina-tion on designation of the Russian Fed-eration as a state sponsor of terrorism. 
S. 2796 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cosponsors of S. 2796, a bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use the authority of the Secretary to conduct and support research on the ef-ficacy and safety of medicinal can-nabis, and for other purposes. 
S. 2945 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2945, a bill to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a housing choice voucher mobility demonstration to encourage families receiving the voucher assistance to move to lower- poverty areas and expand access to op-portunity areas. 
S. 3116 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3116, a bill to establish an Election Security grant program. 
S. 3250 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3250, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow for a credit against tax for rent paid on the personal residence of the taxpayer. 
S. RES. 220 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 220, a resolution expressing soli-darity with Falun Gong practitioners who have lost lives, freedoms, and rights for adhering to their beliefs and practices and condemning the practice of non-consenting organ harvesting, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 525 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Wyo-ming (Mr. E
NZI) were added as cospon-sors of S. Res. 525, a resolution desig-nating September 2018 as National De-mocracy Month as a time to reflect on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.020 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5269 July 24, 2018 
the contributions of the system of gov-ernment of the United States to a more free and stable world. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3402 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3402 intended to be proposed to H. R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, envi-ronment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3405 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3405 proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, envi-ronment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 588—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE NEED FOR TRANSPARENCY REGARD-ING MEETINGS BETWEEN PRESI-DENT DONALD J. TRUMP AND RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN Mr. MERKLEY submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 588 Whereas it is the unanimous conclusion of the United States intelligence community that the Government of the Russian Federa-tion interfered in the 2016 Presidential elec-tion, at the direction of Russian President Vladimir Putin, to advance the candidacy of then-candidate Donald J. Trump; Whereas President Trump has repeatedly cast doubt on intelligence community con-clusions regarding Russia’s attacks during the 2016 election and suggested at his Hel-sinki press conference, as he has in previous statements, that he believes President Putin’s denials despite evidence to the con-trary; Whereas President Trump and individuals associated with his 2016 presidential cam-paign remain subjects of an ongoing inves-tigation led by Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller III relating to Russia’s efforts to interfere in the 2016 United States presi-dential election, an investigation which has yielded 32 indictments and 5 guilty pleas to date; Whereas President Trump reportedly per-sonally requested that his meeting at the July 16, 2018, Helsinki Summit with Presi-dent Putin be one-on-one and excluded other United States officials; and Whereas, since the Helsinki Summit, President Trump and President Putin al-luded to oral agreements they made, the spe-cifics of which have not been made known publicly: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) President Trump should not meet with President Putin or any official of the Rus-sian Federation without another senior United States official present; and (2) the President, or a designee of the President, should within 7 days report to Congress, in the appropriate setting, on the substance of President Trump’s meeting with President Putin, including any agree-ments or commitments made on behalf of the United States. f SENATE RESOLUTION 589—DESIG-NATING JULY 28, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL DAY OF THE AMERICAN COWBOY’’ Mr. ENZI (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 589 Whereas pioneering men and women, rec-ognized as ‘‘cowboys’’, helped to establish the American West; Whereas the cowboy embodies honesty, in-tegrity, courage, compassion, respect, a strong work ethic, and patriotism; Whereas the cowboy spirit exemplifies strength of character, sound family values, and good common sense; Whereas the cowboy archetype transcends ethnicity, gender, geographic boundaries, and political affiliations; Whereas the cowboy, who lives off the land and works to protect and enhance the envi-ronment, is an excellent steward of the land and its creatures; Whereas cowboy traditions have been a part of American culture for generations; Whereas the cowboy continues to be an im-portant part of the economy through the work of many thousands of ranchers across the United States who contribute to the eco-nomic well-being of every State; Whereas millions of fans watch profes-sional and working ranch rodeo events annu-ally, making rodeo one of the most-watched sports in the United States; Whereas membership and participation in rodeo and other organizations that promote and encompass the livelihood of cowboys span every generation and transcend race and gender; Whereas the cowboy is a central figure in literature, film, and music and occupies a central place in the public imagination; Whereas the cowboy is an American icon; and Whereas the ongoing contributions made by cowboys and cowgirls to their commu-nities should be recognized and encouraged: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates July 28, 2018, as ‘‘National Day of the American Cowboy’’; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. SENATE RESOLUTION 590—RECOG-NIZING THE 171ST ANNIVERSARY OF THE ARRIVAL OF PIONEERS BELONGING TO THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTER-DAY SAINTS TO THE GREAT SALT LAKE VALLEY IN UTAH, AND THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE CHURCH AND ITS MEMBERS TO THE UNITED STATES AND THE WORLD Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. U DALL ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 590 Whereas in the years following the estab-lishment of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘LDS Church’’) in 1830, the early members of the LDS Church (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘Latter-day Saint pio-neers’’) experienced religious persecution manifested through physical assault, de-struction of their houses and businesses, theft of their property, exile from their homes, threats of violence and war, impris-onment, rape, and murder; Whereas the petitions of the LDS Church to the United States Government for assist-ance and redress were frequently unanswered and produced no relief; Whereas the leader and prophet of the LDS Church, Joseph Smith, and his brother, Hyrum, were shot and killed by an armed mob; Whereas in a letter addressed to the Presi-dent of the United States, James K. Polk, the new leader of the LDS Church, Brigham Young, wrote, ‘‘. . . [W]hile we appreciate the Constitution of the United States as the most precious among the nations, we feel that we had rather retreat to the deserts, is-lands or mountain caves than consent to be ruled by governors and judges . . . who de-light in injustice and oppression’’; Whereas in pursuit of liberty and religious freedom, the Latter-day Saint pioneers jour-neyed westward in the winter of 1846, and ul-timately travelled more than 1,300 miles of wilderness across vast prairies, barren deserts, jagged mountains, and turbulent riv-ers; Whereas the Latter-day Saint pioneers en-dured extreme weather conditions, illness, hunger, and exhaustion, resulting in the pio-neers losing young children, spouses, par-ents, and friends to exposure, disease, and starvation; Whereas upon entering the Great Salt Lake Valley in Utah on July 24, 1847, Brigham Young announced, ‘‘This is the right place,’’ foretelling how the valley would become home to many Latter-day Saints and their posterity; Whereas the Latter-day Saint pioneers worked together to plant crops, irrigate fields, and build homes and businesses, trans-forming the desert into a thriving commu-nity where they could live in safety and practice their religion without prejudice and abuse; Whereas on July 24, 1849, the Latter-day Saints first commemorated their arrival to their new home with a procession to Temple Square in Salt Lake City for a special devo-tional, followed by a feast of thanksgiving; Whereas ‘‘Pioneer Day’’ is a Utah State holiday celebrated on July 24th to remember and honor the early settlers with parades, flag ceremonies, re-enactments, devotionals, sporting events, feasts, dances, concerts, fes-tivals, rodeos, and fireworks; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.021 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5270 July 24, 2018 
Whereas the Latter-day Saint pioneers helped shape the settlement of the West by constructing bridges, building ferries, clear-ing trails, establishing communities, plant-ing crops, expanding trade posts, erecting trail markers, and charting maps, all of which assisted thousands of settlers west-ward; Whereas the Latter-day Saint pioneers ex-emplified what can be achieved when indus-trious and resilient people work diligently and join together as communities to build a stronger and brighter future; and Whereas the bravery, determination, and ingenuity that the Latter-day Saint pioneers demonstrated inspires citizens of the United States and people across the world to tri-umph over adversity, to continuously strive toward progress and innovation, and to press forward with unconquerable faith and un-daunted hope: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes ‘‘Pioneer Day’’, on the 171st anniversary of the arrival of the early mem-bers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints (referred to in this resolving clause as ‘‘Latter-day Saint pioneers’’) to the Great Salt Lake Valley in Utah; (2) acknowledges the many sacrifices of the Latter-day Saint pioneers in their pursuit of liberty and religious freedom; and (3) commends the Latter-day Saint pio-neers and their descendants for their signifi-cant contributions in facilitating the settle-ment of the West, and providing an example of courage, industry, and faith that inspires people throughout the world. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 591—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL PURPLE HEART RECOGNITION DAY Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. H YDE- S
MITH, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 591 Whereas, on August 7, 1782, during the Rev-olutionary War, General George Washington established what is now known as the Purple Heart Medal when he issued an order estab-lishing the Badge of Military Merit; Whereas the Badge of Military Merit was designed in the shape of a heart in purple cloth or silk; Whereas, while the award of the Badge of Military Merit ceased with the end of the Revolutionary War, the Purple Heart Medal was authorized in 1932 as the official suc-cessor decoration to the Badge of Military Merit; Whereas the Purple Heart Medal is the old-est United States military decoration in present use; Whereas the Purple Heart Medal is award-ed in the name of the President of the United States to recognize members of the Armed Forces who are killed or wounded in action against an enemy of the United States or are killed or wounded while held as prisoners of war; Whereas the Purple Heart Medal has been awarded to an estimated 1,800,000 recipients; and Whereas August 7, 2018, is an appropriate day to celebrate as National Purple Heart Recognition Day: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Purple Heart Recognition Day; and (2) encourages all people of the United States— (A) to learn about the history of the Purple Heart Medal; (B) to honor recipients of the Purple Heart Medal; and (C) to conduct appropriate ceremonies, ac-tivities, and programs to demonstrate sup-port for people who have been awarded the Purple Heart Medal. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise to speak on my resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Purple Heart Recognition Day. I am pleased to have been joined in sponsoring this res-olution by the senior senator from West Virginia, Senator M
ANCHIN , and 22 of our Senate colleagues. The Purple Heart’s history goes as far back as the founding of our Nation. General George Washington established what is now known as the Purple Heart Medal when he issued an order estab-lishing the Military Badge of Merit on August 7, 1782. General Washington wished for the award to be used to rec-ognize meritorious action performed by members of the Continental Army, and it took the form of a purple heart. The Military Badge of Merit was dis-continued after the Revolution and was not revived until 1932, when the Purple Heart medal was authorized as its offi-cial successor decoration. On February 22, 1932, the 200th Anniversary of the birth of George Washington, then- Army Chief of Staff General Douglas MacArthur resurrected the award, and it was re-designated as the Purple Heart. Quite appropriately, this rees-tablished Purple Heart Medal exhibits the bust and profile of George Wash-ington. It is around this time that the Purple Heart became synonymous with those unfortunate heroes who were killed or wounded in combat. Since 1932, the U.S. Military has awarded more than 1.8 million Purple Hearts. Just as the Purple Heart Medal has held a special meaning to its millions of recipients and their families, it also has special significance to me and my family. My father, who died earlier this year, was a proud World War II veteran who was wounded twice during the Bat-tle of the Bulge. He earned two Purple Hearts and the Bronze Star, and it was from him that I first learned to honor and respect our veterans. Mr. President, the Purple Heart is a reminder that freedom is a gift pur-chased at the greatest possible price, and it is for that reason that I am sponsoring this resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Purple Heart Recognition Day. I believe it is vitally important for all Americans to learn the history of this important military award, and to understand and honor the sacrifices of the many men and women in uniform who have earned the Purple Heart. I am grateful to all of my colleagues who have joined me in supporting this important resolution. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED SA 3409. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. Y OUNG ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environ-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3410. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3411. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3412. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3413. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3414. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3415. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3416. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3417. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3418. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3419. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3420. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3421. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3422. Ms. COLLINS (for Mr. D
URBIN (for himself and Mr. W
ICKER )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra. SA 3423. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3424. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. B
URR, Mr. B ENNET , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.024 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5271 July 24, 2018 
SA 3425. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3426. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3427. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3428. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3429. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3430. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for Mr. K
EN-
NEDY (for himself and Mr. C ASSIDY )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra. SA 3431. Mr. ENZI submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3432. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3433. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3434. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3435. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3436. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3437. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3438. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3439. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3440. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3441. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, Mrs. F ISCHER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. S MITH, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. E NZI, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3442. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. SHELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3443. Ms. SMITH (for herself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3444. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3445. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3446. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3447. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3448. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3449. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3450. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3451. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3452. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3453. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3454. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3455. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3456. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3457. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3458. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. R EED, Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. K ING, and Ms. C OLLINS ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3459. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. C
ARPER , and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3460. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. SANDERS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3461. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3462. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3463. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3464. Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. C OONS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. R
EED, Mr. C ARPER , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3465. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3466. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3467. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3468. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3469. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. R EED, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3470. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. R EED, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3471. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3472. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3473. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3474. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3475. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3476. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.027 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5272 July 24, 2018 
amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3477. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3478. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3479. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3480. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3481. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3482. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3483. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3484. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3485. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3486. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3487. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3488. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3489. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3490. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3491. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3492. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3493. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3494. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3495. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. WARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3496. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3497. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , and Mr. B LUNT ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3498. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3499. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3500. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3501. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C
ASEY , Mrs. E RNST , and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3502. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. R OUNDS , Ms. S MITH, and Mr. N
ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3503. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M
ARKEY , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3504. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3505. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3506. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3507. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3508. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3509. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3510. Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3511. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. INHOFE , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3512. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3513. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3514. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3515. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3516. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3517. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3518. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3519. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3520. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3521. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3522. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3523. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3524. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3525. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3526. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3527. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. B OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3528. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.030 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5273 July 24, 2018 
to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3529. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3530. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3531. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3532. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3533. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3534. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3535. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3536. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3537. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3409. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. Y OUNG ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division D, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. Of the funds made available for the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment under the heading ‘‘
RESEARCH AND  
TECHNOLOGY ’’ under the heading ‘‘P OLICY DE-
VELOPMENT AND RESEARCH ’’, $1,000,000 shall be available to provide technical assistance for temporary and permanent housing assist-ance to communities impacted by a major disaster declaration under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) resulting from flooding, an earthquake, or a volcanic event in 2018. 
SA 3410. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in division D, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. In carrying out a land manage-ment activity on Federal land under the ju-risdiction of the Secretary of Agriculture, including maintenance and restoration in re-sponse to degradation caused by human ac-tivity or natural events (such as fire, flood, or infestation), to the extent practicable, the Secretary of Agriculture shall give pref-erence to the use of locally adapted native plant materials. 
SA 3411. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV of division A, add the following: 
USE OF LOCALLY ADAPTED NATIVE PLANT MATE -
RIALS IN LAND MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES ON  
FEDERAL LAND  S
EC. 43ll. To complement the implemen-tation by the Bureau of Land Management of a National Seed Strategy to improve seed supplies for restoring healthy and productive native plant communities, the Secretary of the Interior shall give preference, to the maximum extent practicable, to the use of locally adapted native plant materials in carrying out a land management activity on Federal land, including maintenance and res-toration activities carried out in response to degradation caused by human activity or natural events, such as fire, flood, or infesta-tion. 
SA 3412. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 17, line 4, strike ‘‘$88,910,000’’ and insert ‘‘$91,910,000’’. On page 17, line 14, strike ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$8,000,000’’. On page 40, line 7, strike ‘‘$134,673,000’’ and insert ‘‘$137,673,000’’. 
SA 3413. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. H
EINRICH , and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 464, line 24, strike ‘‘regulation.’’ and insert the following: ‘‘regulation: Pro- vided further, That not less than $50,000,000 of the amount provided under this heading shall be available for capital expenses re-lated to safety improvements, maintenance, and the non-Federal match for discretionary Federal grant programs to enable continued passenger rail operations on long-distance routes (as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code) on which Amtrak is the sole tenant of the host railroad and positive train control systems are not required by law (including regulations): Provided further, That prior to altering or canceling Amtrak rail service on the National Network (as de-fined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code), Amtrak shall thoroughly con-sult with affected communities with the goal of maintaining rail connectivity and service as intended by Congress, including offering opportunities for public input through a no-tice and comment process.’’. SA 3414. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. H
EINRICH , and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. 1ll. It is the sense of Congress that— (1) long-distance passenger rail routes pro-vide much-needed transportation access for 4,700,000,000 riders in 325 communities in 40 States and are particularly important in rural areas; and (2) long-distance passenger rail routes and services should be sustained to ensure connectivity throughout the National Net-work (as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code). 
SA 3415. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 84, lines 17 and 18, strike ‘‘and con-ducting an international program as author-ized, $333,990,000’’ and insert ‘‘$324,990,000’’. On page 93, strike lines 7 through 23. 
SA 3416. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. It is the sense of the Senate that the Administrator of the Small Business Ad-ministration should increase the loan limit for the Community Advantage Pilot Pro-gram of the Small Business Administration, which helps to provide loans under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)) to underserved markets, from $250,000 to $350,000. 
SA 3417. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.032 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5274 July 24, 2018 
amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 531, strike ‘‘10’’ and insert ‘‘15’’. 
SA 3418. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. The Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall— (1) work with Federal agencies to ensure that each Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization achieves compliance with the requirements under section 15(k) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(k)); and (2) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act— (A) submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on Federal agen-cy compliance with the requirements under such section 15(k); and (B) issue detailed guidance for the peer re-view process of the Small Business Procure-ment Advisory Council in order to facilitate a more in depth review of Federal agency compliance with the requirements under such section 15(k). 
SA 3419. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. (a) In this section, the terms ‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘small entity’’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 211 of the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (5 U.S.C. 601 note). (b) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report assessing the quality of agency compliance with sections 212 and 213 of the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (5 U.S.C. 601 note), which shall include— (1) the extent to which agencies comply with each of the requirements under such section 212; (2) the extent to which agencies comply with each of the requirements under such section 213, including a summary of the scope of compliance programs of agencies to assist small entities, the number of small en-tities using each such program, and the achievements of each such program in assist-ing small entity compliance with agency regulations; and (3) recommendations for best practices for agencies to address small business regu-latory concerns and improve customer serv-ice. SA 3420. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SIZE STANDARDS FOR SMALL BUSI-NESS CONCERNS. 
(a) C ALCULATION ON THE BASIS OF ANNUAL  A
VERAGE GROSS RECEIPTS .—Section 3(a)(2)(C)(ii)(II) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)(C)(ii)(II)) is amended by striking ‘‘over a period of not less than 3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘, which shall be cal-culated by using the 3 lowest annual average gross receipts of the business concern during the preceding 5-year period’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration shall promulgate regu-lations as necessary to implement the amendment made by subsection (a). 
SA 3421. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Finan-cial Crimes Enforcement Network and the appropriate divisions of the Department of the Treasury shall submit to Congress a re-port on any Geographic Targeting Orders issued since 2016, including— (1) the type of data collected; (2) how the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network uses the data; (3) whether the Financial Crimes Enforce-ment Network needs more authority to com-bat money laundering through high-end real estate; and (4) how a record of beneficial ownership would improve and assist law enforcement efforts to investigate and prosecute criminal activity and prevent the use of shell compa-nies to facilitate money laundering, tax eva-sion, terrorism financing, election fraud, and other illegal activity. 
SA 3422. Ms. COLLINS (for Mr. D UR-
BIN(for himself and Mr. W ICKER )) pro-posed an amendment to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, envi-ronment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
In the matter under the heading ‘‘ SALARIES  
AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘O FFICE  
OFINSPECTOR GENERAL ’’ under the heading ‘‘N
ATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORA -
TION’’ in title III of division D, in the fourth proviso, strike ‘‘Government.’’ and insert the following: ‘‘Government: Provided further, That not later than 240 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General shall update the report entitled ‘Effects of Amtrak’s Poor On-Time Performance’, num-bered CR-2008-047, and dated March 28, 2008, and make the updated report publicly avail-able.’’. SA 3423. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV of division A, add the following: 
EXPANSION OF CERTAIN AUTHORITIES OF THE  
HEALTHY FORESTS RESTORATION ACT OF 2003  
TO FIRE REGIME IV AND FIRE REGIME V  S
EC. 43ll. (a) Section 101 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (11) through (16) as paragraphs (13) through (18), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (10) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(11) F
IRE REGIME IV .—The term ‘fire re-gime IV’ means an area— ‘‘(A) in which historically there are stand replacement severity fires with a frequency of 35 through 100 years; and ‘‘(B) that may be located in any vegetation type. ‘‘(12) F
IRE REGIME V .—The term ‘fire re-gime V’ means an area— ‘‘(A) in which historically there are stand replacement severity fires with a frequency of 200 years; and ‘‘(B) that may be located in any vegetation type.’’. (b) Section 102(a)(3) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6512(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘or fire regime III’’ and inserting ‘‘fire regime III, fire regime IV, or fire regime V’’. (c) Section 603(c) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(c)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) L
OCATION .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph, the terms ‘condition class 2’, ‘condition class 3’, ‘fire regime I’, ‘fire regime II’, ‘fire regime III’, ‘fire regime IV’, ‘fire regime V’, and ‘wildland-urban interface’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101. ‘‘(B) L
OCATION .—A project under this sec-tion shall be— ‘‘(i) limited to areas in the wildland-urban interface; or ‘‘(ii) for projects located outside the wildland-urban interface, limited to areas within condition class 2 or condition class 3 in fire regime I, fire regime II, fire regime III, fire regime IV, or fire regime V.’’. (d) Section 605 of the Healthy Forests Res-toration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Hazardous fuels reduction projects, as defined in the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘Authorized hazardous fuel re-duction projects (as defined in section 101)’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and sec-tions 104 and 105’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘subject to section 106,’’ before ‘‘considered’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘to the extent’’ and all that follows through ‘‘disease,’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.038 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5275 July 24, 2018 
(3) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Prioritized’’ and inserting ‘‘prioritized’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘If lo-cated outside the wildland-urban interface, limited to areas within Condition Classes 2 or 3 in Fire Regime Groups I, II, or III’’ and inserting ‘‘if located outside the wildland- urban interface, limited to areas within con-dition class 2 or condition class 3 in fire re-gime I, fire regime II, fire regime III, fire re-gime IV, or fire regime V (as those terms are defined in section 101)’’; and (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Lim-ited’’ and inserting ‘‘limited’’. 
SA 3424. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. B
URR, Mr. B ENNET , and Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: 
PERMANENT REAUTHORIZATION OF LAND AND  
WATER CONSERVATION FUND  S
EC. 1ll. (a) Section 200302 of title 54, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘During the period ending September 30, 2018, there’’ and inserting ‘‘There’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘through September 30, 2018’’. (b) Section 200306 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—Not less than 1.5 per-cent of amounts made available for expendi-ture in any fiscal year under section 200303, or $10,000,000, whichever is greater, shall be used for projects that secure recreational public access to existing Federal public land for hunting, fishing, and other recreational purposes.’’. 
SA 3425. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV of division A, add the following: 
ESTABLISHMENT OF SKI AREA FEE RETENTION  
ACCOUNT  S
EC. 43lll. (a) Section 701 of division I of the Omnibus Parks and Public Lands Man-agement Act of 1996 (16 U.S.C. 497c) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) S
KIAREAFEERETENTION ACCOUNT .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
CCOUNT .—The term ‘Account’ means the Ski Area Fee Retention Account estab-lished under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) C
OVERED UNIT .—The term ‘covered unit’ means a National Forest which collects a rental charge under this section. ‘‘(C) R
EGION .—The term ‘Region’ means a Forest Service Region. ‘‘(D) R
ENTAL CHARGE .—The term ‘rental charge’ means a permit rental charge that is charged under subsection (a). ‘‘(E) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall establish in the Treasury a special account, to be known as the ‘Ski Area Fee Retention Account’, into which there shall be deposited— ‘‘(A) in the case of a covered unit at which not less than $15,000,000 is collected by the covered unit from rental charges in a fiscal year, an amount equal to 50 percent of the rental charges collected at the covered unit in the fiscal year; or ‘‘(B) in the case of any other covered unit, an amount equal to 65 percent of the rental charges collected at the covered unit in a fis-cal year. ‘‘(3) AVAILABILITY .—Subject to paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), any amounts deposited in the Account under paragraph (2) shall remain available for expenditure, without further appropriation, until expended. ‘‘(4) L
OCAL DISTRIBUTION OF AMOUNTS IN THE  
ACCOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), 100 percent of the amounts deposited in the Account from a specific cov-ered unit shall remain available for expendi-ture at the covered unit at which the rental charges were collected. ‘‘(B) R
EDUCTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the Secretary may reduce the percentage of amounts available to a covered unit under subparagraph (A) if the Secretary determines that the rental charges collected at the cov-ered unit exceed the reasonable needs of the covered unit for that fiscal year for author-ized expenditures described in paragraph (5)(A). ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not reduce the percentage of amounts available under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) in the case of a covered unit described in paragraph (2)(A), to less than 35 percent of the amount of rental charges deposited in the Account from the covered unit in a fiscal year; or ‘‘(II) in the case of any other covered unit, to less than 50 percent of the amount of rent-al charges deposited in the Account from the covered unit in a fiscal year. ‘‘(C) T
RANSFER TO OTHER COVERED UNITS .— ‘‘(i) D
ISTRIBUTION .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the percentage of amounts other-wise available to a covered unit under sub-paragraph (A) should be reduced under sub-paragraph (B), the Secretary may transfer to other covered units, for allocation in accord-ance with clause (ii), the percentage of the amounts withheld from the covered unit under subparagraph (B), to be expended by the other covered units in accordance with paragraph (5). ‘‘(ii) C
RITERIA .—In determining the alloca-tion of amounts to be transferred under clause (i) among other covered units, the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(I) the number of proposals for ski area improvements in the other covered units; ‘‘(II) any backlog in ski area permit ad-ministration or the processing of ski area proposals in the other covered units; and ‘‘(III) any need for services, training, staff-ing, or streamlining programs in the other covered units or the Region in which they are located that would improve the adminis-tration of the Forest Service Ski Area Pro-gram. ‘‘(5) A
UTHORIZED EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts distributed from the Account to a covered unit under this subsection may be used for— ‘‘(i) ski area special use permit administra-tion and processing of proposals for ski area improvement projects in the covered unit, including staffing and contracting for such administration, process, or services through the unit or the Region; ‘‘(ii) any expenses that the Forest Service would have otherwise applied to ski area per-mittees through cost recovery pursuant to part 251 of title 36, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or successor regulations); ‘‘(iii) training programs on processing ski area applications, administering ski area permits, or ski area process streamlining in the covered unit or the Region in which the unit is located; and ‘‘(iv) interpretation activities, visitor in-formation, visitor services, and signage in the covered unit to enhance— ‘‘(I) the ski area visitor experience on Na-tional Forest System land; and ‘‘(II) avalanche information and education activities carried out by the Forest Service. ‘‘(B) OTHER USES .—If any amounts are still available in the Account after all ski area permit-related expenditures under subpara-graph (A) are made, including amounts transferred to other covered units pursuant to paragraph (4)(C), such remaining amounts in the Account may be applied to permit ad-ministration for other (non-ski area) Forest Service recreation special use permits at the discretion of the Secretary. The Secretary shall first determine that all ski area-related permit administration, processing and inter-pretation needs have been met in all covered units and Regions before applying any re-maining amounts in the Account to non-ski area uses. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—Amounts in the Account may not be used for— ‘‘(i) the conduct of wildfire suppression or preparedness activities; ‘‘(ii) the conduct of biological monitoring on National Forest System land under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) for listed species or candidate species, except as required by law for envi-ronmental review of ski area projects; ‘‘(iii) the acquisition of land for inclusion in the National Forest System; or ‘‘(iv) Forest Service administrative sites. ‘‘(6) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this sub-section affects the applicability of section 7 of the Act of April 24, 1950 (commonly known as the ‘Granger-Thye Act’) (16 U.S.C. 580d), to ski areas on National Forest System land. ‘‘(B) R
EVENUE ALLOCATION PAYMENTS .— Rental charges deposited in the Account under paragraph (2) shall be considered to be amounts received from the National Forest System for purposes of calculating amounts to be paid under— ‘‘(i) the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.); ‘‘(ii) the sixth paragraph under the heading ‘forest service’ in the Act of May 23, 1908 (35 Stat. 260; 16 U.S.C. 500); ‘‘(iii) section 13 of the Act of March 1, 1911 (36 Stat. 963; 16 U.S.C. 500); and ‘‘(iv) chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(C) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDING .—Rental charges retained and expended under this subsection shall supplement (and not sup-plant) appropriated funding for the operation and maintenance of each covered unit.’’. (b) This section (including the amend-ments made by this section) shall take effect on the date that is 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) The Secretary of Agriculture shall not be required to issue regulations or policy guidance to implement this section (includ-ing the amendments made by this section). 
SA 3426. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.045 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5276 July 24, 2018 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under this title may be used to provide hous-ing assistance benefits for an individual who is convicted of— (1) aggravated sexual abuse under section 2241 of title 18, United States Code; (2) murder under section 1111 of title 18, United States Code; or (3) any other Federal or State offense in-volving— (A) severe forms of trafficking in persons or sex trafficking, as those terms are defined in paragraphs (9) and (10), respectively, of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); or (B) child pornography, as defined in section 2256 of title 18, United States Code. 
SA 3427. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion D, insert the following: 
SEC. 1lll. ELECTRIC VEHICLE WEIGHT LIMITA-TION. 
Section 127 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(v) E
LECTRIC VEHICLES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a vehicle propelled exclusively by means of electric battery power may ex-ceed any vehicle weight limit under this sec-tion by an amount that is equal to the dif-ference between— ‘‘(A) the weight of the electric batteries and wiring system of the vehicle; and ‘‘(B) the weight of a comparable diesel tank and fueling system. ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM WEIGHT .—A vehicle propelled exclusively by means of electric battery power may exceed any vehicle weight limit under this section up to a maximum gross vehicle weight of 82,000 pounds.’’. 
SA 3428. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion ll, insert the following: S
EC. 1ll. Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations and Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on efforts by the Department of Transportation to en-gage with local communities, metropolitan planning organizations, and regional trans-portation commissions on advancing data and intelligent transportation systems tech-nologies and other smart cities solutions. 
SA 3429. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 436, line 22, strike the period and insert ‘‘: Provided further, That in distrib-uting funds made available for grants under section 117 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary shall take into consideration the needs of projects of regional or national significance.’’. 
SA 3430. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 370, line 20, insert ‘‘, of which no less than $15,000,000 shall be used for inspec-tions of foreign seafood manufacturers and field examinations of imported seafood’’ after ‘‘Affairs’’. 
SA 3431. Mr. ENZI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division D, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, in consultation with the head of each Federal agency that admin-isters a Federal housing assistance program, shall conduct an interdepartmental review of each Federal housing assistance program in order to— (1) develop a plan for the elimination of programmatic fragmentation, duplication, and overlap among Federal housing assist-ance programs, as identified by those Fed-eral agencies in consultation with the Gov-ernment Accountability Office; and (2) make recommendations to Congress for streamlining Federal housing assistance pro-grams for efficiency to increase the quality of services provided to people in the United States who are the most in need of assist-ance. (b) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, in con-sultation with the head of each Federal agency that administers a Federal housing assistance program, shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives a detailed report that outlines the efficiencies that can be achieved by, and specific recommendations for, eliminating overlap, duplication, and fragmentation among Federal housing assistance programs. 
SA 3432. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VII of di-vision C, insert the following: S
EC. 7ll. (a) The Secretary of Agriculture shall conduct an inventory and evaluation of certain land, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Flatside Wilderness Adjacent Inventory Areas’’ and dated November 30, 2017, to determine the suitability of that land for inclusion in the National Wilderness Preservation System. (b) The inventory and evaluation required under subsection (a) shall be completed not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 3433. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to revoke an exception made— (1) pursuant to the final rule of the Depart-ment of Agriculture entitled ‘‘Exceptions to Geographic Areas for Official Agencies Under the USGSA’’ (68 Fed. Reg. 19137 (April 18, 2003)); and (2) on a date before April 14, 2017. 
SA 3434. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. AIR TRAFFIC SERVICES AT AVIATION EVENTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE SERVICES AND  R
ELATED SUPPORT .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall provide air traffic services and aviation safe-ty support for aviation events, including airshows and fly-ins, without the imposition or collection of any fee, tax, or other charge for that purpose. Amounts for the provision of such services and support shall be derived from amounts appropriated or otherwise available for the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF SERVICES AND SUP-
PORT TO BEPROVIDED .—In determining the services and support to be provided for an aviation event for purposes of subsection (a), the Administrator shall take into account the following: (1) The services and support required to meet levels of activity at prior events, if any, similar to the event. (2) The anticipated need for services and support at the event. 
SA 3435. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.045 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5277 July 24, 2018 
amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title IV of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. 4ll. (a) This subsection and the final rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removal of the Gray Wolf in Wyoming From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Re-moval of the Wyoming Wolf Population’s Status as an Experimental Population’’ (77 Fed. Reg. 55530 (September 10, 2012)) that was reinstated on March 3, 2017, by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (No. 14-5300) and repub-lished in the final rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Rein-statement of Removal of Federal Protections for Gray Wolves in Wyoming’’ (82 Fed. Reg. 20284 (May 1, 2017)), that reinstates the re-moval of Federal protections under the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) of the gray wolf in the State of Wyo-ming, shall not be subject to judicial review. (b)(1) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act and notwith-standing any other provision of law that ap-plies to the issuance of a rule, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule en-titled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Revising the Listing of the Gray Wolf (Canis lupus) in the Western Great Lakes’’ (76 Fed. Reg. 81666 (December 28, 2011)). (2) This subsection and the rule reissued under paragraph (1) shall not be subject to judicial review. 
SA 3436. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON NEXTGEN IMPLEMENTA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a re-port on the implementation of NextGen at commercial service airports in the United States. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) The number and percentage of commer-cial service airports in the United States that have fully implemented NextGen. (2) The percentage completion of NextGen implementation at each commercial service airport in the United States. (c) D
EVELOPMENT OF STANDARD TO DETER -
MINE PERCENTAGE IMPLEMENTATION OF  N
EXTGEN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall develop a standard for determining under subsection (b)(2) the percentage completion of NextGen implementation at commercial service airports in the United States based on factors that may include an accounting of efficiency benefits achieved, the degree of NextGen technology and infrastructure in-stalled, and the extent of controller training on NextGen. (2) I
NCLUSION IN REPORT .—The Adminis-trator shall include in the report submitted under subsection (a) the standard developed under paragraph (1). (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration. (2) N
EXTGEN .—The term ‘‘NextGen’’ means the Next Generation Air Transportation Sys-tem. 
SA 3437. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 315, line 13, insert ‘‘of which not less than $2,000,000 shall be available to carry out the dryland agriculture research pro-gram;’’ before ‘‘and of which’’. 
SA 3438. Mr. RISCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 531. 
SA 3439. Mr. RISCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. (a) Section 7(a)(29) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(29)) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (2) by striking ‘‘With respect to’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to’’; (3) in clause (i), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘for more than $250,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, if such loan is in an amount greater than the Federal banking regulator appraisal threshold’’; (4) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘for $250,000 or less’’ and inserting ‘‘, if such loan is in an amount equal to or less than the Federal banking regulator ap-praisal threshold’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL BANKING REGULATOR AP -
PRAISAL THRESHOLD DEFINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘Federal banking regulator appraisal threshold’ means the lesser of the threshold amounts set by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion for when a federally related transaction that is a commercial real estate transaction requires an appraisal prepared by a State li-censed or certified appraiser.’’. (b) Section 502(3)(E)(ii) of the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(3)(E)(ii)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as items (aa) and (bb), respectively, and ad-justing the margins accordingly; (2) by striking ‘‘With respect to’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—With respect to’’; (3) in item (aa), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘is more than $250,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘is more than the Federal banking regu-lator appraisal threshold’’; (4) in item (bb), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘is $250,000 or less’’ and inserting ‘‘is equal to or less than the Federal banking regulator appraisal threshold’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) F
EDERAL BANKING REGULATOR AP -
PRAISAL THRESHOLD DEFINED .—For purposes of this clause, the term ‘Federal banking regulator appraisal threshold’ means the lesser of the threshold amounts set by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion for when a federally related transaction that is a commercial real estate transaction requires an appraisal prepared by a State li-censed or certified appraiser.’’. 
SA 3440. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to support the development of insect-based foods for human consumption, including cricket farming and taste-testing of insect-based foods. 
SA 3441. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. D AINES , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. E NZI, and Mr. R OUNDS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 455, between lines 18 and 19, insert the following: S
EC. 13l. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Secretary of Transportation by this Act or any other Act for fiscal year 2019 or any fiscal year thereafter may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce sections 31136 and 31502 of title 49, United States Code, or regulations prescribed under those sections, regarding maximum driving and on-duty time for driv-ers used by motor carriers to transport agri-cultural commodities or farm supplies for agricultural purposes (as those terms are de-fined in section 229(e) of the Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31136 note)) from the sources and to the loca-tions described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 229(a)(1) of the Motor Car-rier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31136 note) at any time of the year or, for drivers used by motor carriers to trans-port agricultural commodities, within 150 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.040 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5278 July 24, 2018 
air-miles of the destination of such commod-ities until— (1) the Secretary of Transportation has promulgated a regulation to extend the hours of service exemption for drivers trans-porting agricultural commodities or farm supplies for agricultural purposes from the planting and harvesting periods (as deter-mined by each State) to a year-round exemp-tion; and (2) the Secretary of Transportation has promulgated a regulation to extend the hours of service exemption for drivers trans-porting agricultural commodities to such transportation within a 150 air-mile radius from the destination of the agricultural com-modities. 
SA 3442. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the matter under the heading ‘‘ CHILD NU -
TRITION PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF  
FUNDS) ’’ under the heading ‘‘F OOD AND NUTRI-
TION SERVICE ’’ under the heading ‘‘DOMES-TIC FOOD PROGRAMS’’ in title IV of divi-sion C, strike ‘‘$23,184,012,000’’ and insert ‘‘$23,199,012,000’’. In the matter under the heading ‘‘
CHILD NU -
TRITION PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF  
FUNDS) ’’ under the heading ‘‘F OOD AND NUTRI-
TION SERVICE ’’ under the heading ‘‘DOMES-TIC FOOD PROGRAMS’’ in title IV of divi-sion C, in the fourth proviso, strike ‘‘That section 26(d)’’ and insert ‘‘That $15,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 18(g) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769(g)): Provided fur-ther, That section 26(d)’’. At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: 
FARMERS ’ MARKET AND LOCAL FOOD PROMOTION  
PROGRAM  S
EC. ll. For necessary expenses to carry out the Farmers’ Market and Local Food Promotion Program as authorized by section 6 of the Farmer-to-Consumer Direct Mar-keting Act of 1976 (7 U.S.C. 3005), $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
SA 3443. Ms. SMITH (for herself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: S
EC. lll. (a) D EFINITIONS .—In this sec-tion: (1) P
RAIRIE ISLAND RESERVATION .—The term ‘‘Prairie Island Reservation’’ means the Prairie Island Indian Community Reserva-tion in Goodhue County, Minnesota. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) T
RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Prairie Island Indian Community, a federally recognized Indian tribe. (b) S
TUDY OF FEDERAL LANDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out an analysis to determine whether land within the Federal domain is suitable for ad-dition to the Prairie Island Reservation. (2) CONSIDERATIONS .—Land shall not be considered suitable for addition to the Prai-rie Island Reservation unless such land— (A) consists of contiguous acres of land suitable for housing and economic develop-ment; (B) is located within Minnesota and within 100 miles of the Prairie Island Reservation; (C) is not subject to compatible use or wildlife-dependent recreational use restric-tions pursuant to the National Wildlife Ref-uge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd et seq.); and (D) is not administered by the National Park Service. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress and the Tribe a report detailing the results of the analysis conducted pursuant to paragraph (1). 
SA 3444. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division D, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. Of the funds made available under this Act for the Self-Help Homeowner-ship Opportunity Program of the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, not less than $540,000 shall be made available for low-income and very low-income families affected by any State-mandated fire. 
SA 3445. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VII of di-vision C, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Section 19(a)(2)(B) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2028(a)(2)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR DISASTER  
RECOVERY EFFORTS IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF  
PUERTO RICO FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 .— ‘‘(I) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Due to the needs associated with disaster re-covery efforts in the Commonwealth of Puer-to Rico, in addition to amounts made avail-able under clause (i), there is authorized to be appropriated not more than $400,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 to make additional payments to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for the expenditures and expenses described in clause (i). ‘‘(II) A
PPROPRIATION IN ADVANCE .—Except as provided in subclause (III), only amounts appropriated under subclause (I) in advance specifically for the expenditures and ex-penses described in clause (i) shall be avail-able for payment to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for the expenditures and ex-penses described in that clause. ‘‘(III) O
THER FUNDS .—Funds appropriated under subclause (I) shall be in addition to funds made available under clause (i).’’. 
SA 3446. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: 
DIRECT PAYMENTS FOR DAIRY FARMERS  S
EC. lll. Subtitle D of title I of the Ag-ricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9051 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART IV—DIRECT PAYMENTS FOR DAIRY FARMERS 
‘‘SEC. 1441. DIRECT PAYMENTS FOR DAIRY FARM-ERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this part, the Secretary shall provide a 1-time payment to each eligible dairy farmer described in sub-section (b) in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive a payment under this section, a dairy farmer shall— ‘‘(1) be licensed by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) have had a production history during the 1-year period ending on the date of en-actment of this part. ‘‘(c) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of a pay-ment under this section shall be, as deter-mined by the report of the Economic Re-search Service entitled ‘Milk Cost of Produc-tion by Size of Operation Report’ and dated May 1, 2018, equal to the quotient obtained by dividing— ‘‘(A) the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(i) the quantity (in pounds) of the na-tional average milk production of a dairy cow; ‘‘(ii) the average number of cows per farm, as determined under paragraph (2); ‘‘(iii) the value of production less total costs, as determined under paragraph (3); and ‘‘(iv) 
1⁄2; and ‘‘(B) 100. ‘‘(2) A
VERAGE NUMBER OF COWS PER FARM .— The average number of cows per farm under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) shall be determined based on the report described in paragraph (1) as follows: ‘‘(A) In the case of a farm with fewer than 50 cows, the national average number of cows per farm in farms with fewer than 50 cows. ‘‘(B) In the case of a farm with not fewer than 50 cows and not greater than 199 cows, the national average number of cows per farm in farms with not fewer than 50 cows and not greater than 199 cows. ‘‘(C) In the case of a farm with not fewer than 200 cows and not greater than 499 cows, the national average number of cows per farm in farms with not fewer than 200 cows and not greater than 499 cows. ‘‘(D) In the case of a farm with not fewer than 500 cows, the national average number of cows per farm in farms with not fewer than 500 cows. ‘‘(3) V
ALUE OF PRODUCTION LESS TOTAL  
COSTS .—The value of production less total costs under paragraph (1)(A)(iii) shall be de-termined based on the report described in paragraph (1) as follows: ‘‘(A) In the case of a farm with fewer than 50 cows, the national value of production less total costs in farms with fewer than 50 cows. ‘‘(B) In the case of a farm with not fewer than 50 cows and not greater than 199 cows, the national value of production less total costs in farms with not fewer than 50 cows and not greater than 199 cows. ‘‘(C) In the case of a farm with not fewer than 200 cows and not greater than 499 cows, the national value of production less total costs in farms with not fewer than 200 cows and not greater than 499 cows. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.042 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5279 July 24, 2018 
‘‘(D) In the case of a farm with not fewer than 500 cows, the national value of produc-tion less total costs in farms with not fewer than 500 cows. ‘‘(d) P
AYMENT LIMITATION .—The amount of a payment under this section to an eligible dairy farmer described in subsection (b) shall not be greater than $15,000. ‘‘(e) F
UNDING .—Of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section $500,000,000.’’. 
SA 3447. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 17, line 4, strike ‘‘$88,910,000’’ and insert ‘‘$91,910,000’’. On page 17, line 14, strike ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$8,000,000’’. On page 40, line 7, strike ‘‘$134,673,000’’ and insert ‘‘$131,673,000’’. 
SA 3448. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 737 of division C, in the proviso, strike ‘‘entities’’ and insert ‘‘entities, or comparable entities that provide energy effi-ciency services using their own billing mech-anism,’’. 
SA 3449. Mr. CASEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the matter under the heading ‘‘ SPECIAL  
SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION PROGRAM FOR  
WOMEN , INFANTS , AND CHILDREN (WIC) ’’ under the heading ‘‘F
OOD AND NUTRITION SERVICE ’’ under the heading ‘‘DOMESTIC FOOD PRO-GRAMS’’ in title IV of division C, in the first proviso, strike ‘‘$60,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$80,000,000’’. 
SA 3450. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VII of di-vision C, insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) There is appropriated $7,000,000 to the Secretary of Agriculture for marketing activities authorized under sec-tion 204(b) of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1623(b)) to provide to State departments of agriculture, State coopera-tive extension services, institutions of high-er education, and nonprofit organizations grants to carry out programs and provide technical assistance to promote innovation, process improvement, and marketing relat-ing to dairy products, and the amount made available under the heading ‘‘AGRICULTURE  B
UILDINGS AND FACILITIES (INCLUDING TRANS -
FERS OF FUNDS) ’’ in title I of division C shall be $51,330,000. 
SA 3451. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6147, making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VII of di-vision C, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Section 750 of division A of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–141), is amended by striking ‘‘That for’’ and inserting ‘‘That any fee for switching or routing of benefits imposed by a nonaffiliated subcontractor of any con-tractor of a State shall not be prohibited if no portion of that fee is shared with or oth-erwise received by the State or the State’s contractor (or any affiliate of that con-tractor): Provided further, That for’’. 
SA 3452. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VII of di-vision D, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Food Labeling: Revision of the Nutrition and Supplement Facts Labels’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 33742 (May 27, 2016)) to the extent that the rule requires that the nutrition facts panel on the labeling of a single-ingredient food that does not contain any added sugars or sweeteners (such as honey or maple syrup) include a statement that the food contains added sugars. 
SA 3453. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 142, between lines 16 and 17, insert the following: 
STUDY OF PERFLUOROALKYL AND  
POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES IN GROUND -
WATER  S
EC. 433. (a) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the United States Geological Survey (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’), in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Adminis-trator’’), shall complete a study to monitor the flow of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances in groundwater flows in not less than 5 regions. (b) The Director, in consultation with the Administrator, is encouraged to develop a public information campaign to inform im-pacted communities and the general public of potential exposure to perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances resulting from releases in groundwater. (c) Not later than 15 months after the date of enactment of this Act and annually there-after, the Director, in consultation with the Administrator, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that describes the findings of the study completed under sub-section (a). SA 3454. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-self, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: 
RESEARCH ON OCEAN AGRICULTURE  S
EC. lll. (a) The Secretary of Agri-culture, in coordination with the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, shall establish a working group (referred to in this section as the ‘‘working group’’)— (1) to study how mangroves, kelp forests, tidal marshes, and seagrass meadows could help deacidify the oceans; (2) to study emerging ocean farming prac-tices that use kelp and seagrass to deacidify the oceans while providing feedstock for ag-riculture and other commercial and indus-trial inputs; and (3) to coordinate and conduct research to develop and enhance pilot-scale research for farming of kelp and seagrass in order— (A) to deacidify ocean environments; (B) to produce a feedstock for agriculture; and (C) to develop other scalable commercial applications for kelp, seagrass, or products derived from kelp or seagrass. (b) The working group shall include— (1) the Secretary of Agriculture; (2) the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration; (3) representatives of any relevant offices within the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration; and (4) the Assistant Secretary of Energy for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. (c) Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit to Congress a report that in-cludes— (1) the findings of the research described in subsection (a); (2) the results of the pilot-scale research described in subsection (a)(3); and (3) any policy recommendations based on those findings and results. 
SA 3455. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.034 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5280 July 24, 2018 
the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VII of division B, insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used— (1) to prevent a Member of Congress from entering, for the purpose of conducting over-sight, any facility located in the United States at which alien minors are housed or otherwise detained; (2) to require any Member of Congress to coordinate through a Congressional entity for their entry into, for the purpose of con-ducting oversight, any facility described in paragraph (1); or (3) to make any temporary modification at a facility described in paragraph (1) that in any way alters what is observed by a visiting Member of Congress, compared to what would be observed in the absence of such modification. 
SA 3456. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 151, line 13, strike ‘‘$250,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$255,000,000’’. On page 211, line 16, strike ‘‘$9,633,450,000’’ and insert ‘‘$9,628,450,000’’. 
SA 3457. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. The Office of Advocacy of the Small Business Administration shall conduct a study on the best practices in and benefits of matchmaking programs for small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans that utilize industry data and business leads provided by entities, such as chambers of commerce, to match those veterans with business opportunities in their industry of interest or geographic location. 
SA 3458. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-self, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. R
EED, Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
URPHY , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. K ING, and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to issue a lease for exploration, development, or production of oil or natural gas in any area of the outer Continental Shelf off the coasts of the States of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, or Connecticut. SA 3459. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 239, line 19, insert before the pe-riod at the end the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds made available under this Act or any other Act may be used to take any action that would impair the ful-fillment of the universal service obligation of the United States Postal Service or lead toward the privatization of the United States Postal Service’’. 
SA 3460. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. S
ANDERS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. 2ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act shall be used to rescind, re-voke, or otherwise modify the document of the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency entitled ‘‘Endangerment and Cause or Contributing Findings for Greenhouse Gases under Section 202(a) of the Clean Air Act’’ and dated December 7, 2009. 
SA 3461. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 142, between lines 16 and 17, insert the following: 
FORT ONTARIO SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY  S
EC. 433. (a) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the Interior. (2) The term ‘‘study area’’ means Fort On-tario in Oswego, New York. (b) The Secretary shall conduct a special resource study of the study area. (c) In conducting the study under sub-section (b), the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the national significance of the study area; (2) determine the suitability and feasi-bility of designating the study area as a unit of the National Park System; (3) consider other alternatives for preserva-tion, protection, and interpretation of the study area by the Federal Government, State or local government entities, or pri-vate and nonprofit organizations; (4) consult with interested Federal agen-cies, State or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations, or any other interested individuals; and (5) identify cost estimates for any Federal acquisition, development, interpretation, op-eration, and maintenance associated with the alternatives. (d) The study required under subsection (b) shall be conducted in accordance with sec-tion 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (e) Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available to carry out the study under subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes— (1) the results of the study; and (2) any conclusions and recommendations of the Secretary. SA 3462. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6147, making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division B, add the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds contained in this Act may be used to enforce section 540 of Public Law 110–329 (122 Stat. 3688) or sec-tion 538 of Public Law 112–74 (125 Stat. 976; 6 U.S.C. 190 note). 
SA 3463. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), add the following: TITLE IX—POSTAL SERVICE REFORM 
SECTION 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Postal Service Reform Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 902. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this title is as fol-lows: Sec. 901. Short title. Sec. 902. Table of contents. Sec. 903. Definitions. SUBTITLE A—POSTAL PERSONNEL Sec. 921. Postal Service Health Benefits Pro-gram. Sec. 922. Postal Service retiree health care benefit funding reform. Sec. 923. Medicare part B premium subsidy for newly enrolling Postal Serv-ice annuitants and family mem-bers. Sec. 924. Postal Service pension funding re-form. Sec. 925. Supervisory and other managerial organizations. Sec. 926. Right of appeal to Merit Systems Protection Board. SUBTITLE B—POSTAL SERVICE OPERATIONS REFORM Sec. 941. Governance reform. Sec. 942. Modernizing postal rates. Sec. 943. Nonpostal services. Sec. 944. Shipping of wine, beer, and dis-tilled spirits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.041 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5281 July 24, 2018 
Sec. 945. Efficient and flexible universal postal service. Sec. 946. Fair stamp-evidencing competi-tion. Sec. 947. Market-dominant rates. Sec. 948. Review of Postal Service cost attri-bution guidelines. Sec. 949. Aviation security for parcels. Sec. 950. Long-term solvency plan; annual financial plan and budget. Sec. 951. Service standards, performance targets, and performance meas-urements. Sec. 952. Postal Service Chief Innovation Of-ficer. Sec. 953. Emergency suspensions of post of-fices. Sec. 954. Mailing address requirements. SUBTITLE C—POSTAL CONTRACTING REFORM Sec. 961. Contracting provisions. Sec. 962. Technical amendment to defini-tion. SUBTITLE D—POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION, INSPECTOR GENERAL, RELATED PROVISIONS, AND MIS-CELLANEOUS Sec. 981. Postal Regulatory Commission. Sec. 982. Inspector General of the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission. Sec. 983. GAO report on fragmentation, overlap, and duplication in Fed-eral programs and activities. 
SEC. 903. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title, the following definitions shall apply: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Postal Regulatory Commission. (2) P
OSTAL RETAIL FACILITY .—The term ‘‘postal retail facility’’— (A) means a post office, post office branch, post office classified station, or other facil-ity that is operated by the Postal Service, the primary function of which is to provide retail postal services; and (B) does not include a contractor-operated facility offering postal services. (3) P
OSTAL SERVICE .—The term ‘‘Postal Service’’ means the United States Postal Service. Subtitle A—Postal Personnel 
SEC. 921. POSTAL SERVICE HEALTH BENEFITS PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 8903b the following: ‘‘§ 8903c. Postal Service Health Benefits Pro-gram ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘initial contract year’ means the contract year beginning in January of the first full year that begins not less than 7 months after the date of enactment of this section; ‘‘(2) the term ‘initial participating carrier’ means a carrier that enters into a contract with the Office to participate in the Postal Service Health Benefits Program during the initial contract year; ‘‘(3) the term ‘Medicare eligible individual’ means an individual who— ‘‘(A) is entitled to Medicare part A, but ex-cluding an individual who is eligible to en-roll under such part under section 1818 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395i–2); and ‘‘(B) is eligible to enroll in Medicare part B; ‘‘(4) the term ‘Medicare part A’ means the Medicare program for hospital insurance benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395c et seq.); ‘‘(5) the term ‘Medicare part B’ means the Medicare program for supplementary med-ical insurance benefits under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.); ‘‘(6) the term ‘Medicare part D’ means the Medicare insurance program established under part D of title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–101 et seq.); ‘‘(7) the term ‘Office’ means the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(8) the term ‘Postal Service’ means the United States Postal Service; ‘‘(9) the term ‘Postal Service annuitant’ means an annuitant enrolled in a health ben-efits plan under this chapter whose Govern-ment contribution is paid by the Postal Service or the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund under section 8906(g)(2); ‘‘(10) the term ‘Postal Service employee’ means an employee of the Postal Service en-rolled in a health benefits plan under this chapter; ‘‘(11) the term ‘Postal Service Health Bene-fits Program’ means the program of health benefits plans established under subsection (c) within the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program under this chapter; ‘‘(12) the term ‘Postal Service Medicare eli-gible annuitant’ means an individual who— ‘‘(A) is a Postal Service annuitant; and ‘‘(B) is a Medicare eligible individual; ‘‘(13) the term ‘PSHBP plan’ means a health benefits plan offered under the Postal Service Health Benefits Program; and ‘‘(14) the term ‘qualified carrier’ means a carrier for which the total enrollment in the plans provided under this chapter includes, in the contract year beginning in January of the year before the initial contract year, a combined total of 1,500 or more enrollees who are— ‘‘(A) Postal Service employees; or ‘‘(B) Postal Service annuitants. ‘‘(b) APPLICATION OF SECTION .—The require-ments under this section shall— ‘‘(1) apply to the initial contract year, and each contract year thereafter; and ‘‘(2) supersede other provisions of this chapter to the extent of any specific incon-sistency, as determined by the Office. ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF THE POSTAL SERV-
ICEHEALTH BENEFITS PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office shall estab-lish the Postal Service Health Benefits Pro-gram, which shall— ‘‘(A) consist of health benefits plans of-fered under this chapter; ‘‘(B) include plans offered by— ‘‘(i) each qualified carrier; and ‘‘(ii) any other carrier determined appro-priate by the Office; ‘‘(C) be available for participation by all Postal Service employees, in accordance with subsection (d); ‘‘(D) be available for participation by all Postal Service annuitants, in accordance with subsection (d); ‘‘(E) not be available for participation by an individual who is not a Postal Service em-ployee or Postal Service annuitant (except as a family member of such an employee or annuitant); and ‘‘(F) be implemented and administered by the Office. ‘‘(2) S
EPARATE POSTAL SERVICE RISK POOL .— The Office shall ensure that each PSHBP plan includes rates, one for enrollment as an individual, one for enrollment for self plus one, and one for enrollment for self and fam-ily within each option in the PSHBP plan, that reasonably and equitably reflect the cost of benefits provided to a risk pool con-sisting solely of Postal Service employees and Postal Service annuitants (and family members of such employees and annuitants), taking into specific account the reduction in benefits cost for the PSHBP plan due to the Medicare enrollment requirements under subsection (e) and any savings or subsidies resulting from subsection (f). ‘‘(3) ACTUARIALLY EQUIVALENT COVERAGE .— The Office shall ensure that each carrier par-ticipating in the Postal Service Health Bene-fits Program provides coverage under the PSHBP plans offered by the carrier that is actuarially equivalent, as determined by the Director of the Office, to the coverage that the carrier provides under the health bene-fits plans offered by the carrier under the Federal Employee Health Benefits Program that are not PSHBP plans. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEE  
HEALTH BENEFITS PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .— Except as otherwise set forth in this section, all provisions of this chapter applicable to health benefits plans offered by a carrier under section 8903 or 8903a shall apply to PSHBP plans. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION OF CONTINUATION COV -
ERAGE .—In accordance with rules established by the Office, section 8905a shall apply to PSHBP plans in the same manner as that section applies to other health benefits plans offered under this chapter. ‘‘(d) E
LECTION OF COVERAGE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), each Postal Service employee and Postal Service annuitant who elects to receive health benefits coverage under this chapter— ‘‘(A) shall be subject to the requirements under this section; and ‘‘(B) may only enroll in a PSHBP plan. ‘‘(2) A
NNUITANTS .—A Postal Service annu-itant shall not be subject to this section if the Postal Service annuitant— ‘‘(A) is enrolled in a health benefits plan under this chapter for the contract year be-fore the initial contract year that is not a health benefits plan offered by an initial par-ticipating carrier, unless the Postal Service annuitant voluntarily enrolls in a PSHBP plan; ‘‘(B) resides in a geographic area— ‘‘(i) for which there is not a PSHBP plan in which the Postal Service annuitant may en-roll; or ‘‘(ii) in which there is a lack of partici-pating Medicare part B providers; or ‘‘(C) would not derive benefit from enroll-ing in Medicare part B because of com-prehensive medical coverage provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs or other pro-grams. ‘‘(3) E
MPLOYEES .—A Postal Service em-ployee who is enrolled in a health benefits plan under this chapter for the contract year immediately preceding the initial contract year that is not a health benefits plan of-fered by an initial participating carrier shall not be subject to the requirements under this section, except that— ‘‘(A) if the Postal Service employee changes enrollment to a different health benefits plan under this chapter during the open season for the initial contract year, or after the start of the initial contract year, the Postal Service employee may only enroll in a PSHBP plan; ‘‘(B) if the health benefits plan in which the Postal Service employee is enrolled for such contract year becomes available as a PSHBP plan, the Postal Service employee may only enroll in a PSHBP plan; ‘‘(C) upon becoming a Postal Service annu-itant, if the Postal Service employee elects to continue coverage under this chapter, the Postal Service employee shall enroll in a PSHBP plan during— ‘‘(i) the open season that is being held when the Postal Service employee becomes a Postal Service annuitant; or ‘‘(ii) if the date on which the Postal Serv-ice employee becomes a Postal Service annu-itant falls outside of an open season, the first open season following that date; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5282 July 24, 2018 
‘‘(D) subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) shall not apply to an employee who resides in a geographic area for which there is not a PSHBP plan in which the employee may en-roll. ‘‘(e) R
EQUIREMENT OF MEDICARE ENROLL -
MENT .— ‘‘(1) P
OSTAL SERVICE MEDICARE ELIGIBLE AN -
NUITANTS .—A Postal Service Medicare eligi-ble annuitant subject to this section may not continue coverage under the Postal Serv-ice Health Benefits Program unless the Post-al Service Medicare eligible annuitant en-rolls in Medicare part A, Medicare part B, and Medicare part D (as part of a prescrip-tion drug plan described in subsection (f)(2)). ‘‘(2) M
EDICARE ELIGIBLE FAMILY MEMBERS .— If a family member of a Postal Service annu-itant who is subject to this section is a Medi-care eligible individual, the family member may not be covered under the Postal Service Health Benefits Program as a family mem-ber of the Postal Service annuitant unless the family member enrolls in Medicare part A, Medicare part B, and Medicare part D (as part of a prescription drug plan described in subsection (f)(2)). ‘‘(3) P
ROCESS FOR COORDINATED ELECTION OF  
ENROLLMENT UNDER MEDICARE PART B .—The Office shall establish a process under which— ‘‘(A) Postal Service annuitants and family members who are subject to the require-ments of paragraph (1) or (2)— ‘‘(i) are informed, at the time of enroll-ment under this chapter, of such require-ment; and ‘‘(ii) except as provided in paragraph (4), as a consequence of such enrollment are deemed to have elected to be enrolled under Medicare part B (under subsection (m)(1) of section 1837 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395p)) in connection with the enroll-ment in a PSHBP plan under this chapter; and ‘‘(B) the Office provides the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Commis-sioner of Social Security in a timely manner with such information respecting such annu-itants and family members and such election as may be required to effect their enrollment and coverage under Medicare part B and this section in a timely manner. ‘‘(4) W
AIVER FOR EXTREME FINANCIAL HARD -
SHIP.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Postal Service, in consultation with recognized labor organiza-tions and management organizations, shall establish a waiver program under which the requirement to enroll in Medicare part B under paragraph (1) or (2), as applicable, is waived for Postal Service annuitants and family members who demonstrate extreme financial hardship. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF WAIVER .—If the applicable requirement described in subparagraph (A) is waived for a Postal Service annuitant or family member— ‘‘(i) the Postal Service shall notify the Of-fice of the waiver; and ‘‘(ii) the annuitant or family member shall not be deemed to have elected to be enrolled under Medicare part B as described in para-graph (3)(A)(ii). ‘‘(f) M
EDICARE COORDINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office shall require each PSHBP plan to provide benefits for Medicare eligible individuals pursuant to the standard coordination of benefits method used under this chapter, rather than the ex-clusion method or the carve-out method. ‘‘(2) M
EDICARE PART D PRESCRIPTION DRUG  
BENEFITS .—The Office shall require each PSHBP plan to provide qualified prescription drug coverage for Postal Service annuitants and family members who are part D eligible individuals (as defined in section 1860D– 1(a)(3)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–101(a)(3)(A)) under a prescrip-tion drug plan under Medicare part D pursu-ant to the provisions of section 1860D–22(b) (commonly referred to as an ‘employer group waiver plan’). For purposes of the preceding sentence, the carrier offering the PSHBP plan shall be deemed to be the sponsor of the plan for purposes of Medicare part D. ‘‘(g) POSTAL SERVICE CONTRIBUTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (i), for purposes of applying section 8906(b) to the Postal Service, the weighted average shall be calculated in accordance with para-graphs (2) and (3). ‘‘(2) W
EIGHTED AVERAGE CALCULATION .—Not later than October 1 of each year (beginning with the year before the initial contract year), the Office shall determine the weight-ed average of the rates established pursuant to subsection (c)(2) for PSHBP plans that will be in effect during the following con-tract year with respect to— ‘‘(A) enrollments for self only; ‘‘(B) enrollments for self plus one; and ‘‘(C) enrollments for self and family. ‘‘(3) W
EIGHTING IN COMPUTING RATES FOR  
INITIAL CONTRACT YEAR .—In determining such weighted average of the rates for the initial contract year, the Office shall take into ac-count (for purposes of section 8906(a)(2)) the enrollment of Postal Service employees and annuitants in the health benefits plans of-fered by the initial participating carriers as of March 31 of the year before the initial con-tract year. ‘‘(h) R
ESERVES .— ‘‘(1) S
EPARATE RESERVES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Office shall ensure that each PSHBP plan maintains separate reserves (including a separate contingency reserve) with respect to the enrollees in the PSHBP plan in accordance with section 8909. ‘‘(B) R
EFERENCES .—For purposes of the Postal Service Health Benefits Program, each reference to ‘the Government’ in sec-tion 8909 shall be deemed to be a reference to the Postal Service. ‘‘(C) A
MOUNTS TO BE CREDITED .—The re- serves (including the separate contingency reserve) maintained by each PSHBP plan shall be credited with a proportionate amount of the funds in the existing reserves for health benefits plans offered by an initial participating carrier. ‘‘(2) D
ISCONTINUATION OF PSHBP PLAN .—In applying section 8909(e) relating to a PSHBP plan that is discontinued, the Office shall credit the separate Postal Service contin-gency reserve maintained under paragraph (1) for that plan only to the separate Postal Service contingency reserves of the PSHBP plans continuing under this chapter. ‘‘(i) N
OEFFECT ON EXISTING LAW.—Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting section 1005(f) of title 39 regarding vari-ations, additions, or substitutions to the pro-visions of this chapter. ‘‘(j) M
EDICARE EDUCATION PROGRAM .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this section, the Postal Service shall establish a Medicare Education Program, under which the Postal Service shall— ‘‘(1) notify annuitants and employees of the Postal Service about the Postal Service Health Benefits Program; ‘‘(2) provide information regarding the Postal Service Health Benefits Program to such annuitants and employees, including— ‘‘(A) a description of the health care op-tions available under the Postal Service Health Benefits Program; ‘‘(B) the requirement that annuitants be enrolled in Medicare under subsection (e)(1); and ‘‘(C) the premium subsidies under section 923 of the Postal Service Reform Act of 2018; and ‘‘(3) respond and provide answers to any in-quiry from such annuitants and employees about the Postal Service Health Benefits Program or Medicare enrollment.’’. (2) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) Section 8903(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘two levels of benefits’’ and inserting ‘‘2 levels of benefits for enrollees under this chapter generally and 2 levels of benefits for enrollees under the Postal Service Health Benefits Program established under section 8903c’’. (B) The table of sections for chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 8903b the following: ‘‘8903c. Postal Service Health Benefits Pro-gram.’’. (b) C
OORDINATION WITHMEDICARE .— (1) M
EDICARE ENROLLMENT AND COVERAGE .— Section 1837 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395p) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m)(1) In the case of an individual who— ‘‘(A) is (i) a Postal Service Medicare eligi-ble annuitant, or (ii) an individual who is a family member of such an annuitant and is a Medicare eligible individual; ‘‘(B) enrolls in a PSHBP plan under section 8903c of title 5, United States Code; and ‘‘(C) is not enrolled under this part, the individual is deemed, in accordance with section 8903c(e)(3) of such title, to have elect-ed to be enrolled under this part. ‘‘(2) In the case of an individual who is deemed to have elected to be enrolled under paragraph (1), the coverage period under this part shall begin on the date that the indi-vidual first has coverage under the PSHBP plan pursuant to the enrollment described in paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(3) The provisions of section 1838(b) shall apply to an individual who is deemed to have elected to be enrolled under paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) The Secretary, the Commissioner of Social Security, the United States Postal Service, and the Office of Personnel Manage-ment shall coordinate to monitor premiums paid by individuals who are deemed to have elected to be enrolled under paragraph (1) for purposes of determining whether those indi-viduals are in compliance with the applica-ble requirements under section 8903c(e) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(5) The definitions in section 8903c(a) of title 5, United States Code, shall apply for purposes of this subsection.’’. (2) W
AIVER OF INCREASE OF PREMIUM .—Sec- tion 1839(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(b)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘section 1837,’’ the following: ‘‘and not pur-suant to a deemed enrollment under sub-section (m) of such section during the open season for the initial contract year (as de-fined in section 8903c(a) of title 5, United States Code) of the Postal Service Health Benefits Program,’’. (3) C
ONFORMING COORDINATION OF BENEFIT  
RULES .—Section 1862(b) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) C
OORDINATION OF BENEFITS WITH POST -
AL SERVICE HEALTH BENEFITS PLANS .—Para- graphs (1) through (9) shall apply except to the extent that the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, determines those paragraphs to be in-consistent with section 8903c(f) of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 922. POSTAL SERVICE RETIREE HEALTH CARE BENEFIT FUNDING REFORM. 
(a) C ONTRIBUTIONS .—Section 8906(g) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(2)(A) The Government’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)(A)(i) The Government’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5283 July 24, 2018 
(i) in clause (i), as added by paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall through September 30, 2016, be paid’’ and all that follows and insert-ing the following: ‘‘shall be paid as provided in clause (ii).’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) With respect to the Government con-tributions required to be paid under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) the portion of the contributions that is equal to the amount of the net claims costs under the enrollment of the individuals de-scribed in clause (i) shall be paid from the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund up to the amount contained in the Fund; and ‘‘(II) any remaining amount shall be paid by the United States Postal Service.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) For purposes of this paragraph, the amount of the net claims costs under the en-rollment of an individual described in sub-paragraph (A)(i) shall be the amount, as de-termined by the Office over any particular period of time, equal to the difference be-tween— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the costs incurred by a carrier in pro-viding health services to, paying for health services provided to, or reimbursing expenses for health services provided to, the indi-vidual and any other person covered under the enrollment of the individual; and ‘‘(II) an amount of indirect expenses rea-sonably allocable to the provision, payment, or reimbursement described in subclause (I), as determined by the Office; and ‘‘(ii) the amount withheld from the annu-ity of the individual or otherwise paid by the individual under this section. ‘‘(D) Any computation by the Office under this section that relates to an individual de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i) of this para-graph shall be made in consultation with the United States Postal Service.’’. (b) P
OSTAL SERVICE RETIREE HEALTH BENE-
FITS FUND.—Section 8909a(d) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Office’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Postal Service’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘required under section 8906(g)(2)(A)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘required to be paid from the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund under section 8906(g)(2)(A)(ii)(I)’’; (2) by striking paragraphs (2) and (4); (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); (4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) The United States Postal Service shall make sufficient payments into the Fund, in accordance with paragraphs (4) and (5)(B), so that the value of the assets of the Fund is equal to the Postal Service actuarial liabil-ity. ‘‘(3)(A) Not later than June 30, 2020, the United States Postal Service shall compute, and by June 30 of each succeeding year, the United States Postal Service shall recom-pute, a schedule including a series of annual installments that provide for the liquidation of the amount described under subparagraph (B) (regardless of whether the amount is a li-ability or surplus) by September 30 of the first fiscal year that begins 40 years after the date of enactment of the Postal Service Re-form Act of 2018 (unless the schedule is ex-tended as provided in paragraph (4)(C)(ii)(II)), including interest at the rate used in the computations under this sub-section. ‘‘(B) The amount described in this subpara-graph is the amount, as of the date on which the applicable computation or recomputa-tion under subparagraph (A) is made, that is equal to the difference between— ‘‘(i) 80 percent of the Postal Service actu-arial liability as of September 30 of the pre-ceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) the value of the assets of the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund as of September 30 of the preceding fiscal year.’’; (5) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iv), by striking the semi-colon at the end and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking clauses (v) through (x); (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1), except to the extent the payment would cause the value of the assets in the Fund to exceed the Postal Service actuarial liability’’; and (ii) in clause (ii)— (I) by inserting ‘‘except as provided in sub-paragraph (C),’’ before ‘‘any’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)(B).’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (3).’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C)(i) Upon request by the United States Postal Service, the Postal Regulatory Com-mission may waive the annual installment payment required to be made in a fiscal year under subparagraph (B)(ii) if the United States Postal Service meets conditions es-tablished by the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion related to— ‘‘(I) financial stability and retained earn-ings; and ‘‘(II) the capability to maintain a high level of service. ‘‘(ii) If the Postal Regulatory Commission waives the annual installment payment re-quired to be made in a fiscal year under sub-paragraph (B)(ii)— ‘‘(I) for purposes of any financial reporting by the United States Postal Service, the pay-ment shall be deemed to have been made; and ‘‘(II) the United States Postal Service shall extend the liquidation schedule under para-graph (3)(A) by 1 year. ‘‘(iii) If the United States Postal Service does not request a waiver of the annual in-stallment payment required to be made in a fiscal year under subparagraph (B)(ii) and does not make the payment, the United States Postal Service may not increase rates for market-dominant products under section 3622 of title 39 during the following fiscal year.’’; (6) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (8); (7) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5)(A) Concurrently with each computa-tion or recomputation under paragraph (3), the United States Postal Service shall com-pute the amount, as of the date of the com-putation, that is equal to the difference be-tween— ‘‘(i) the Postal Service actuarial liability as of September 30 of the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) the value of the assets of the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund as of September 30 of the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(B) If the United States Postal Service disposes of any property owned or leased by the United States Postal Service, and, based on the most recent computation under sub-paragraph (A), the amount described in clause (i) of that subparagraph is greater than the amount described in clause (ii) of that subparagraph, the United States Postal Service shall pay into the Fund the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the amount of net profit to the United States Postal Service resulting from the dis-posal of property (as determined by the Post-al Regulatory Commission); or ‘‘(ii) the amount computed under subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(C) The United States Postal Service shall make each payment required under subparagraph (B) without regard to whether the United States Postal Service has com-pleted the annual installment payments re-quired under paragraph (4)(B)(ii), as sched-uled under paragraph (3)(A). ‘‘(6) Computations under this subsection shall be based on— ‘‘(A) economic and actuarial methods and assumptions consistent with the methods and assumptions used in determining the Postal surplus or supplemental liability under section 8348(h); and ‘‘(B) any other methods and assumptions, including a health care cost trend rate, that the Director of the Office determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(7)(A) The Office shall provide to the United States Postal Service any data nec-essary for computations under this sub-section. ‘‘(B) Upon computing an amount or sched-ule under this subsection for a fiscal year, the United States Postal Service shall pro-vide the data used for the computation to the Postal Regulatory Commission for re-view of the computation. ‘‘(C) Not later than 30 days after receiving data from the United States Postal Service under subparagraph (B), the Postal Regu-latory Commission, in consultation with the United States Postal Service, shall— ‘‘(i) determine whether the amount or schedule was computed in accordance with this subsection; ‘‘(ii) if the amount or schedule was com-puted in accordance with this subsection, submit to the Office a certification that the amount or schedule is the definitive amount or schedule for that fiscal year; and ‘‘(iii) if the amount or schedule was not computed in accordance with this sub-section, request that the Office recompute the amount or schedule. ‘‘(D)(i) Not later than 30 days after receiv-ing a request from the Postal Regulatory Commission under subparagraph (C)(iii), the Office shall recompute the amount or sched-ule. ‘‘(ii) If the Office recomputes an amount or schedule under clause (i), the recomputed amount or schedule shall be the definitive amount or schedule for that fiscal year for purposes of this subsection.’’; and (8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) In this subsection, the term ‘Postal Service actuarial liability’ means the dif-ference between— ‘‘(A) the net present value of future pay-ments required to be paid from the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund under section 8906(g)(2)(A)(ii)(I) for current and fu-ture United States Postal Service annu-itants; and ‘‘(B) the net present value as computed under paragraph (1) attributable to the fu-ture service of United States Postal Service employees. ‘‘(10) For purposes of computing an amount under paragraph (1) or (9)(A), section 8906(g)(2)(A)(ii)(I) shall be applied as though ‘up to the amount contained in the Fund’ were struck.’’. (c) C
ANCELLATION OF CERTAIN UNPAID OBLI-
GATIONS OF THE POSTAL SERVICE .—Any obli- gation of the Postal Service under section 8909a(d)(3)(A) of title 5, United States Code, as in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act, that remains unpaid as of such date of enactment is canceled. (d) O
NE-TIME TRANSFER TO MEDICARE  F
UNDS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘applicable fiscal year’’ means the first fiscal year beginning on or after October 1, 2021, in which the amount computed under paragraph (3)(B) of section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5284 July 24, 2018 
8909a(d) of title 5, United States Code (as amended by subsection (b)) is a surplus; and (B) the term ‘‘Medicare fund’’ means— (i) the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund under section 1817 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395i); (ii) the Federal Supplementary Medical In-surance Trust Fund under section 1841 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395t); and (iii) the Medicare Prescription Drug Ac-count under section 1860D–16 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–116). (2) T
RANSFER REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the schedule under paragraph (3)(A) of section 8909a(d) of title 5, United States Code (as amended by subsection (b)) in the applicable fiscal year is certified by the Commission or recomputed by the Office of Personnel Management, as applicable under paragraph (6) of such sec-tion 8909a(d)— (A) the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall— (i) estimate the amount of the increased expenditures required from the Medicare funds, including the amount required from each such fund, by reason of the require-ments under section 8903c(e) of title 5, United States Code (as added by section 921(a)(1) of this title) for the 10-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act; and (ii) notify the Secretary of the Treasury and the Postal Service of the amount esti-mated under clause (i); and (B) the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer from the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund to the Medicare funds an amount equal to the amount estimated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under subparagraph (A)(i), in accordance with paragraph (3) of this subsection. (3) D
ISTRIBUTION .—An amount transferred under subparagraph (B) of paragraph (2) shall be divided among the Medicare funds in pro-portion to the increased expenditures re-quired from each such fund, as estimated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under subparagraph (A)(i) of that paragraph. (e) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The heading of section 8909a of title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Benefit’’ and inserting ‘‘Benefits’’. (f) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section is in-tended to establish a precedent with respect to Federal employees at large, given that the Postal Service is a unique entity within the Federal Government and benefits for em-ployees of the Postal Service are only par-tially integrated with benefits for Federal employees at large. 
SEC. 923. MEDICARE PART B PREMIUM SUBSIDY FOR NEWLY ENROLLING POSTAL SERVICE ANNUITANTS AND FAMILY MEMBERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘eligible individual’’ means a Postal Service annuitant, or a family mem-ber of a Postal Service annuitant, who— (A) newly enrolls in Medicare part B dur-ing the open season for the initial contract year pursuant to a deemed enrollment under subsection (m) of section 1837 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395p), as added by section 921 of this title; and (B) is not eligible for Medicare cost-shar-ing or any other subsidies for Medicare part B premium payments; (2) the term ‘‘initial contract year’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8903c(a) of title 5, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 921 of this title; (3) the term ‘‘Medicare cost-sharing’’ means Medicare cost-sharing described in section 1905(p)(3)(A)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(p)(3)(A)(ii)) under a State plan under title XIX of that Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); (4) the term ‘‘Medicare part B’’ means the Medicare program for supplementary med-ical insurance benefits under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.); and (5) the term ‘‘Postal Service annuitant’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8903c(a) of title 5, United States Code, as added by section 921 of this title. (b) SUBSIDIES .—With respect to the month-ly Medicare part B premium payments of eli-gible individuals (taking into account any adjustments, including those under sub-sections (b) and (i) of section 1839 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r)), the Post-al Service— (1) in the initial contract year, shall sub-sidize 75 percent of the Medicare part B pre-mium payments; (2) in the first year after the initial con-tract year, shall subsidize 50 percent of the Medicare part B premium payments; and (3) in the second year after the initial con-tract year, shall subsidize 25 percent of the Medicare part B premium payments. (c) F
UND.—The Postal Service shall estab-lish a fund to provide the subsidies required under subsection (b). 
SEC. 924. POSTAL SERVICE PENSION FUNDING REFORM. 
(a) C IVIL SERVICE RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— Section 8348(h) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graphs (B) and (C) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) The Office shall redetermine the Post-al surplus or supplemental liability as of the close of the fiscal year, for each fiscal year beginning after September 30, 2016. Subject to subparagraph (C), beginning June 15, 2019, if the result is a surplus or a supplemental li-ability, the Office shall establish an amorti-zation schedule, including a series of annual installments commencing on September 30 of the subsequent fiscal year, which provides for the liquidation of the surplus or liability to the Postal Service or the Fund (as the case may be) by September 30, 2044. ‘‘(C) Not later than June 30, 2034, the Office shall determine, and thereafter shall redeter-mine as necessary, but not more frequently than once per year, the appropriate date by which to complete the liquidation of any re-maining surplus or liability determined under this paragraph. The appropriate date shall be determined in accordance with gen-erally accepted actuarial practices and prin-ciples and shall not be later than 15 years after the date on which the determination is made.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) For the purpose of carrying out para-graph (1), for fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Office shall use— ‘‘(A) demographic factors specific to cur-rent and former employees of the United States Postal Service, unless such data can-not be generated; and ‘‘(B) economic assumptions regarding wage and salary growth that reflect the specific past, and likely future, pay for current em-ployees of the United States Postal Serv-ice.’’. (b) F
EDERAL EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT SYS-
TEM LIABILITY ASSUMPTION REFORM .—Sec- tion 8423 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)),’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B) or (C)),’’; and (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the product of— ‘‘(i) the normal-cost percentage, as deter-mined for employees (other than employees covered by subparagraph (B)) of the United States Postal Service under paragraph (5), multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of basic pay payable by the United States Postal Service, for the period involved, to employees of the United States Postal Service.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) In determining the normal-cost percentage for employees of the United States Postal Service for purposes of para-graph (1)(C), the Office shall use— ‘‘(i) demographic factors specific to such employees, unless such data cannot be gen-erated; and ‘‘(ii) economic assumptions regarding wage and salary growth that reflect the specific past, and likely future, pay for such employ-ees. ‘‘(B) The United States Postal Service shall provide any data or projections the Of-fice requires in order to determine the nor-mal-cost percentage for employees of the United States Postal Service, consistent with subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) The Office shall review the determina-tion of the normal-cost percentage for em-ployees of the United States Postal Service and make such adjustments as the Office considers necessary— ‘‘(i) upon request of the United States Postal Service, but not more frequently than once each fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) at such other times as the Office con-siders appropriate. ‘‘(6) For the purpose of carrying out sub-section (b)(1)(B), and consistent with para-graph (5), for fiscal year 2018, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Office shall use— ‘‘(A) demographic factors specific to cur-rent and former employees of the United States Postal Service, unless such data can-not be generated; and ‘‘(B) economic assumptions regarding wage and salary growth that reflect the specific past, and likely future, pay for current em-ployees of the United States Postal Serv-ice.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5)(A) In this paragraph, the term ‘postal funding surplus’ means the amount by which the amount of the supplemental liability computed under paragraph (1)(B) is less than zero. ‘‘(B) If the amount of supplemental liabil-ity computed under paragraph (1)(B) as of the close of any fiscal year after the date of enactment of the Postal Service Reform Act of 2018 is less than zero, the Office shall es-tablish an amortization schedule, including a series of equal annual installments that— ‘‘(i) provide for the liquidation of the post-al funding surplus in 30 years, commencing on September 30 of the subsequent fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) shall be transferred to the Postal Service Fund.’’. SEC. 925. SUPERVISORY AND OTHER MANAGE-RIAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Postal Service shall submit to Congress a report on compliance by the Postal Service with outcomes of consultative discussions under section 1004(e) of title 39, United States Code, held with postal management organizations on changes in, or termination of, pay policies and schedules and fringe ben-efit programs for members of the postal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5285 July 24, 2018 
management organization, including changes in, or termination of, policies gov-erning pay-for-performance systems covering supervisory and management employees. 
SEC. 926. RIGHT OF APPEAL TO MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD. 
Section 1005(a)(4)(A)(ii)(I) of title 39, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(I) is an employee of the Postal Service or the Office of the Inspector General who is not represented by a bargaining representa-tive recognized under section 1203; and’’. Subtitle B—Postal Service Operations Reform 
SEC. 941. GOVERNANCE REFORM. 
(a) B OARD OF GOVERNORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 202 of title 39, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 202. Board of Governors ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is established in the Postal Service a Board of Governors composed of 5 Governors, a Postmaster Gen-eral, and a Deputy Postmaster General, all of whom shall be appointed in accordance with this section. The Governors shall have the power to— ‘‘(1) exercise the powers of the Postal Serv-ice, consistent with section 203(c); ‘‘(2) appoint, fix the term of service of, and remove the Postmaster General; ‘‘(3) in consultation with the Postmaster General, appoint, fix the term of service of, and remove the Deputy Postmaster General; ‘‘(4) set the strategic direction of postal op-erations and approve the pricing and product strategy for the Postal Service; ‘‘(5) set the compensation of the Post-master General and the Deputy Postmaster General in accordance with private sector best practices, as determined by the Gov-ernors pursuant to section 3686; and ‘‘(6) carry out any other duties specifically provided for in this title. ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT ; PAY.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Governors shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, not more than 3 of whom may be adherents of the same political party. The Governors shall elect a Chair from among their members. The Governors shall represent the public in-terest generally, and shall be chosen solely on the basis of their experience in the field of public administration, law, or accounting, or on their demonstrated ability in managing organizations or corporations (in either the public or private sector) of substantial size, except that at least 3 of the Governors shall be chosen solely on the basis of their dem-onstrated ability in managing organizations or corporations (in either the public or pri-vate sector) that employ at least 10,000 em-ployees. The Governors shall not be rep-resentatives of specific interests using the Postal Service, and may be removed only for cause. ‘‘(2) C
OMPENSATION .—Each Governor shall receive a salary of $30,000 a year plus $300 a day for not more than 42 days of meetings each year and shall be reimbursed for travel and reasonable expenses incurred in attend-ing meetings of the Board. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall be construed to limit the number of days of meetings each year to 42 days. ‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In selecting the indi-viduals described in paragraph (1) for nomi-nation for appointment to the position of Governor, the President should consult with the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the minority leader of the House of Rep-resentatives, the majority leader of the Sen-ate, and the minority leader of the Senate. ‘‘(c) T
ERMS OF GOVERNORS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The terms of the 5 Gov-ernors shall be 7 years, except that the terms of the 5 Governors first taking office shall expire as designated by the President at the time of appointment, 1 at the end of 1 year, 1 at the end of 2 years, 1 at the end of 3 years, 1 at the end of 4 years, and 1 at the end of 5 years, following the appointment of the first of them. Any Governor appointed to fill a vacancy before the expiration of the term for which the Governor’s predecessor was appointed shall serve for the remainder of such term. A Governor may continue to serve after the expiration of the Governor’s term until such Governor’s successor has qualified, but not to exceed one year. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—No individual may serve more than 2 terms as a Governor. ‘‘(d) S
TAFF .—The Chair of the Board of Governors shall ensure that the Board has appropriate independent staff to carry out the roles and responsibilities of the Board and the Governors.’’. (2) A
PPLICATION .—Any individual serving as a Governor on the Board of Governors of the Postal Service on the date of enactment of this Act shall continue to serve as a Gov-ernor until the term applicable to such indi-vidual expires (as determined under section 202(b) of title 39, United States Code, as in ef-fect before the amendments made by this section take effect pursuant to subsection (g)). (b) P
OSTMASTER GENERAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 203 of title 39, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 203. Postmaster General ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The chief executive offi-cer of the Postal Service is the Postmaster General, appointed pursuant to section 202(a)(2). The alternate chief executive offi-cer of the Postal Service is the Deputy Post-master General, appointed pursuant to sec-tion 202(a)(3). ‘‘(b) P
OWERS .—Consistent with the require-ments of this title, the exercise of the power of the Postal Service shall be vested in the Governors and carried out by the Postmaster General in a manner consistent with the strategic direction and pricing and product strategy approved by the Governors. The Postmaster General shall, in accordance with bylaws determined appropriate by the Board, consult with the Governors and the Deputy Postmaster General in carrying out such power.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item re-lating to section 203 in the table of sections for chapter 2 of title 39, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘203. Postmaster General.’’. (c) P
ROCEDURES OF THE BOARD .—Section 205 of title 39, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 205. Procedures of the Board of Governors and the Governors ‘‘(a) V
ACANCIES .—Vacancies in the Board shall not impair the powers of the Board or the Governors under this title. ‘‘(b) V
OTE.—The Board and the Governors shall act upon majority vote of those mem-bers who are present, subject to such quorum requirements as the Board and the Gov-ernors may respectively establish. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—No officer or employee of the United States may serve concurrently as a Governor. A Governor may hold any other office or employment not inconsistent or in conflict with the Governor’s duties, respon-sibilities, and powers as an officer of the Government of the United States in the Postal Service.’’. (d) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 402 of title 39, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 402. Delegation of authority ‘‘(a) POSTMASTER GENERAL .—The Post-master General may delegate his or her au-thority under such terms, conditions, and limitations, including the power of redelega-tion, as he or she determines desirable. The Postmaster General may establish such com-mittees of officers and employees of the Postal Service, and delegate such powers to any committee, as the Postmaster General determines appropriate to carry out his or her functions and duties. Delegations under this section shall be consistent with other provisions of this title, shall not relieve the Postmaster General of full responsibility for the carrying out the Postmaster General’s duties and functions, and shall be revocable by the Postmaster General. ‘‘(b) B
OARD OF GOVERNORS .—The Board may establish such committees of the Board, and delegate such powers to any committee, as the Board determines appropriate to carry out its functions and duties. Delegations to committees shall be consistent with other provisions of this title, shall not relieve the Board of full responsibility for the carrying out of its duties and functions, and shall be revocable by the Board in its exclusive judg-ment.’’. (e) I
NTERNATIONAL POSTAL ARRANGE -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 407 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) After submission to the Postal Regu-latory Commission by the Department of State of the budget detailing the estimated costs of carrying out the activities under this section, and the Commission’s review and approval of such submission, the Postal Service shall transfer to the Department of State, from any funds available to the Postal Service, such sums as may be reasonable, documented, and auditable for the Depart-ment of State to carry out such activities.’’. (2) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on October 1 of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 633 of title VI of the Treasury and General Gov-ernment Appropriations Act, 1999 (Public Law 105–277; 39 U.S.C. 407 note) is amended by striking subsection (d). (f) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Title 39, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 102(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘9 members’’ and inserting ‘‘5 members’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘section 202(a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 202(b)(1)’’; (2) in section 204— (A) by striking ‘‘the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘the Postmaster General’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the Governors and’’; (3) in section 207, by striking ‘‘the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘the Postal Service’’; (4) in section 414(b)(2), by striking ‘‘the Governors’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘the Postal Service’’; (5) in section 416(c)— (A) by striking ‘‘the Governors’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Postal Service’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘they’’ and inserting ‘‘the Postal Service’’; (6) in section 1011, by striking ‘‘the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘the Postal Service’’; (7) by striking section 2402 and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 2402. Annual report ‘‘The Postmaster General shall render an annual report concerning the operations of the Postal Service under this title to the President and Congress.’’; (8) in section 3632— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5286 July 24, 2018 
(A) by striking the section heading, and in-serting ‘‘Establishment of rates and classes of competitive products’’; (B) by striking subsection (a) and redesig-nating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively; (C) in paragraph (a)(2) (as redesignated by subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘and the record of the Governors’ proceedings in con-nection with such decision’’; (D) in paragraph (a)(3) (as redesignated by subparagraph (B))— (i) by striking ‘‘and the record of the pro-ceedings in connection with such decision’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Governors consider’’ and inserting ‘‘the Postal Service considers’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘the Governors’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘the Postal Service’’; and (9) in the table of sections for chapter 36, by striking the item relating to section 3632 and inserting the following: ‘‘3632. Establishment of rates and classes of competitive products.’’. (g) D
ELAYED EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amend-ments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 942. MODERNIZING POSTAL RATES. 
(a) A DEQUACY , EFFICIENCY , AND FAIRNESS  
OFPOSTAL RATES .— (1) O
BJECTIVES .—Section 3622(b) of title 39, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and en-sure’’ after ‘‘create’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and meet’’ after ‘‘main-tain’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, with a focus on achiev-ing predictable and consistent delivery’’ be-fore the period at the end; (C) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘estab-lish and’’ before ‘‘maintain’’; (D) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘process’’ and inserting ‘‘and cost attribution proc-esses’’; and (E) in paragraph (9), by inserting ‘‘(and to ensure appropriate levels of transparency)’’ before the period at the end. (2) F
ACTORS .—Section 3622(c) of title 39, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) F
ACTORS .—In establishing or revising such system, the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion shall take into account the following factors: ‘‘(1) The effect of rate increases upon the general public and business mail users. ‘‘(2) The available alternative means of sending and receiving written communica-tions, information, and letters and other mail matter at reasonable costs. ‘‘(3) The reliability of delivery timelines and the extent to which the Postal Service is meeting its service standard obligations. ‘‘(4) The need to ensure that the Postal Service has adequate revenues and has taken appropriate cost-cutting measures to main-tain financial stability and meet all legal ob-ligations. ‘‘(5) The extent to which the Postal Service has taken actions to increase its efficiency and reduce its costs. ‘‘(6) The value of the mail service actually provided by each class or type of mail service to both the sender and the recipient, includ-ing the collection, mode of transportation, and priority of delivery. ‘‘(7) The requirement that each class of mail or type of mail service bear the direct and indirect postal costs attributable to each class or type of mail service through reliably identified causal relationships plus that por-tion of all other costs of the Postal Service reasonably assignable to such class or type. ‘‘(8) The degree of preparation of mail for delivery into the postal system performed by the mailer and its effect upon improving effi-ciency and reducing costs to the Postal Serv-ice. ‘‘(9) Simplicity of structure for the entire schedule and simple, identifiable relation-ships between the rates or fees charged the various classes of mail for postal services. ‘‘(10) The importance of pricing flexibility to encourage increased mail volume and operational efficiency. ‘‘(11) The relative value to postal users of the kinds of mail matter entered into the postal system and the desirability and jus-tification for special classifications and serv-ices of mail. ‘‘(12) The importance of providing classi-fications with extremely high degrees of reli-ability and speed of delivery and of providing those that do not require high degrees of re-liability and speed of delivery. ‘‘(13) The desirability of special classifica-tions for both postal users and the Postal Service in accordance with the policies of this title, including agreements between the Postal Service and postal users, when avail-able on public and reasonable terms to simi-larly situated mailers, that— ‘‘(A) improve the net financial position of the Postal Service by reducing Postal Serv-ice costs or increasing the overall contribu-tion to the institutional costs of the Postal Service; and ‘‘(B) do not cause— ‘‘(i) unfair competitive advantage for the Postal Service or postal users eligible for the agreements; or ‘‘(ii) unreasonable disruption to the vol-ume or revenues of other postal users. ‘‘(14) The educational, cultural, scientific, and informational value to the recipient of mail matter. ‘‘(15) The need for the Postal Service to in-crease its efficiency and reduce its costs, in-cluding infrastructure costs, to help main-tain high quality, affordable postal services. ‘‘(16) The value to the Postal Service and postal users of promoting intelligent mail and of secure, sender-identified mail. ‘‘(17) The importance of stability and pre-dictability of rates to ratepayers. ‘‘(18) The policies of this title as well as such other factors as the Commission deter-mines appropriate.’’. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Section 3622(d) of title 39, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (E) as subparagraphs (C) through (F), respectively; (ii) in subparagraph (F) (as redesignated by clause (i)) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (A) and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) and (D)’’; and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (4), establish postal rates for each group of functionally equivalent agreements between the Postal Service and users of the mail that— ‘‘(i) cover attributable cost; ‘‘(ii) improve the net financial position of the Postal Service; and ‘‘(iii) do not cause unreasonable disruption in the marketplace, consistent with sub-section (c)(13)(B);’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) G
ROUP OF FUNCTIONALLY EQUIVALENT  
AGREEMENTS DEFINED .—For purposes of para-graph (1)(B), a group of functionally equiva-lent agreements shall consist of all service agreements that are functionally equivalent to each other within the same market-domi-nant product, but shall not include agree-ments within an experimental product.’’. (4) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 3622 of title 39, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘, within 18 months after the date of enactment of this section,’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1)(D) (as redesignated by paragraph (3)(A)), by striking ‘‘(c)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(c)(13)’’. (b) U
SE OF NEGOTIATED SERVICE AGREE -
MENTS .— (1) S
TREAMLINED REVIEW OF QUALIFYING  
SERVICE AGREEMENTS FOR COMPETITIVE PROD -
UCTS.—Section 3633 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
TREAMLINED REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, after notice and opportunity for comment, the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion shall promulgate (and may from time to time thereafter revise) regulations for streamlined after-the-fact review of newly proposed agreements between the Postal Service and users of the mail that provide rates not of general applicability for com-petitive products. Streamlined review shall apply only if agreements are functionally equivalent to existing agreements that have collectively covered attributable costs and collectively improved the net financial posi-tion of the Postal Service. The regulations issued under this subsection shall provide that streamlined review shall be concluded not later than 5 business days after the date on which the agreement is filed with the Commission and shall be limited to approval or disapproval of the agreement as a whole based on the Commission’s determination of its functional equivalence. Agreements not approved may be resubmitted without preju-dice under section 3632.’’. (2) S
UBMISSION OF SERVICE AGREEMENTS FOR  
STREAMLINED REVIEW .—Section 3632(b) of title 39, United States Code, is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) R
ATES FOR STREAMLINED REVIEW .—In the case of rates not of general applicability for competitive products that the Postal Service considers eligible for streamlined re-view under section 3633(c), the Postal Service shall cause the agreement to be filed with the Postal Regulatory Commission by a date that is on or before the effective date of any new rate established under the agreement, as the Postal Service considers appropriate.’’. (3) T
RANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY FOR  
SERVICE AGREEMENTS .— (A) C
ERTAIN INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE  
INCLUDED IN DETERMINATIONS OF COMPLI -
ANCE .—Section 3653 of title 39, United States Code, is amended— (i) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), and (e) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respec-tively; and (ii) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: ‘‘(c) W
RITTEN DETERMINATION .—Each an- nual written determination of the Commis-sion under this section shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—For each group of functionally equivalent agreements between the Postal Service and users of the mail, whether such group fulfilled requirements to— ‘‘(A) cover costs attributable; and ‘‘(B) improve the net financial position of the Postal Service. ‘‘(2) N
ONCOMPLIANCE .—Any group of func-tionally equivalent agreements not meeting the requirements under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) shall be determined to be in noncompliance under this sub-section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5287 July 24, 2018 
‘‘(3) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-section, a group of functionally equivalent agreements shall consist of 1 or more service agreements that are functionally equivalent to each other within the same market-domi-nant or competitive product, but shall not include agreements within an experimental product.’’. (B) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 3653(d) of title 39, United States Code (as re-designated by subparagraph (A)), is amended by striking ‘‘subsections (c) and (e)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsections (c) and (d)’’. 
SEC. 943. NONPOSTAL SERVICES. 
(a) N ONPOSTAL SERVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part IV of title 39, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 36 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 37—NONPOSTAL SERVICES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3701. Purpose. ‘‘3702. Definitions. ‘‘3703. Postal Service program for State gov-ernments. ‘‘3704. Postal Service program for other Gov-ernment agencies. ‘‘3705. Transparency and accountability for nonpostal services. ‘‘§ 3701. Purpose ‘‘The purpose of this chapter is to enable the Postal Service to increase its net reve-nues through specific nonpostal products and services that are expressly authorized by this chapter. Postal Service revenues and ex-penses under this chapter shall be funded through the Postal Service Fund. ‘‘§ 3702. Definitions ‘‘In this chapter— ‘‘(1) the term ‘attributable costs’ has the meaning given the term ‘costs attributable’ in section 3631; ‘‘(2) the term ‘nonpostal service’ means a service offered by the Postal Service that— ‘‘(A) is expressly authorized under this chapter; and ‘‘(B) is not a postal product or service; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘year’ means a fiscal year. ‘‘§ 3703. Postal Service program for State gov-ernments ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this title, the Postal Serv-ice may establish a program to enter into agreements with an agency of any State gov-ernment, local government, or tribal govern-ment to provide property and services on be-half of such agencies for non-commercial products and services (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘program’), but only if such prop-erty and services— ‘‘(1) provide enhanced value to the public, such as by lowering the cost or raising the quality of such services or by making such services more accessible; ‘‘(2) do not interfere with or detract from the value of postal services, including— ‘‘(A) the cost and efficiency of postal serv-ices; and ‘‘(B) unreasonably restricting access to postal retail service, such as customer wait-ing time and access to parking; and ‘‘(3) provide a reasonable contribution to the institutional costs of the Postal Service, defined as reimbursement that covers at least 100 percent of attributable costs of all property and services provided under each relevant agreement in each year. ‘‘(b) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—At least 90 days be-fore offering a service under the program, the Postal Service shall make available to the public on its website— ‘‘(1) the agreement with the agency regard-ing such service; and ‘‘(2) a business plan that describes the spe-cific service to be provided, the enhanced value to the public, terms of reimbursement, the estimated annual reimbursement to the Postal Service, and the estimated percentage of attributable Postal Service costs that will be covered by reimbursement (with docu-mentation to support the estimates). ‘‘(c) PUBLIC COMMENT .—Before offering a service under the program, the Postal Serv-ice shall provide for a public comment period of at least 30 days that allows the public to post comments relating to the provision of such services on the Postal Service website. The Postal Service shall make reasonable ef-forts to provide written responses to the comments on such website at least 30 days before offering such services. ‘‘(d) A
PPROVAL REQUIRED .—The Postal Service may not establish the program un-less a majority of the Governors in office vote to approve the program by a recorded vote that is publicly disclosed on the Postal Service website. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—For purposes of the reporting re-quirements under section 3705, the Postal Service shall submit a separate report for each agreement with an agency entered into under subsection (a) of this section analyzing the costs, revenues, rates, and quality of service for the provision of all services under such agreement, including information dem-onstrating that the agreement satisfies the requirements of paragraphs (1) through (3) of such subsection (a). ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—The Postal Regulatory Commission shall issue such reg-ulations as are necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purpose of this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘local government’ means a county, municipality, city, town, township, local public authority, school district, spe-cial district, intrastate district, council of governments, or regional or interstate gov-ernment entity; ‘‘(2) the term ‘State government’ includes the government of the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, Amer-ican Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any other ter-ritory or possession of the United States; ‘‘(3) the term ‘tribal government’ means the government of an Indian tribe, as that term is defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304); and ‘‘(4) the term ‘United States’, when used in a geographical sense, means the States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any other territory or possession of the United States. ‘‘(h) C
ONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION .—Sub- section (b) or (c) shall not be construed as re-quiring the Postal Service to disclose to the public any information— ‘‘(1) described in section 410(c); or ‘‘(2) exempt from public disclosure under section 552(b) of title 5. ‘‘§ 3704. Postal Service program for other Government agencies ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Postal Service may establish a program to provide property and services to other Government agencies with-in the meaning of section 411, but only if the program provides a reasonable contribution to the institutional costs of the Postal Serv-ice, defined as reimbursement by each agen-cy that covers at least 100 percent of the at-tributable costs of all property and service provided by the Postal Service in each year to such agency. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—For purposes of the reporting re-quirements under section 3705, the Postal Service shall submit a separate report for each agreement with an agency entered into under subsection (a) of this section analyzing the costs, revenues, rates, and quality of service for the provision of all services under such agreement, including information dem-onstrating that the agreement satisfies the requirements of such subsection (a). ‘‘§ 3705. Transparency and accountability for nonpostal services ‘‘(a) ANNUAL REPORT TO THE COMMISSION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the last day of each year, the Postal Service shall submit to the Postal Regu-latory Commission a report that analyzes costs, revenues, rates, and quality of service for each agreement for the provision of prop-erty and services under this chapter, using such methodologies as the Commission may prescribe, and in sufficient detail to dem-onstrate compliance with the requirements of this chapter. ‘‘(2) S
UPPORTING MATTER .—A report sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall include any nonpublic annex, the working papers, and any other supporting matter of the Postal Service and the Inspector General related to the information submitted in such report. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENT AND FORM OF REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Postal Regulatory Commission shall, by regulation, prescribe the content and form of the report required under subsection (a). In prescribing such reg-ulations, the Commission shall give due con-sideration to— ‘‘(A) providing the public with timely, ade-quate information to assess compliance; ‘‘(B) avoiding unnecessary or unwarranted administrative effort and expense on the part of the Postal Service; and ‘‘(C) protecting the confidentiality of in-formation that is commercially sensitive or is exempt from public disclosure under sec-tion 552(b) of title 5. ‘‘(2) R
EVISED REQUIREMENTS .—The Commis-sion may, on its own motion or on request of any interested party, initiate proceedings to improve the quality, accuracy, or complete-ness of Postal Service data required by the Commission if— ‘‘(A) the attribution of costs or revenues to property or services under this chapter has become significantly inaccurate or can be significantly improved; ‘‘(B) the quality of service data provided to the Commission for a report under this chap-ter has become significantly inaccurate or can be significantly improved; or ‘‘(C) such revisions are, in the judgment of the Commission, otherwise necessitated by the public interest. ‘‘(c) A
UDITS .—The Inspector General shall regularly audit the data collection systems and procedures used in collecting informa-tion and preparing the report required under subsection (a). The results of any such audit shall be submitted to the Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission. ‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Postal Service de-termines that any document or portion of a document, or other matter, which it provides to the Postal Regulatory Commission in a nonpublic annex under this section contains information that is described in section 410(c) or exempt from public disclosure under section 552(b) of title 5, the Postal Service shall, at the time of providing such matter to the Commission, notify the Commission of its determination, in writing, and describe with particularity the documents (or por-tions of documents) or other matter for which confidentiality is sought and the rea-sons therefor. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—Any information or other matter described in paragraph (1) to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5288 July 24, 2018 
which the Commission gains access under this section shall be subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 504(g) in the same manner as if the Commission had received notifica-tion with respect to such matter under sec-tion 504(g)(1). ‘‘(e) A
NNUAL COMPLIANCE DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) O
PPORTUNITY FOR PUBLIC COMMENT .— Upon receiving a report required under sub-section (a), the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion shall promptly— ‘‘(A) provide an opportunity for comment on such report by any interested party; and ‘‘(B) appoint an officer of the Commission to represent the interests of the general pub-lic. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF COMPLIANCE OR NON -
COMPLIANCE .—Not later than 90 days after re-ceiving a report required under subsection (a), the Postal Regulatory Commission shall make a written determination as to whether the nonpostal activities carried out during the applicable year were or were not in com-pliance with the provisions of this chapter. For purposes of this paragraph, any case in which the requirements for coverage of at-tributable costs have not been met shall be considered to be a case of noncompliance. If, with respect to a year, no instance of non-compliance is found to have occurred, the de-termination shall be to that effect. Such de-termination of noncompliance shall be in-cluded with the annual compliance deter-mination required under section 3653. ‘‘(3) N
ONCOMPLIANCE .—If a timely written determination of noncompliance is made under paragraph (2), the Postal Regulatory Commission shall take appropriate action. If the requirements for coverage of attrib-utable costs specified by this chapter are not met, the Commission shall, within 60 days after the determination, prescribe remedial action to restore compliance as soon as prac-ticable, including the full restoration of rev-enue shortfalls during the following year. The Commission may order the Postal Serv-ice to discontinue a nonpostal service under section 3703 that persistently fails to meet cost coverage requirements. ‘‘(4) D
ELIBERATE NONCOMPLIANCE .—In the case of deliberate noncompliance by the Postal Service with the requirements of this chapter, the Postal Regulatory Commission may order, based on the nature, cir-cumstances, extent, and seriousness of the noncompliance, a fine (in the amount speci-fied by the Commission in its order) for each incidence of such noncompliance. All re-ceipts from fines imposed under this sub-section shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—The Postal Regulatory Commission shall issue such reg-ulations as are necessary to carry out this section.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for part IV of title 39, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 36 the following: ‘‘37. Nonpostal services......................3701’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION 404 .—Section 404(e) of title 39, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting after ‘‘subsection’’ the following: ‘‘, or any non-postal products or services authorized by chapter 37’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) Licensing which, before the date of en-actment of this paragraph, has been author-ized by the Postal Regulatory Commission for continuation as a nonpostal service may not be used for any purpose other than— ‘‘(A) to continue to provide licensed mail-ing, shipping, or stationery supplies offered as of June 23, 2011; or ‘‘(B) to license other goods, products, or services, the primary purpose of which is to promote and enhance the image or brand of the Postal Service. ‘‘(7) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to prevent the Postal Service from es-tablishing nonpostal products and services that are expressly authorized by chapter 37.’’. (2) SECTION 411 .—The last sentence of sec-tion 411 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘including reimbursability’’ and inserting ‘‘including reimbursability within the limitations of chapter 37’’. (3) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING NONPOSTAL  
SERVICES .—All individual nonpostal services, provided directly or through licensing, that are continued pursuant to section 404(e) of title 39, United States Code, shall be consid-ered to be expressly authorized by chapter 37 of such title (as added by subsection (a)(1)) and shall be subject to the requirements of such chapter. 
SEC. 944. SHIPPING OF WINE, BEER, AND DIS-TILLED SPIRITS. 
(a) M AILABILITY .— (1) N
ONMAILABLE ARTICLES .—Section 1716(f) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘mails’’ and inserting ‘‘mails, ex-cept to the extent that the mailing is allow-able under section 3001(p) of title 39’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF LAWS .—Section 1161 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, and, with respect to the mailing of distilled spirits, wine, or malt beverages (as those terms are defined in section 117 of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act (27 U.S.C. 211)), is in conformity with section 3001(p) of title 39’’ after ‘‘Register’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 3001 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p)(1) In this subsection, the terms ‘dis-tilled spirits’, ‘wine’, and ‘malt beverage’ have the same meanings as in section 117 of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act (27 U.S.C. 211). ‘‘(2) Distilled spirits, wine, or malt bev-erages shall be considered mailable if mailed— ‘‘(A) in accordance with the laws and regu-lations of— ‘‘(i) the State, territory, or district of the United States where the sender or duly au-thorized agent initiates the mailing; and ‘‘(ii) the State, territory, or district of the United States where the addressee or duly authorized agent takes delivery; and ‘‘(B) to an addressee who is at least 21 years of age— ‘‘(i) who provides a signature and presents a valid, government-issued photo identifica-tion upon delivery; or ‘‘(ii) the duly authorized agent of whom— ‘‘(I) is at least 21 years of age; and ‘‘(II) provides a signature and presents a valid, government-issued photo identifica-tion upon delivery. ‘‘(3) The Postal Service shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out this subsection.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the earlier of— (1) the date on which the Postal Service issues regulations under section 3001(p) of title 39, United States Code, as amended by this section; and (2) the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (d) N
OPREEMPTION OF STATE , LOCAL , OR T
RIBAL LAWS PROHIBITING DELIVERIES , SHIP-
MENTS , ORSALES .—Nothing in this section, the amendments made by this section, or any regulation promulgated under this sec-tion or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to preempt, supersede, or otherwise limit or restrict any State, local, or tribal law that prohibits or regulates the delivery, shipment, or sale of distilled spir-its, wine, or malt beverages (as those terms are defined in section 117 of the Federal Al-cohol Administration Act (27 U.S.C. 211)). SEC. 945. EFFICIENT AND FLEXIBLE UNIVERSAL POSTAL SERVICE. 
(a) C ONDITIONS REGARDING DETERMINATIONS  
FORPOSTOFFICE CLOSINGS .—Clause (i) of sec-tion 404(d)(2)(A) of title 39, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) the effect of such closing or consolida-tion on the community served by such post office, including through an analysis of— ‘‘(I) the distance (as measured by public roads) to the closest postal retail facility not proposed for closing or consolidation under the determination; ‘‘(II) the characteristics of such location, including weather and terrain; ‘‘(III) whether commercial mobile service (as defined in section 332 of the Communica-tions Act of 1934) and commercial mobile data service (as defined in section 6001 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012) are available in at least 80 per-cent of the total geographic area of the ZIP codes served by the postal retail facility pro-posed for closing or consolidation; and ‘‘(IV) whether fixed broadband Internet ac-cess service is available to households in at least 80 percent of such geographic area at speeds not less than those sufficient for serv-ice to be considered broadband for purposes of the most recent report of the Federal Communications Commission under section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (47 U.S.C. 1302);’’. (b) PRC R
EVIEW OF DETERMINATIONS TO  C
LOSE OR CONSOLIDATE A POSTOFFICE .— (1) D
EADLINE FOR REVIEW .—Section 404(d)(5) title 39, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘120 days’’ and inserting ‘‘60 days, or a longer period for good cause shown but in no event longer than 120 days,’’. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to an appeal received by the Commission be-fore the date of enactment of this Act (as de-termined by applying the rules set forth in section 404(d)(6) of such title). (c) E
XPEDITED PROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3661 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d)(1) The Commission shall issue its opinion within 90 days, or a longer period for good cause shown but in no event longer than 120 days, after the receipt of any pro-posal (as referred to in subsection (b)) con-cerning an identical or substantially iden-tical proposal on which the Commission has issued an opinion within the preceding 5 years. ‘‘(2) If necessary in order to comply with the 90-day requirement under paragraph (1), the Commission may apply expedited proce-dures which the Commission shall by regula-tion prescribe.’’. (2) R
EGULATIONS .—The Commission shall prescribe any regulations necessary to carry out the amendment made by paragraph (1) within 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply with respect to any proposal received by the Commission on or after the earlier of— (A) the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act; or (B) the effective date of the regulations prescribed under paragraph (2). (d) A
LTERNATE POSTAL ACCESS CHOICE .— Section 404(d) of title 39, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and in-serting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5289 July 24, 2018 
‘‘(1) Prior to making a determination under subsection (a)(3) as to the necessity for the closing or consolidation of a post office— ‘‘(A) the Postal Service shall provide ade-quate notice of its intention to close or con-solidate the post office not later than 60 days before the proposed date of the closing or consolidation to postal patrons served by the post office; ‘‘(B) the Postal Service shall conduct a nonbinding survey on the proposed closing or consolidation to allow postal patrons served by the post office an opportunity to indicate their preference between or among— ‘‘(i) the closing or consolidation; and ‘‘(ii) 1 or more alternative options; and ‘‘(C) if the Postal Service determines that closing or consolidating the post office is necessary— ‘‘(i) the Postal Service shall endeavor to provide alternative access to postal services to the postal patrons served by the post of-fice by the option chosen by the highest number of survey respondents under sub-paragraph (B)(ii); and ‘‘(ii) if the Postal Service is unable to pro-vide alternative access through the option identified under clause (i), or if that option is cost prohibitive— ‘‘(I) the Postal Service may provide alter-native access through a different method; and ‘‘(II) upon selecting an alternative access method other than the option identified under clause (i), the Postal Service shall pro-vide written notice to the postal patrons served by the post office identifying the al-ternative access method and explaining why the option identified under clause (i) was not possible or was cost prohibitive.’’. (e) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROCEDURES RELAT -
ING TO CLOSINGS AND CONSOLIDATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 404(d) of title 39, United States Code, as amended by this sec-tion, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘post office’ means a post office and any other postal retail facility, as defined in sec-tion 903 of the Postal Service Reform Act of 2018.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—In the case of any post office, as defined in subsection (d) of section 404 of title 39, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1), that, but for that amendment, would not otherwise be subject to such subsection (d), the amendments made by subsections (a) and (d) of this sec-tion shall be effective with respect to any closure or consolidation, the proposed effec-tive date of which occurs on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (f) E
NHANCED REPORTING ON POSTAL SERV-
ICEEFFICIENCY .—Section 3652(a) of title 39, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) which shall provide the overall change in Postal Service productivity and the re-sulting effect of such change on overall Post-al Service costs during such year, using such methodologies as the Commission shall by regulation prescribe, if necessary.’’. (g) POSTP
LANSTUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Postal Service shall conduct a 1-year review of the impacts of the POSTPlan post office restruc-turing plan on Postal Service expenses, rev-enue, and retail service provision. (2) CONTENT .—In conducting the review under paragraph (1), the Inspector General shall examine— (A) changes in the costs for the provision of Postal Service operated retail service, both nationwide and in the aggregate for each of the Level 2, Level 4, Level 6, and Level 18 post offices for which the hours, functions, or responsibilities changed as a re-sult of the POSTPlan initiative before and after the implementation of the POSTPlan initiative; (B) changes in revenue received by Postal Service operated retail service, both nation-wide and in the aggregate for each of the Level 2, Level 4, Level 6, and Level 18 post of-fices for which the hours, functions, or re-sponsibilities changed as a result of the POSTPlan initiative before and after the im-plementation of the POSTPlan initiative; (C) a determination of the relative cost savings, taking into account any changes in revenue earned, realized on an annual basis for Level 2, Level 4, Level 6, and Level 18 of-fices each in the aggregate and any trends in such cost savings; (D) the relative impact on retail access to postal services for individuals served by Level 2, Level 4, Level 6, and Level 18 offices each in the aggregate; and (E) any other factors the Inspector General determines appropriate. (3) R
EPORT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—Upon completion of the review required under paragraph (1), the Inspector General shall submit to the Postal Service, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a report con-taining— (A) the results of the review; and (B) any recommendations resulting from such review. (4) P
OSTAL SERVICE REVIEW .—Prior to any hour changes or consolidation decisions re-lated to POSTPlan initiative-impacted post offices, the Postal Service shall— (A) review the report and any rec-ommendations submitted pursuant to para-graph (3); and (B) revise any planned efforts regarding the POSTPlan initiative, as appropriate. 
SEC. 946. FAIR STAMP-EVIDENCING COMPETI-TION. 
Section 404a(a) of title 39, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) offer to the public any postage-evi-dencing product or service that does not comply with any rule or regulation that would be applicable to such product or serv-ice if the product or service were offered by a private company.’’. 
SEC. 947. MARKET-DOMINANT RATES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF RATE BASELINE .— Notwithstanding any order of the Commis-sion to the contrary— (1) not earlier than the first Sunday after the date of enactment of this Act, on a date selected by the Postmaster General in the exercise of the Postmaster General’s unreviewable discretion, the Postal Service shall reinstate, as nearly as is practicable, 50 percent of the rate surcharge implemented under section 3622(d)(1)(F) (as redesignated by this title) that was in effect on April 9, 2016; and (2) the partially reinstated surcharge rein-stated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be considered a part of the rate base for pur-poses of determining the percentage changes in rates when the Postal Service files a no-tice of rate adjustment. (b) SUBSEQUENT RATEINCREASES .—The re- instatement described under subsection (a)(1) may not affect the calculation of the Postal Service’s maximum rate adjustment authority under subpart C of part 3010 of title 39, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation), for purposes of any rate increase that occurs following such re-instatement. (c) C
OMMISSION REVIEW OF SYSTEM FOR  R
EGULATING RATES AND CLASSES FOR MAR-
KET-DOMINANT PRODUCTS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘initial rate regulation re-view’’ means the proceeding conducted under the order of the Commission entitled, ‘‘Stat-utory Review of the System for Regulating Market Dominant Rates and Classifications’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 9507 (December 20, 2016)); and (B) the term ‘‘underwater product’’ means a market-dominant class, product, or type of mail service that does not bear the direct and indirect costs attributable to that class, product, or type of mail service under cur-rent costing procedures. (2) U
NDERWATER PRODUCTS STUDY .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Commission, without delaying completion of the initial rate regu-lation review, shall begin a study, in con-junction with the Inspector General of the Postal Service and including notice and op-portunity for public comment, to— (A) determine whether and to what extent any market-dominant classes, products, or types of mail service are underwater prod-ucts; (B) quantify the impact of any operational decisions of the Postal Service on the direct and indirect costs attributable to any under-water products identified under subpara-graph (A); and (C) determine whether any operational de-cisions of the Postal Service have caused any direct or indirect costs to be inappropriately attributed to any underwater product identi-fied under subparagraph (A). (3) A
DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (4), the Commission shall supple-ment and modify, as appropriate, the record of proceedings in the initial rate regulation review, taking into account the provisions of this title and the amendments made by this title, before making a determination to— (i) modify the system for regulating rates and classes for market-dominant products established under section 3622 of title 39, United States Code; or (ii) adopt an alternative system for regu-lating rates and classes for market-dominant products. (B) M
INIMUM CONSIDERATIONS .—In supplementing or modifying the record under subparagraph (A)— (i) the Commission shall, at a minimum, recalculate the projected liabilities of the Postal Service by reason of the requirements under section 8903c(e) of title 5, United States Code (as added by section 921(a)(1) of this title) (requiring Medicare-eligible postal annuitants enrolled in the Postal Service Health Benefits Program to also enroll in Medicare); and (ii) if the Commission determines that other provisions of this title or the amend-ments made by this title reduce liabilities or increase revenues of the Postal Service, the Commission shall incorporate those changes into the calculations of the Commission. (C) C
ONSIDERATION OF UNDERWATER PROD -
UCTS STUDY .—After completing any sup-plementation and modification of the record under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph and quantifying the impact of operational decisions under paragraph (2)(B), the Com-mission shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5290 July 24, 2018 
(i) take into account the impact quantified under paragraph (2)(B) and modify, if appro-priate, the record under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph; (ii) incorporate the findings of the study under paragraph (2) into any subsequent ad-justment to rates for underwater products identified under subparagraph (A) of that paragraph; and (iii)(I) account for the cultural and infor-mational value that underwater products identified under paragraph (2)(A) have to the mail; and (II) recognize that— (aa) the services provided by the Postal Service have changed over time; and (bb) the timely delivery of the underwater products identified under paragraph (2)(A) impacts the overall value of those products. (4) S
UBSEQUENT REVIEW REQUIRED IF INITIAL  
REVIEW COMPLETED BEFORE ENACTMENT .—If, on or before the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission completes the initial rate regulation review, the Commission— (A) shall determine whether to— (i) further modify the system for regu-lating rates and classes for market-dominant products established under section 3622 of title 39, United States Code; or (ii) adopt an alternative system for regu-lating rates and classes for market-dominant products; and (B) in making the determination under subparagraph (A), shall— (i) take into account the provisions of this title and the amendments made by this title; (ii) comply with the requirements under clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (3)(B); and (iii) take into account, and incorporate into any adjustment to rates for underwater products identified under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (2), the impact quantified under subparagraph (B) of that paragraph. (5) A
PPLICATION OF NEW RATES TO UNDER -
WATER PRODUCTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Commission modi-fies the system for regulating rates and classes for market-dominant products estab-lished under section 3622 of title 39, United States Code, or adopts an alternative system for regulating rates and classes for market- dominant products, the Commission— (i) may not apply any new rates under the modified or alternative system to under-water products until the Commission has— (I) completed the study under paragraph (2); and (II) complied with subparagraph (C) of paragraph (3); and (ii) in order to offer as many underwater products as possible for as long as possible, shall establish a process to gradually phase in the application of any new rates to under-water products. (B) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICABILITY .—If, before the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission modifies the system for regulating rates and classes for market-dominant prod-ucts established under section 3622 of title 39, United States Code, or adopts an alternative system for regulating rates and classes for market-dominant products, the Commis-sion— (i) shall, effective 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, apply the rates for underwater products that were in effect on the day before the date on which the modi-fied or alternative system took effect; and (ii) before applying the rates under the modified or alternative system to under-water products, shall comply with subpara-graph (A). (C) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to affect the requirement under subsection (a) relat-ing to reinstatement of the rate surcharge that was in effect on April 9, 2016, including with respect to underwater products. (d) POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION AU-
THORITY NOTAFFECTED .—Nothing in this sec-tion (other than subsection (c)) shall be con-strued as affecting the authority of the Com-mission to, by regulation, make such modi-fication or adopt such alternative system for regulating rates and classes for market-dom-inant products as provided under section 3622 of title 39, United States Code. 
SEC. 948. REVIEW OF POSTAL SERVICE COST AT-TRIBUTION GUIDELINES. 
Not later than April 1, 2020, the Commis-sion shall initiate a review of the regulations issued pursuant to sections 3633(a) and 3652(a)(1) of title 39, United States Code, to determine whether revisions are appropriate to ensure that all direct and indirect costs attributable to competitive and market- dominant products are properly attributed to those products, including by considering the underlying methodologies in deter-mining cost attribution and considering op-tions to revise such methodologies. If the Commission determines, after notice and op-portunity for public comment, that revisions are appropriate, the Commission shall make modifications or adopt alternative meth-odologies as necessary. 
SEC. 949. AVIATION SECURITY FOR PARCELS. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Postal Service shall transmit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate the re-sults of a review of the security measures in place for parcels carried on air carriers to domestic and international destinations for which audit trails are generated. The review required under this subsection shall assess, at a minimum— (1) the effectiveness of the audit trail cre-ated by postage evidencing systems that have been validated under the Federal Infor-mation Processing Standards in accurately and consistently identifying the senders of parcels carried on air carriers; (2) the effectiveness of the Postal Service’s in-person identity verification procedures in accurately and consistently identifying the senders of parcels carried on air carriers; and (3) the effectiveness of the audit trail gen-erated by customs declarations in accurately and consistently identifying the senders of parcels carried on air carriers to inter-national destinations. 
SEC. 950. LONG-TERM SOLVENCY PLAN; ANNUAL FINANCIAL PLAN AND BUDGET. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Board of Governors’’ means the Board of Governors of the Postal Service; (2) the term ‘‘long-term solvency plan’’ means the plan required to be submitted by the Postmaster General under subsection (b)(1); and (3) the term ‘‘solvency’’ means the ability of the Postal Service to pay debts and meet expenses, including the ability to perform maintenance and repairs, make investments, and maintain financial reserves, as necessary to fulfill the requirements under, and com-ply with the policies of, title 39, United States Code, and other obligations of the Postal Service. (b) P
LAN FOR THE LONG-TERM SOLVENCY OF  
THEPOSTAL SERVICE .— (1) S
OLVENCY PLAN REQUIRED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the date described in subparagraph (B), the Post-master General shall submit to the Board of Governors a plan describing the actions the Postal Service intends to take to achieve long-term solvency. (B) D
ATE.—The date described in this sub-paragraph is the later of— (i) the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act; and (ii) the earliest date as of which the Board of Governors has the number of members re-quired for a quorum. (2) CONSIDERATIONS .—The long-term sol-vency plan shall take into account— (A) the legal authority of the Postal Serv-ice; (B) changes in the legal authority and re-sponsibilities of the Postal Service under this title and the amendments made by this title; (C) projected changes in mail volume; (D) the impact of any regulations that the Postal Service is required to promulgate under Federal law; (E) projected changes in the number of em-ployees needed to carry out the responsibil-ities of the Postal Service; (F) the long-term capital needs of the Post-al Service, including the need to maintain, repair, and replace facilities and equipment; and (G) the distinctions between market-domi-nant and competitive products. (3) R
EVIEW AND SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS  
AND COMMISSION .— (A) R
EVIEW .—Upon receipt of the long-term solvency plan, the Board of Governors shall review the long-term solvency plan and may request that the Postmaster General make changes to the long-term solvency plan. (B) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS AND COMMIS -
SION.—Not later than 60 days after initial re-ceipt of the long-term solvency plan, the Board of Governors shall provide a copy of the long-term solvency plan, together with a letter indicating whether and in what re-spects the Board of Governors agrees or dis-agrees with the measures set out in the long- term solvency plan, to— (i) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; and (iii) the Commission. (4) U
PDATES .— (A) A
NNUAL UPDATES REQUIRED .—The Post-master General shall update and submit to the Board of Governors the long-term sol-vency plan not less frequently than annually for 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (B) R
EVIEW BY BOARD OF GOVERNORS .—The Board of Governors shall review and submit to Congress and the Commission the updates under this paragraph in accordance with paragraph (3). (c) A
NNUAL FINANCIAL PLAN AND BUDGET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For each of the first 5 full fiscal years after the date of enactment of this Act, not later than August 1 of the pre-ceding fiscal year, the Postmaster General shall submit to the Board of Governors a fi-nancial plan and budget for the fiscal year that is consistent with the goal of achieving the long-term solvency of the Postal Service. (2) C
ONTENTS OF FINANCIAL PLAN AND BUDG -
ET.—The financial plan and budget for a fis-cal year shall— (A) promote the financial stability of the Postal Service and provide for progress to-wards the long-term solvency of the Postal Service; (B) include the annual budget program of the Postal Service under section 2009 of title 39, United States Code, and the plan of the Postal Service commonly referred to as the ‘‘Integrated Financial Plan’’; (C) describe lump-sum expenditures by all categories traditionally used by the Postal Service; (D) describe capital expenditures, together with a schedule of projected capital commit-ments and cash outlays of the Postal Serv-ice, and proposed sources of funding; (E) contain estimates of overall debt (both outstanding and expected to be incurred); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5291 July 24, 2018 
(F) contain cash flow and liquidity fore-casts for the Postal Service at such intervals as the Board of Governors may require; (G) include a statement describing meth-ods of estimations and significant assump-tions; (H) distinguish between market-dominant and competitive products, as practicable; and (I) address any other issues that the Board of Governors considers appropriate. (3) P
ROCESS FOR SUBMISSION AND APPROVAL  
OF FINANCIAL PLAN AND BUDGET .— (A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘covered recipient’’ means— (i) the Postmaster General; (ii) the President; (iii) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (iv) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. (B) R
EVIEW BY THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receipt of a financial plan and budget under paragraph (1), the Board of Governors shall promptly review the financial plan and budget. (ii) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—In con- ducting the review under this subparagraph, the Board of Governors may request any ad-ditional information it considers necessary and appropriate to carry out the duties of the Board of Governors. (C) A
PPROVAL OF FINANCIAL PLAN AND BUDG -
ET SUBMITTED BY THE POSTMASTER GENERAL .— If the Board of Governors determines that the financial plan and budget for a fiscal year received under paragraph (1) meets the requirements under paragraph (2) and other-wise adequately addresses the financial situ-ation of the Postal Service— (i) the Board of Governors shall approve the financial plan and budget and submit a notice of approval to each covered recipient; and (ii) the Postmaster General shall submit the annual budget program for the relevant fiscal year to the Office of Management and Budget in accordance with section 2009 of title 39, United States Code. (D) D
ISAPPROVAL OF FINANCIAL PLAN AND  
BUDGET SUBMITTED BY THE POSTMASTER GEN -
ERAL .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Board of Governors determines that the financial plan and budg-et for a fiscal year under paragraph (1) does not meet the requirements under paragraph (2) or is otherwise inadequate in addressing the financial situation of the Postal Service, the Board of Governors shall— (I) disapprove the financial plan and budg-et; (II) submit to each covered recipient a statement that describes the reasons for the disapproval; (III) direct the Postmaster General to ap-propriately revise the financial plan and budget for the Postal Service; and (IV) submit the revised financial plan and budget to each covered recipient. (ii) S
UBMISSION TO OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT  
AND BUDGET .—Upon receipt of a revised fi-nancial plan and budget under clause (i)(IV), the Postmaster General shall submit the an-nual budget program for the relevant fiscal year to the Office of Management and Budg-et in accordance with section 2009 of title 39, United States Code. (E) D
EADLINE FOR TRANSMISSION OF FINAN -
CIAL PLAN AND BUDGET BY BOARD OF GOV -
ERNORS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this paragraph, not later than Sep-tember 30 of the fiscal year that precedes each fiscal year for which a financial plan and budget is required under paragraph (1), the Board of Governors shall submit to each covered recipient— (i) a notice of approval under subparagraph (C)(i); or (ii) an approved financial plan and budget for the fiscal year under subparagraph (D)(i)(IV). (F) REVISIONS TO FINANCIAL PLAN AND BUDG -
ET.— (i) P
ERMITTING POSTMASTER GENERAL TO  
SUBMIT REVISIONS .—The Postmaster General may submit proposed revisions to the finan-cial plan and budget for a fiscal year to the Board of Governors at any time during that fiscal year. (ii) P
ROCESS FOR REVIEW , APPROVAL , DIS-
APPROVAL , AND POSTMASTER GENERAL AC -
TION.—The procedures described in subpara-graphs (B) through (E) shall apply with re-spect to a proposed revision to a financial plan and budget in the same manner as such procedures apply with respect to the original financial plan and budget. (d) A
SSUMPTIONS BASED ON CURRENT LAW.— In preparing the long-term solvency plan or an annual financial plan and budget required under this section, the Postal Service shall base estimates of revenues and expenditures on Federal law as in effect at the time of the preparation of the long-term solvency plan or the financial plan and budget. (e) T
HIRD-PARTY ANALYSIS OF POSTAL  S
ERVICE FINANCES .—The Commission shall enter into a contract with 1 or more inde-pendent third parties under which the third party or parties, in not less than 2 years, shall— (1) complete a study that analyzes— (A) the finances of the Postal Service; (B) the finances of, and business trends in, the overall mailing industry; (C) the demand for market-dominant and competitive products and services in rural, urban, and suburban communities; and (D) revenue changes and cost savings of the Postal Service attributable to recent— (i) closings and consolidations of proc-essing plants, post offices, and other facili-ties; (ii) changes to service standards; and (iii) service performance; and (2) submit to the Commission a report on the study conducted under paragraph (1) that includes recommendations on affordable op-tions and timetables for improving postal operations and services, including— (A) how rural service measurement can be made more accurate to ensure that the Post-al Service comprehensively measures the mail service provided to each region of the United States, regardless of population size and geographic location; (B) the feasibility of restoring overnight service standards for market-dominant prod-ucts similar to the service standards that were in effect on July 1, 2012, including an examination of the resources needed, struc-tural and operational changes needed, and market demand for such a change; and (C) recommended definitions for the terms ‘‘rural’’ and ‘‘urban’’ for purposes of meas-uring the performance of the Postal Service relative to service standards under section 3691 of title 39, United States Code, as amended by section 950 of this title. 
SEC. 951. SERVICE STANDARDS, PERFORMANCE TARGETS, AND PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENTS. 
(a) S ERVICE STANDARDS , P ERFORMANCE  T
ARGETS , AND PERFORMANCE MEASURE -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3691 of title 39, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3691. Modern service standards, perform-ance targets, and performance measure-ments ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the terms ‘Area’ and ‘District’ mean the administrative field units established and given those designations by the Postal Service; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Commission’ means the Postal Regulatory Commission; ‘‘(3) the term ‘performance targets’ means the targets established by the Postal Service under subsection (e)(1)(A); ‘‘(4) the terms ‘rural’ and ‘urban’ have the meanings given those terms under regula-tions promulgated by the Commission under subsection (e)(2)(A); and ‘‘(5) the term ‘service standards’ means the service standards established by the Postal Service under subsection (b). ‘‘(b) AUTHORITY GENERALLY .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT ; REVISION .—The Postal Service shall by regulation establish (and may from time to time thereafter by regula-tion revise) a set of service standards for market-dominant products based on— ‘‘(A) the finances of the Postal Service; ‘‘(B) the ability of the Postal Service to meet the service standards; and ‘‘(C) the ability of Postal Service cus-tomers to receive fair and reliable service. ‘‘(2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—On the date on which the Postal Service requests an advi-sory opinion under section 3661 with respect to any regulation promulgated or revised under paragraph (1), the Postal Service shall notify Congress of the request and the pro-posed regulation or revision of a regulation. ‘‘(c) O
BJECTIVES .—The service standards shall be designed to achieve the following ob-jectives: ‘‘(1) To ensure that the Postal Service meets the universal service obligation, in-cluding the obligation to preserve regular and effective access to postal services in all communities, including those in rural areas or where post offices are not self-sustaining. ‘‘(2) To enhance the value of postal services to both senders and recipients. ‘‘(3) To assure Postal Service customers de-livery reliability, speed, and frequency con-sistent with reasonable rates and best busi-ness practices. ‘‘(4) To provide a system of objective per-formance measurements for each market- dominant product as a basis for measure-ment of Postal Service performance, in ac-cordance with subsection (e). ‘‘(d) F
ACTORS .—In establishing or revising the service standards, the Postal Service shall take into account— ‘‘(1) the actual level of service that Postal Service customers receive under any service guidelines previously established by the Postal Service or service standards estab-lished under this section; ‘‘(2) the degree of customer satisfaction with Postal Service performance in the ac-ceptance, processing, and delivery of mail; ‘‘(3) the needs of all Postal Service cus-tomers; ‘‘(4) mail volume and revenues projected for future years; ‘‘(5) the projected growth in the number of addresses the Postal Service will be required to serve in future years; ‘‘(6) the current and projected future cost of serving Postal Service customers; ‘‘(7) the effect of changes in technology, de-mographics, and population distribution on the efficient and reliable operation of the postal delivery system; ‘‘(8) the financial status of the Postal Serv-ice, including the status of any accrued un-funded liabilities or obligations; ‘‘(9) ensuring that the performance of the Postal Service is as strong as reasonably possible under the applicable circumstances, including the factors described in paragraphs (1) through (8); and ‘‘(10) the policies of this title and such other factors as the Postal Service deter-mines appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5292 July 24, 2018 
‘‘(e) P ERFORMANCE TARGETS , M EASURE -
MENTS , ANDPUBLICATION .— ‘‘(1) P
ERFORMANCE TARGETS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—Each year, the Post-al Service shall establish reasonable targets for performance to ensure that mail service for postal customers meets the service stand-ards for market-dominant products. ‘‘(B) C
OMPLIANCE DETERMINATION .—For pur- poses of section 3653(b)(2), the Commission shall evaluate the compliance of the Postal Service with the service standards for mar-ket-dominant products by reference to the performance targets. ‘‘(2) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS OF URBAN AND RURAL .— For purposes of measuring performance under the performance targets, the Commis-sion, in consultation with the Postal Serv-ice— ‘‘(i) shall promulgate regulations defining the terms— ‘‘(I) rural; and ‘‘(II) urban, which shall be defined by the Commission as any geographic area that is not defined as rural under subclause (I); and ‘‘(ii) in defining the terms under clause (i), shall consider— ‘‘(I) the recommendations of the report submitted to the Commission under section 950(e) of the Postal Service Reform Act of 2018; ‘‘(II) existing definitions of those terms that are in use by the Postal Service, the Federal Government, and other sources; and ‘‘(III) stakeholder input. ‘‘(B) P
ERFORMANCE REPORTING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Postal Service shall measure and report to the Commission on the performance of the Postal Service with respect to market-dominant products on a nationwide, Area, and District basis based on the performance targets, taking into consid-eration the Commission’s opinion on any proposed target, and in a manner that re-flects separate consideration of performance with respect to— ‘‘(I) rural customers; and ‘‘(II) urban customers. ‘‘(ii) C
OMMISSION REVIEW .—The Commission shall review and comment upon the perform-ance of the Postal Service as reported under clause (i). ‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Postal Service shall publish on the website of the Postal Service the perform-ance targets, the actual measurements under those targets, and the comments of the Com-mission under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(i) covering a period designated by the Commission, the length of which shall be not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) categorized in accordance with that paragraph. ‘‘(B) C
OMMERCIALLY SENSITIVE OR PROPRI -
ETARY INFORMATION .—To the extent that the Postal Service considers any information re-quired to be reported under subparagraph (A) to be commercially sensitive or proprietary in nature, the Commission shall determine the level of information that shall be pub-licly disclosed in accordance with section 504(g)(3)(A). ‘‘(f) R
EVIEW UPONCOMPLAINT .—The regula-tions promulgated pursuant to this section (and any revisions thereto), and any viola-tions thereof, shall be subject to review upon complaint under sections 3662 and 3663. ‘‘(g) N
ONCOMPLIANCE WITH PERFORMANCE  T
ARGETS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Postal Service fails to meet 1 or more performance tar-gets— ‘‘(A) subject to subparagraph (B), the Post-al Service shall develop a plan to make spe-cific operational corrections under the con-trol of the Postal Service that will cause the performance targets to be met as soon as is reasonably practicable, as determined by the Postal Service; and ‘‘(B) if the Postal Service makes best ef-forts to develop a plan described in subpara-graph (A) and determines that achieving compliance with the performance targets through such a plan would be impractical, would not be cost effective, and would not be in the best long-term interest of the Postal Service and its customers, the Postal Service shall make adjustments to the service stand-ards or performance targets. ‘‘(2) POSTAL SERVICE SUBMISSION OF PLAN .— Not later than 180 days after the date of non-compliance with a performance target, the Postal Service shall submit to the Commis-sion— ‘‘(A) the plan required under paragraph (1)(A); or ‘‘(B) a report explaining why the Postal Service is making an adjustment described in paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(3) C
OMMISSION CONSIDERATION OF POSTAL  
SERVICE PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission— ‘‘(i) shall review each plan or report sub-mitted by the Postal Service under para-graph (2); and ‘‘(ii) may make such recommendations as the Commission considers appropriate. ‘‘(B) P
OSTAL SERVICE RESPONSE .—If the Commission provides recommendations re-garding a plan or report to the Postal Serv-ice under subparagraph (A)(ii), the Postal Service shall— ‘‘(i) consider the recommendations; and ‘‘(ii) not later than 90 days after the date on which the Postal Service receives the rec-ommendations, submit a response to the Commission explaining the bases for any de-cision to accept or reject a recommendation. ‘‘(4) P
OSTAL SERVICE IMPLEMENTATION OF  
PLAN .—After developing a plan under para-graph (1)(A), the Postal Service shall— ‘‘(A) implement the plan; and ‘‘(B) in each report provided under section 3652, discuss— ‘‘(i) the implementation of the plan; ‘‘(ii) the extent to which the Postal Service is improving performance to meet the per-formance targets; and ‘‘(iii) if the performance targets subject to the plan are still not being met, whether— ‘‘(I) the plan remains sufficient to achieve compliance within a reasonably practicable period of time, and is therefore being main-tained; ‘‘(II) the plan is being revised; or ‘‘(III) the Postal Service has determined to make adjustments described in paragraph (1)(B) rather than continue with the plan. ‘‘(5) C
OMMISSION REVIEW OF IMPLEMENTA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In making the deter-mination required under section 3653, the Commission shall— ‘‘(i) review the implementation of each plan developed under paragraph (1)(A); and ‘‘(ii) make such recommendations as the Commission considers appropriate. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Postal Service shall consider any recommendations under subparagraph (A)(ii) in the same manner as provided under paragraph (3). ‘‘(h) P
ERIODIC REVIEW OF SERVICE STAND -
ARDS .—The Commission shall periodically— ‘‘(1) review the appropriateness of the serv-ice standards; and ‘‘(2) submit to Congress and the Postal Service a report on the review conducted under paragraph (1).’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 36 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 3691 and inserting the following: ‘‘3691. Modern service standards, perform-ance targets, and performance measurements.’’. (b) REVIEW OF NATIONWIDE SERVICE STAND -
ARD CHANGES .—Section 3661 of title 39, United States Code, as amended by section 945 of this title, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
HANGES RELATING TO MARKET -DOMI-
NANT PRODUCTS .— ‘‘(1) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Upon a request by the Postal Service for an advisory opinion from the Commission under sub-section (b) relating to a nationwide or sub-stantially nationwide change in service standards for the delivery of market-domi-nant products, including when the Postal Service establishes new performance targets under section 3691(e), the Inspector General shall, not later than 90 days after the sub-mission of the request— ‘‘(A) conduct a review of the proposal to determine whether— ‘‘(i) the Postal Service formulated the pro-posal based on accurate data; ‘‘(ii) the Postal Service followed appro-priate policies and procedures of the Postal Service in formulating the proposal; and ‘‘(iii) the proposal prioritizes the needs of the postal customer; and ‘‘(B) submit a report on the review con-ducted under subparagraph (A) to— ‘‘(i) the Postal Service; ‘‘(ii) the Commission; ‘‘(iii) the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(iv) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(2) C
OMMISSION REVIEW .—Not earlier than 30 days after the date on which the Inspector General submits a report on a proposal to the Commission under paragraph (1), the Commission shall issue its opinion on the proposal.’’. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the report is submitted to the Commission under section 950(e)(2) of this title, the Commission shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) a determination as to whether the serv-ice standards for market-dominant products in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act achieve the objectives and factors set forth under section 3691 of title 39, United States Code, as amended by this section; and (2) recommendations as to how delivery service to postal customers could be im-proved based on the financial condition of the Postal Service. (d) T
EMPORARY FLOOR FOR SERVICE STAND -
ARDS .—The Postal Service may not revise the service standards for market-dominant products in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act in a manner that lengthens delivery times before the date on which the report is submitted to the Com-mission under section 950(e)(2) of this title. 
SEC. 952. POSTAL SERVICE CHIEF INNOVATION OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 209. Chief Innovation Officer ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is established within the Postal Service the position of Chief Innovation Officer, appointed by the Postmaster General, who shall manage the Postal Service’s development and implemen-tation of innovative postal and nonpostal products and services. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The primary duties of the Chief Innovation Officer are as follows: ‘‘(1) Leading the development of innovative nonpostal products and services that will maximize revenue to the Postal Service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5293 July 24, 2018 
‘‘(2) Developing innovative postal products and services, specifically those that utilize emerging information technologies, to maxi-mize revenue to the Postal Service. ‘‘(3) Implementing the innovation strategy described under subsection (d). ‘‘(4) Monitoring the performance of innova-tive products and services and revising them as needed to meet changing market trends. ‘‘(5) Taking into consideration comments or advisory opinions, if applicable, issued by the Postal Regulatory Commission prior to the initial sale of innovative postal or non-postal products and services. ‘‘(c) A
PPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) D
EADLINE .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of the Postal Service Reform Act of 2018, but not later than 6 months after such date, the Post-master General shall appoint a Chief Innova-tion Officer. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any individual ap-pointed to serve as the Chief Innovation Offi-cer shall have proven expertise and a record of success in at least 1 of the following: ‘‘(A) Postal and shipping industry. ‘‘(B) Innovation product research and de-velopment. ‘‘(C) Marketing brand strategy. ‘‘(D) Emerging communications tech-nology. ‘‘(E) Business process management. ‘‘(3) C
URRENT OFFICER OR EMPLOYEE ELIGI -
BLE.—An officer or employee of the Postal Service may be appointed to the position of Chief Innovation Officer under this chapter. Upon appointment to such position, such of-ficer or employee may not concurrently hold any other position in the Postal Service. ‘‘(d) I
NNOVATION STRATEGY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 12 months after the date on which the Chief Innovation Officer is appointed under subsection (c)(1), the Postmaster General shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Postal Regulatory Commission a comprehen-sive strategy for maximizing revenues through innovative postal and nonpostal products and services. ‘‘(2) M
ATTERS TO BE ADDRESSED .—The strat-egy submitted under paragraph (1) shall ad-dress— ‘‘(A) the specific innovative postal and nonpostal products and services to be devel-oped and offered by the Postal Service, in-cluding the nature of the market to be filled by each product and service and the likely date by which each product and service will be introduced; ‘‘(B) the cost of developing and offering each product or service; ‘‘(C) the anticipated sales volume of each product and service; ‘‘(D) the anticipated revenues and profits expected to be generated by each product and service; ‘‘(E) the likelihood of success of each prod-uct and service as well as the risks associ-ated with the development and sale of each product and service; ‘‘(F) the trends anticipated in market con-ditions that may affect the success of each product and service over the 5-year period beginning on the date such strategy or up-date is submitted; ‘‘(G) the metrics that will be utilized to as-sess the effectiveness of the innovation strategy; and ‘‘(H) the specific methods by which mailpiece design analysis may be improved to speed the approval process and promote the increased use of innovative mailpiece de-sign. ‘‘(3) S
TRATEGY UPDATES .—On January 1, 2020, and every 3 years thereafter, the Postal Service shall submit an update to the inno-vation strategy submitted under paragraph (1) to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Postal Regulatory Commission. ‘‘(e) REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of submis-sion of the President’s annual budget under section 1105(a) of title 31, the Postmaster General shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, and the Postal Regu-latory Commission a report that details the Postal Service’s progress in implementing the innovation strategy described under sub-section (d). ‘‘(2) M
ATTERS TO BE ADDRESSED .—The re- port required under paragraph (1) shall ad-dress— ‘‘(A) the revenue generated by each prod-uct and service developed through the inno-vation strategy and the costs of developing and offering each such product and service for the most recent fiscal year; ‘‘(B) the total sales volume and revenue generated by each product and service on a monthly basis for the preceding year; ‘‘(C) trends in the markets filled by each product and service; ‘‘(D) products and services identified in the innovation strategy that are to be discon-tinued, the date on which the discontinuance will occur, and the reasons for the dis-continuance; ‘‘(E) alterations in products and services identified in the innovation strategy that will be made to meet changing market con-ditions, and an explanation of how these al-terations will ensure the success of the prod-ucts and services; and ‘‘(F) the performance of the innovation strategy according to the metrics identified in subsection (d)(2)(G). ‘‘(f) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General shall conduct a study on the implementation of the innovation strategy described under subsection (d) not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of the Postal Service Reform Act of 2018. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The study required under paragraph (1) shall assess the effectiveness of the Postal Service in identifying, developing, and selling innovative postal and nonpostal products and services. The study shall also include— ‘‘(A) an audit of the costs of developing each innovative postal and nonpostal prod-uct and service developed or offered by the Postal Service during the period beginning on the date of enactment of the Postal Serv-ice Reform Act of 2018 and ending 4 years after such date; ‘‘(B) the sales volume of each such product and service; ‘‘(C) the revenues and profits generated by each such product and service; and ‘‘(D) the likelihood of continued success of each such product and service. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION .—The results of the study required under this subsection shall be sub-mitted to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 2 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘209. Chief Innovation Officer.’’. SEC. 953. EMERGENCY SUSPENSIONS OF POST OFFICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 404 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) E
MERGENCY SUSPENSIONS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the terms ‘alternate service’ and ‘temporary location’ include a location at which customers affected by an emergency suspension of a post office, or the expiration of the lease or rental agreement for a post office, may send and receive mail, which may include the provision and regular serv-icing of a Cluster Box Unit (commonly known as a ‘CBU’) by the Postal Service; ‘‘(B) the term ‘discontinuance procedures’ means the procedures required for the dis-continuance of a post office under subsection (d) and any regulations promulgated under that subsection; ‘‘(C) the term ‘emergency suspension’ means the temporary suspension of retail op-erations at a post office, without following discontinuance procedures for the post of-fice, because of— ‘‘(i) a natural disaster; ‘‘(ii) the termination of a lease or rental agreement by the lessor; ‘‘(iii) a lack of qualified personnel to oper-ate the post office; ‘‘(iv) severe or irreparable damage to, or destruction of, the post office when alternate quarters acceptable to the Postal Service for use as a post office are not immediately available in the community; ‘‘(v) a challenge to the sanctity of the mail; or ‘‘(vi) a lack of adequate measures to safe-guard the post office or its revenues; and ‘‘(D) the term ‘post office’— ‘‘(i) means a Post Office, as that term is defined in section 241.1 of title 39, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regu-lation; and ‘‘(ii) includes a post office branch or post office station. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY .—The Postal Service may implement an emergency suspension of a post office in accordance with the require-ments under paragraphs (3) through (7). ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Postal Service implements an emergency suspension of a post office, the Postal Service shall provide immediate notice of the suspension to— ‘‘(A) the relevant local, regional, State, and Federal officials, including— ‘‘(i) each Member of Congress who rep-resents the area in which the affected post office is located; and ‘‘(ii) the chief executive of each relevant unit of local government; and ‘‘(B) customers, notification to whom shall include— ‘‘(i) the effective date of the suspension; ‘‘(ii) the reason for the suspension; ‘‘(iii) any alternate service available; ‘‘(iv) the nearest postal retail facility (as defined in section 903 of the Postal Service Reform Act of 2018) and hours of service; and ‘‘(v) the name and contact information of an individual to contact for more informa-tion. ‘‘(4) A
LTERNATE SERVICE .—If the Postal Service implements an emergency suspen-sion of a post office, the Postal Service shall provide alternate drop-off, pick-up, and post office box services at 1 or more locations that are as close as feasible to the suspended post office. ‘‘(5) E
MPLOYEE REASSIGNMENT .—If the Post-al Service implements an emergency suspen-sion of a post office, the Postal Service shall temporarily reassign each employee of the post office in accordance with each applica-ble Federal statute, Federal regulation, and collective bargaining agreement. ‘‘(6) S
USPENSION REVIEW .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5294 July 24, 2018 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Within a reasonable pe-riod of time after the date on which the Postal Service implements an emergency suspension of a post office, the Postal Serv-ice shall review the emergency suspension and determine whether to— ‘‘(i) reopen the post office; or ‘‘(ii) continue the emergency suspension. ‘‘(B) R
EOPENING .— ‘‘(i) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Postal Service makes a determination under subparagraph (A) to reopen a post office, the Postal Serv-ice shall provide notice to the persons de-scribed in paragraph (3) of the date by which the Postal Service expects to reopen the post office. ‘‘(ii) D
ELAY .—If the Postal Service does not reopen a post office by the date specified under clause (i), not later than the next busi-ness day after that date, the Postal Service shall provide notice of the delay to the per-sons described in paragraph (3), including a new date by which the Postal Service ex-pects to reopen the post office, if such a date is known. ‘‘(iii) S
UBSEQUENT DELAYS .—If the Postal Service does not reopen a post office by a new date specified under clause (ii), the Postal Service shall provide to the persons described in paragraph (3) notice, and a new date in the same manner as under clause (ii) of this subparagraph, and shall continue to do so at regular intervals until the Postal Service reopens the post office or initiates discontinuance procedures for the post of-fice. ‘‘(C) C
ONTINUED SUSPENSION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Postal Service makes a determination under subparagraph (A) to continue the emergency suspension of a post office, the Postal Service— ‘‘(I) not later than 30 days after making the determination, shall— ‘‘(aa) provide alternate services that are the same or substantially similar to the services provided at the suspended post of-fice on a temporary basis at a location with-in a reasonable distance of the suspended post office, which may be at the nearest postal facility; and ‘‘(bb)(AA) initiate discontinuance proce-dures for the post office; ‘‘(BB) publish a plan to restore service to the affected community within a reasonable period of time; or ‘‘(CC) provide notice to the persons de-scribed in paragraph (3) of the date on which the Postal Service expects to publish a plan to restore the same or substantially similar service to the affected community within a reasonable period of time; and ‘‘(II) if the Postal Service elects to provide notice under subclause (I)(bb)(CC), shall, not later than 90 days after the date of the ini-tial determination to implement the emer-gency suspension, publish the plan described in that subclause. ‘‘(ii) D
ELAY IN RESTORATION OF SERVICE .—If the Postal Service publishes a plan to re-store service to an affected community under subclause (I)(bb)(BB) or (II) of clause (i) and such service to the affected commu-nity is not restored within 180 days of the date on which the emergency suspension was implemented, the Postal Service shall— ‘‘(I)(aa) publish notice of the continued suspension, including— ‘‘(AA) a reason for the delay; and ‘‘(BB) an anticipated date of restoration of service; and ‘‘(bb) not later than 30 days after pub-lishing the notice under item (aa), host a question-and-answer forum— ‘‘(AA) that members of the community may attend, at a location accessible to the affected community; or ‘‘(BB) in which members of the affected community may participate by teleconfer-ence or videoconference; or ‘‘(II) initiate discontinuance procedures for the post office. ‘‘(iii) 1-YEAR DELAY .—If, as of the date that is 1 year after the date on which an emer-gency suspension of a post office was imple-mented, service to the affected community has not been restored and the Postal Service has not initiated discontinuance procedures for the post office, the Postal Service— ‘‘(I) shall publish notice of the continued suspension, including— ‘‘(aa) a reason for the delay; and ‘‘(bb) an anticipated date of restoration of such service; ‘‘(II) shall host— ‘‘(aa) not later than 30 days after pub-lishing the notice under subclause (I), a sec-ond question-and-answer forum described in clause (ii)(I)(bb); and ‘‘(bb) additional question-and-answer fora described in clause (ii)(I)(bb) every subse-quent 180 days until— ‘‘(AA) such service is restored; or ‘‘(BB) the Postal Service initiates dis-continuance procedures for the post office; and ‘‘(III) if services similar to those that have not been restored are not located within a reasonable distance of the post office, not later than 60 days after the date that is 1 year after the date on which the emergency suspension was implemented, shall develop and publish a plan to provide essential serv-ices, including alternate retail and post of-fice box services, on a temporary basis at a location within a reasonable distance of the suspended post office. ‘‘(7) R
ESTORATION OF SERVICE .—Upon the restoration of service under paragraph (6)(C), the Postal Service shall immediately no-tify— ‘‘(A) the affected community; and ‘‘(B) the Headquarters Review Coordinator. ‘‘(8) L
EASE OR RENTAL AGREEMENT EXPIRA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) P
ROHIBITION ON EMERGENCY SUSPEN -
SIONS .—The Postal Service may not imple-ment an emergency suspension of a post of-fice based on the expiration of the lease or rental agreement for the post office. ‘‘(ii) A
LTERNATIVE PROCESS .—The Postal Service shall establish an alternative process for the suspension of postal services to a community based on the expiration of a lease or rental agreement for a post office in accordance with subparagraphs (B) through (G) of this paragraph. ‘‘(B) F
AILURE TO REACH AGREEMENT .—If, as of 30 days before the expiration of a lease or rental agreement for a post office, the Postal Service does not expect to reach an agree-ment with the lessor to extend the lease or rental agreement or to sell the property to the Postal Service, the Postal Service shall— ‘‘(i) notify the affected community of a possible disruption in service due to the pos-sible expiration of the lease or rental agree-ment; and ‘‘(ii) include in the notification under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) the expiration date of the lease or rental agreement; ‘‘(II) alternate services available if the lease or rental agreement expires,; ‘‘(III) the nearest post offices and hours of service; and ‘‘(IV) the name, telephone number, and email address of an individual to contact for more information. ‘‘(C) R
ESTORATION OF SERVICE .—Not later than 5 days after the date on which a lease or rental agreement for a post office expires, the Postal Service shall make best efforts to commence actions required to restore the same or substantially similar service to the community in which the post office that was the subject of the expired lease or rental agreement is located. ‘‘(D) FAILURE TO RESTORE SERVICE .—If, within 30 days after the expiration of a lease or rental agreement for a post office, the Postal Service is unable to restore service at the same location or at another location in the affected community, the Postal Service shall publish notice of intent to restore the same or substantially similar service to the affected community— ‘‘(i) within a reasonable period of time; and ‘‘(ii) in any event, not later than 180 days after the date on which the lease or rental agreement expired. ‘‘(E) D
ELAY IN RESTORATION OF SERVICE .—If the Postal Service publishes notice of intent to restore the same or substantially similar service to an affected community under sub-paragraph (D) and such service to the af-fected community is not restored within 180 days of the date on which the lease or rental agreement for the post office expired, the Postal Service shall— ‘‘(i) publish notice of the delay, including— ‘‘(I) a reason for the delay; and ‘‘(II) an anticipated date of restoration of such service; and ‘‘(ii) within a reasonable period of time after publishing the notice under clause (i), host a question-and-answer forum— ‘‘(I) that members of the community may attend, at a location accessible to the af-fected community; or ‘‘(II) in which members of the affected community may participate by teleconfer-ence or videoconference. ‘‘(F) F
URTHER DELAYS IN RESTORATION OF  
SERVICE .—Upon the expiration of each 30-day period after the date on which the Postal Service publishes notice of a delay under subparagraph (E)(i), if the same or substan-tially similar service to the affected commu-nity has not been restored, the Postal Serv-ice shall publish an updated notice of the delay that includes the anticipated date of restoration of such service. ‘‘(G) 1-
YEAR DELAY .—If the same or sub-stantially similar service to the affected community is not restored within 1 year of the date on which the lease or rental agree-ment for the post office expired, the Postal Service— ‘‘(i) shall host— ‘‘(I) a second question-and-answer forum described in subparagraph (E)(ii); and ‘‘(II) additional question-and-answer fora described in subparagraph (E)(ii) in the af-fected community as determined necessary by the Postal Service until— ‘‘(aa) such service is restored; or ‘‘(bb) the Postal Service initiates dis-continuance procedures for the post office; and ‘‘(ii) if no alternate services are located within a reasonable distance of the post of-fice, not later than 60 days after the date that is 1 year after the date on which the lease or rental agreement for the post office expired, shall develop and publish a plan to provide essential services, including alter-nate retail and post office box services, on a temporary basis at a location within a rea-sonable distance of the post office.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any emer-gency suspension of a post office that is im-plemented on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 954. MAILING ADDRESS REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter VI of chapter 36 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3687. Mailing address requirements ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5295 July 24, 2018 
‘‘(1) the term ‘municipality’ means a city, town, borough, county, parish, district, asso-ciation, or other public entity established by, or pursuant to, applicable State law; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘State’ means each of the several States, territories, and possessions of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PHYSICAL AND MAIL-
INGADDRESSES TO CORRESPOND .—The State and municipality used by the Postal Service for the delivery address for purposes of mail matter shall correspond with the State and municipality of the physical address of the location for the delivery of such mail mat-ter.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 36 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3686 the following: ‘‘3687. Mailing address requirements.’’. Subtitle C—Postal Contracting Reform 
SEC. 961. CONTRACTING PROVISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 7—CONTRACTING PROVISIONS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘701. Definitions. ‘‘702. Delegation of contracting authority. ‘‘703. Posting of noncompetitive purchase re-quests for noncompetitive con-tracts. ‘‘704. Review of ethical issues. ‘‘705. Ethical restrictions on participation in certain contracting activity. ‘‘§ 701. Definitions ‘‘In this chapter— ‘‘(1) the term ‘contracting officer’ means an employee of a covered postal entity who has authority to enter into a postal contract; ‘‘(2) the term ‘covered postal entity’ means— ‘‘(A) the Postal Service; or ‘‘(B) the Postal Regulatory Commission; ‘‘(3) the term ‘head of a covered postal en-tity’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of the Postal Service, the Postmaster General; or ‘‘(B) in the case of the Postal Regulatory Commission, the Chairman of the Postal Regulatory Commission; ‘‘(4) the term ‘postal contract’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of the Postal Service, any contract (including any agreement or memo-randum of understanding) entered into by the Postal Service for the procurement of goods or services; or ‘‘(B) in the case of the Postal Regulatory Commission, any contract (including any agreement or memorandum of under-standing) in an amount exceeding the sim-plified acquisition threshold (as defined in section 134 of title 41) entered into by the Postal Regulatory Commission for the pro-curement of goods or services; and ‘‘(5) the term ‘senior procurement execu-tive’ means the senior procurement execu-tive of a covered postal entity. ‘‘§ 702. Delegation of contracting authority ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) P
OLICY .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this chapter, the head of each covered postal entity shall issue a policy on contracting officer delegations of authority for postal contracts for the cov-ered postal entity. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The policy issued under paragraph (1) shall require that— ‘‘(A) notwithstanding any delegation of au-thority with respect to postal contracts, the ultimate responsibility and accountability for the award and administration of postal contracts resides with the senior procure-ment executive; and ‘‘(B) a contracting officer shall maintain an awareness of, and engagement in, the ac-tivities being performed on postal contracts of which that officer has cognizance, not-withstanding any delegation of authority that may have been executed. ‘‘(b) POSTING OF DELEGATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each covered postal entity shall make any delegation of authority for postal contracts outside the functional contracting unit readily available and accessible on the website of the covered postal entity. ‘‘(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This paragraph shall apply to any delegation of authority made on or after the date that is 30 days after the date of enactment of this chapter. ‘‘§ 703. Posting of noncompetitive purchase requests for noncompetitive contracts ‘‘(a) P
OSTING REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) P
OSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION .—The Postal Regulatory Commission shall make the noncompetitive purchase request for any noncompetitive award for any contract (in-cluding any agreement or memorandum of understanding) entered into by the Postal Regulatory Commission for the procurement of goods and services in an amount of $20,000 or more, including the rationale supporting the noncompetitive award, publicly available on the website of the Postal Regulatory Commission— ‘‘(A) not later than 14 days after the date of the award of the noncompetitive contract; or ‘‘(B) not later than 30 days after the date of the award of the noncompetitive contract, if the basis for the award was a compelling business interest. ‘‘(2) P
OSTAL SERVICE .—The Postal Service shall make the noncompetitive purchase re-quest for any noncompetitive award of a postal contract in an amount of $250,000 or more, including the rationale supporting the noncompetitive award, publicly available on the website of the Postal Service— ‘‘(A) not later than 14 days after the date of the award; or ‘‘(B) not later than 30 days after the date of the award, if the basis for the award was a compelling business interest. ‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENTS TO THE POSTING THRESH -
OLD.— ‘‘(A) R
EVIEW AND DETERMINATION .—Not later than January 31 of each year, the Post-al Service and the Postal Regulatory Com-mission shall— ‘‘(i) review the applicable threshold estab-lished under paragraph (1) or (2); and ‘‘(ii) based on any change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers of the Department of Labor, determine whether an adjustment to the threshold shall be made. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT OF ADJUSTMENTS .—An adjust-ment under subparagraph (A) shall be made in increments of $5,000. If the covered postal entity determines that a change in the Con-sumer Price Index for a year would require an adjustment in an amount that is less than $5,000, the covered postal entity may not make an adjustment to the threshold for the year. ‘‘(4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection shall apply to any noncompetitive contract awarded on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of this chapter. ‘‘(b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the information required to be made publicly available by a covered postal entity under subsection (a) shall be readily accessible on the website of the covered postal entity. ‘‘(2) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.—A covered postal entity shall— ‘‘(A) carefully screen any description of the rationale supporting a noncompetitive award required to be made publicly available under subsection (a) to determine whether the de-scription includes proprietary data (includ-ing any reference or citation to the propri-etary data) or security-related information; and ‘‘(B) remove any proprietary data or secu-rity-related information before making pub-licly available a description of the rationale supporting a noncompetitive award. ‘‘(c) WAIVERS .— ‘‘(1) W
AIVER PERMITTED .—If the Postal Service determines that making a non-competitive purchase request for a postal contract of the Postal Service under sub-section (a)(2) publicly available would risk placing the Postal Service at a competitive disadvantage relative to a private sector competitor, the senior procurement execu-tive, in consultation with the advocate for competition of the Postal Service, may waive the requirements under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) F
ORM AND CONTENT OF WAIVER .— ‘‘(A) F
ORM.—A waiver under paragraph (1) shall be in the form of a written determina-tion placed in the file of the contract to which the noncompetitive purchase request relates. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENT .—A waiver under paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(i) a description of the risk associated with making the noncompetitive purchase request publicly available; and ‘‘(ii) a statement that redaction of sen-sitive information in the noncompetitive purchase request would not be sufficient to protect the Postal Service from being placed at a competitive disadvantage relative to a private sector competitor. ‘‘(3) D
ELEGATION OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .— The Postal Service may not delegate the au-thority to approve a waiver under paragraph (1) to any employee having less authority than the senior procurement executive. ‘‘§ 704. Review of ethical issues ‘‘If a contracting officer identifies any eth-ical issues relating to a proposed contract and submits those issues and that proposed contract to the designated ethics official for the covered postal entity before the award-ing of that contract, that ethics official shall— ‘‘(1) review the proposed contract; and ‘‘(2) advise the contracting officer on the appropriate resolution of ethical issues. ‘‘§ 705. Ethical restrictions on participation in certain contracting activity ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘covered employee’ means— ‘‘(A) a contracting officer; or ‘‘(B) any employee of a covered postal enti-ty whose decisionmaking affects a postal contract as determined by regulations pre-scribed by the head of a covered postal enti-ty; ‘‘(2) the term ‘final conviction’ means a conviction entered by a court, regardless of whether such conviction was entered on a verdict or pursuant to a plea (including a plea of nolo contendere), and with regard to which no further appeal may be taken or is pending; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘covered relationship’ means a covered relationship described in section 2635.502(b)(1) of title 5, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor thereto. ‘‘(b) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) R
EGULATIONS .—The head of each cov-ered postal entity shall prescribe regulations that— ‘‘(A) require a covered employee to include in the file of any noncompetitive purchase request for a noncompetitive postal contract a written certification that— ‘‘(i) discloses any covered relationship of the covered employee; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5296 July 24, 2018 
‘‘(ii) states that the covered employee will not take any action with respect to the non-competitive purchase request that affects the financial interests of any person with which the covered employee has a covered relationship, or otherwise gives rise to an ap-pearance of the use of public office for pri-vate gain, as described in section 2635.702 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto; ‘‘(B) require a contracting officer to con-sult with the ethics counsel for the covered postal entity regarding any disclosure made by a covered employee under subparagraph (A)(i), to determine whether participation by the covered employee in the noncompetitive purchase request would give rise to a viola-tion of part 2635 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations (commonly referred to as the Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch), or any successor thereto; ‘‘(C) require the ethics counsel for a cov-ered postal entity to review any disclosure made by a contracting officer under subpara-graph (A)(i) to determine whether participa-tion by the contracting officer in the non-competitive purchase request would give rise to a violation of part 2635 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations (commonly referred to as the Standards of Ethical Conduct for Em-ployees of the Executive Branch), or any suc-cessor thereto; ‘‘(D) under subsections (d) and (e) of sec-tion 2635.502 of title 5, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor thereto, require the ethics counsel for a covered postal entity to— ‘‘(i) authorize a covered employee that makes a disclosure under subparagraph (A)(i) to participate in the noncompetitive postal contract; or ‘‘(ii) disqualify a covered employee that makes a disclosure under subparagraph (A)(i) from participating in the noncompetitive postal contract; ‘‘(E) require a contractor to timely dis-close to the contracting officer in a bid, so-licitation, award, or performance of a postal contract any conflict of interest with a cov-ered employee; and ‘‘(F) include authority for the head of the covered postal entity to grant a waiver or otherwise mitigate any organizational or personal conflict of interest, if the head of the covered postal entity determines that the waiver or mitigation is in the best inter-ests of the covered postal entity. ‘‘(2) P
OSTING OF WAIVERS .—Not later than 30 days after the head of a covered postal en-tity grants a waiver described in paragraph (1)(F), the head of the covered postal entity shall make the waiver publicly available on the website of the covered postal entity. ‘‘(c) C
ONTRACT VOIDANCE AND RECOVERY .— ‘‘(1) U
NLAWFUL CONDUCT .—In any case in which there is a final conviction for a viola-tion of any provision of chapter 11 of title 18 relating to a postal contract, the head of a covered postal entity may— ‘‘(A) void that contract; and ‘‘(B) recover the amounts expended and property transferred by the covered postal entity under that contract. ‘‘(2) O
BTAINING OR DISCLOSING PROCUREMENT  
INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In any case in which a contractor under a postal contract fails to timely disclose a conflict of interest to the appropriate contracting officer as required under the regulations promulgated under subsection (b)(1)(E), the head of a covered postal entity may— ‘‘(i) void that contract; and ‘‘(ii) recover the amounts expended and property transferred by the covered postal entity under that contract. ‘‘(B) CONVICTION OR ADMINISTRATIVE DETER -
MINATION .—A case described under subpara-graph (A) is any case in which— ‘‘(i) there is a final conviction for an of-fense punishable under section 2105 of title 41; or ‘‘(ii) the head of a covered postal entity de-termines, based upon a preponderance of the evidence, that the contractor or someone acting for the contractor has engaged in con-duct constituting an offense punishable under section 2105 of such title.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters at the begin-ning of part I is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘7. Contracting Provisions................701’’. 
SEC. 962. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT TO DEFINI-TION. 
Section 7101(8) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-graph (C); (2) by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (D) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission.’’. Subtitle D—Postal Regulatory Commission, Inspector General, Related Provisions, and Miscellaneous 
SEC. 981. POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION. 
Section 502 of title 39, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘sub-section (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (f) and (g)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A Commissioner may serve for not more than 2 full terms as a Commissioner.’’. 
SEC. 982. INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE AND THE POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT OF INSPECTOR GENERAL OF  
THEUNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE AND THE  P
OSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION BY PRESI-
DENT .—Section 8G of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the United States International Trade Commis-sion, the Postal Regulatory Commission, and the United States Postal Service’’ and in-serting ‘‘the United States International Trade Commission, and the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by striking subpara-graph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) with respect to the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission, such term, for purposes of over-sight of— ‘‘(i) the United States Postal Service, means the Governors (as defined in section 102(3) of title 39, United States Code); and ‘‘(ii) the Postal Regulatory Commission, means the Chairman of the Postal Regu-latory Commission;’’; (2) in subsection (d)(1), by inserting ‘‘or subsection (f)(3)’’ after ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (2)’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1)(A) There is established in the United States Postal Service the Office of the In-spector General of the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion. ‘‘(B) There shall be at the head of the Of-fice of the Inspector General of the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regu-latory Commission an Inspector General (re-ferred to in this subsection as the ‘Inspector General’) who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate, without regard to polit-ical affiliation and solely on the basis of in-tegrity and demonstrated ability in account-ing, auditing, financial analysis, law, man-agement analysis, public administration, or investigations. ‘‘(C) The Inspector General may be re-moved from office by the President. If the In-spector General is removed from office or is transferred to another position or location within the United States Postal Service, the President shall communicate in writing the reasons for any such removal or transfer to both Houses of Congress, not later than 30 days before the removal or transfer. Nothing in this subparagraph shall prohibit a per-sonnel action otherwise authorized by law, other than transfer or removal. ‘‘(D) For the purposes of section 7324 of title 5, United States Code, the Inspector General shall not be considered to be an em-ployee who determines policies to be pursued by the United States in the nationwide ad-ministration of Federal laws. ‘‘(E) The Inspector General shall have all of the authorities and responsibilities pro-vided by this Act with respect to the Postal Regulatory Commission, as if the Postal Regulatory Commission were part of the United States Postal Service.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘of the United States Postal Service (hereinafter in this subsection referred to as the ‘Inspector General’)’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘relating to the United States Postal Service’’ before ‘‘which require access to sensitive information’’; and (II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘Committee on Governmental Affairs of the Senate’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by inserting ‘‘and the Postal Regulatory Commission’’ after ‘‘United States Postal Service’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Com-mittee on Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Nothing in this paragraph may be invoked by the United States Postal Service to restrict or limit any audit or in-vestigation that the Inspector General con-siders appropriate.’’; and (E) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘and the Postal Regulatory Commission’’ after ‘‘United States Postal Service’’. (b) I
NTERIM POWER OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
OF THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE .— During the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date on which the first individual is appointed as Inspector General of the United States Post-al Service and the Postal Regulatory Com-mission after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the United States Postal Service shall have all of the authorities and responsibilities provided by the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) with respect to the Postal Regulatory Commission on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act, as if the Postal Regu-latory Commission were part of the United States Postal Service. (c) T
RANSFER OF PERSONNEL .— (1) O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF  
THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE .—The personnel employed in the Office of the In-spector General of the United States Postal Service are transferred to the Office of the Inspector General of the United States Post-al Service and the Postal Regulatory Com-mission. (2) O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF  
THE POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION .—The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5297 July 24, 2018 
personnel employed in the Office of the In-spector General of the Postal Regulatory Commission may be transferred to the other offices of the Postal Regulatory Commission. (3) M
ODERN SERVICE AND PERFORMANCE  
STANDARDS .—Any unobligated amounts made available to carry out the functions of the Office of the Inspector General of the Postal Regulatory Commission before the date of enactment of this Act shall be used to estab-lish and revise modern service standards and measure performance under section 3691 of title 39, United States Code, as amended by section 950(a) of this title. (4) E
FFECT .—During the 1-year period be-ginning on the date of enactment of this Act, any full-time or part-time employee who, on the day before such date of enactment, was employed in a permanent position in the Of-fice of the Inspector General of the Postal Regulatory Commission, shall not be sepa-rated or reduced in grade or compensation because of the transfer under an amendment made by this section. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) T
ITLE 39 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Title 39, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 102(4), by striking ‘‘section 202(e) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8G(f)(1)(B) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)’’; (B) in section 202, by striking subsection (e); (C) in section 504, by striking subsection (h); (D) in section 1001(b), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘, and section 8G(f)(1)(B) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)’’ after ‘‘1001(c) of this title’’; (E) in section 1003(b), by striking ‘‘11(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘12(2)’’; (F) in section 1005(a)(3), by inserting ‘‘, and section 8G(f)(1)(B) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)’’ after ‘‘1001(c) of this title’’; (G) in section 2009, by inserting ‘‘and the Postal Regulatory Commission’’ after ‘‘United States Postal Service’’; and (H) in section 2011(h)(2)(D), by inserting ‘‘and the Postal Regulatory Commission’’ after ‘‘United States Postal Service’’. (2) O
MNIBUS CONSOLIDATED APPROPRIATIONS  
ACT, 1997.—Section 662(d) of the Omnibus Con-solidated Appropriations Act, 1997 (39 U.S.C. 2802 note) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND THE POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION ’’ after ‘‘P
OSTAL SERVICE ’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and the Postal Regulatory Commission’’ after ‘‘Postal Service’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by inserting ‘‘and the Postal Regulatory Commission’’ after ‘‘Postal Service’’; and (B) in the first sentence of paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and the Postal Regulatory Commission’’ after ‘‘Postal Service’’. (e) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .— (1) S
UITS.—The provisions of this title shall not affect suits commenced before the effec-tive date of this title, and in all such suits, proceeding shall be had, appeals taken, and judgments rendered in the same manner and with the same effect as if this title had not been enacted. (2) N
ONABATEMENT OF ACTIONS .—No suit, action, or other proceeding commenced by or against the Inspector General of the United States Postal Service or the Inspector Gen-eral of the Postal Regulatory Commission, or by or against any individual in the official capacity of such individual as an officer of the Office of the Inspector General of the United States Postal Service or the Office of the Inspector General of the Postal Regu-latory Commission shall abate by reason of the enactment of this title. (3) CONTINUANCE OF SUITS .—If, before the effective date of this title, the Office of the Inspector General of the United States Post-al Service or the Office of the Inspector Gen-eral of the Postal Regulatory Commission or officer thereof in the official capacity of such officer, is party to a suit, and under this title any function of the Office of the Inspec-tor General of the United States Postal Serv-ice or the Office of the Inspector General of the Postal Regulatory Commission or officer is transferred to the Inspector General of the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission or any other official of the Office of the Inspector General of the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission, then such suit shall be continued with the Inspector General of the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission or other ap-propriate official of the Office of the Inspec-tor General of the United States Postal Serv-ice and the Postal Regulatory Commission substituted or added as a party. (f) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except with respect to the amendment made by subsection (a)(1)(A) re-lating to the Postal Regulatory Commission and the amendment made by subsection (d)(1)(C), the amendments made by this sec-tion shall apply with respect to the first in-dividual appointed as Inspector General of the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this title may be construed to alter the authority or the length of the term of the individual serving as Inspector General of the United States Postal Service on the date of enact-ment of this Act. (g) R
EFERENCES IN THISTITLE TO THE IN-
SPECTOR GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES  P
OSTAL SERVICE .—On and after the date on which the first individual is appointed as In-spector General of the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion after the date of enactment of this Act, each reference in this title to the Inspector General of the Postal Service shall be deemed to be a reference to the Inspector General of the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission. (h) R
ESOURCES FOR WASTE , FRAUD , AND A
BUSE INVESTIGATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 4 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 417. Waste, fraud, and abuse investigations ‘‘The Postal Service may transfer such re-sources to the Inspector General for waste, fraud, and abuse investigations as the Postal Service determines necessary.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 4 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘417. Waste, fraud, and abuse investiga-tions.’’. 
SEC. 983. GAO REPORT ON FRAGMENTATION, OVERLAP, AND DUPLICATION IN FEDERAL PROGRAMS AND ACTIVI-TIES. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall include in the annual report to Congress required under section 21 of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘Joint Resolution increasing the statutory limit on the public debt’’, approved February 12, 2010 (31 U.S.C. 712 note), that is applicable to the first year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act a review of the duplication of services and functions between the Office of the In-spector General of the Postal Service, the Postal Inspection Service, and any other Federal agency. SA 3464. Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. C OONS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. R EED) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. In addition to amounts made available for the Election Assistance Com-mission, $250,000,000 shall be made available for election security grants: Provided, That, of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Treasury Forfeiture Fund’’, $380,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded not later than September 30, 2019. 
SA 3465. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VII of di-vision C, insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) The Secretary of Agriculture may provide debt forgiveness to an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) for a direct loan provided under the Community Facilities Di-rect Loan and Grant program under subpart A of part 1942 of title 7, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or successor regulations), if— (1) the Indian tribe is designated as a Promise Zone under the Promise Zones Ini-tiative; and (2) the land of the Indian tribe is partly or wholly located in an area designated as a qualified opportunity zone under subchapter Z of chapter 1 of subtitle A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (b) Nothing in this section adversely af-fects the ability of an Indian tribe that re-ceives debt forgiveness under subsection (a) to apply for or receive any other Federal loan. 
SA 3466. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division D, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) In this section— (1) the term ‘‘covered State’’ means a State that administers a crumbling founda-tions assistance fund; (2) the term ‘‘crumbling foundations assist-ance fund’’ means a fund established by a State the purpose of which is to receive pub-lic or private contributions to provide finan-cial assistance to owners of residential build-ings in the State to repair or replace the concrete foundations of those residential buildings that have deteriorated due to the presence of pyrrhotite; (3) the term ‘‘residential building’’ means a 1-family, 2-family, 3-family or 4-family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.037 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5298 July 24, 2018 
dwelling, including a condominium unit or dwelling in a planned unit development; and (4) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development. (b) Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish and implement a program to make grants to covered States to assist owners of residential buildings with concrete founda-tions that have deteriorated due to the pres-ence of pyrrhotite. (c) A covered State desiring a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require. (d) A covered State receiving a grant under this section shall deposit any grant amounts into the crumbling foundations assistance fund of the State for the purpose of carrying out the activities described in subsection (e). (e) A covered State receiving a grant under this section shall— (1) develop a single, unified application for owners of residential buildings to apply for all financial assistance from the crumbling foundations assistance fund of the covered State; (2) provide financial assistance to approved owners of residential buildings for the repair or replacement of concrete foundations that have deteriorated due to the presence of pyrrhotite, including financial reimburse-ment to owners who have had such repair or replacement performed before the date of en-actment of this Act; (3) assist approved owners of residential buildings to obtain additional financing nec-essary to fully fund the repair or replace-ment of concrete foundations that have dete-riorated due to the presence of pyrrhotite; (4) approve contractors or other vendors for eligibility to perform foundation repairs or replacements on behalf of approved own-ers; (5) ensure that the financial assistance is used solely for costs of repairing and replac-ing concrete foundations that have deterio-rated due to the presence of pyrrhotite; and (6) require the disclosure of the amount of all financial compensation received by an owner of the residential building, if any, arising out of a claim for coverage under the property coverage provisions of the home-owners policy for foundation deterioration due to the presence of pyrrhotite and ensure that the amount is considered when deter-mining the amount of financial assistance offered to the owner. (f)(1) Each grant awarded to a covered State under this section in a fiscal year shall be in an amount of not more than $20,000,000. (2) A grant awarded under this section shall be for a period of 5 years. (g) The Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Fi-nancial Services of the House of Representa-tives an annual report on the grant program established under this section, including a summary of the use of funds by covered States receiving a grant under this section. 
SA 3467. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the matter under the heading ‘‘ SALARIES  
AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘D EPART -
MENTAL OFFICES ’’ under the heading ‘‘DE-PARTMENT OF THE TREASURY’’ in title I of division B, strike paragraphs (2) and (3) and insert the following: (2) not to exceed $258,000 is for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s cer-tificate; (3) not to exceed $24,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for— (A) the Treasury-wide Financial Statement Audit and Internal Control Program; (B) information technology modernization requirements; (C) the audit, oversight, and administra-tion of the Gulf Coast Restoration Trust Fund; (D) the development and implementation of programs within the Office of Critical In-frastructure Protection and Compliance Pol-icy, including entering into cooperative agreements; (E) operations and maintenance of facili-ties; and (F) international operations; and (4) not to exceed $100,000 is for a study, led by the Secretary of the Treasury, in con-sultation with relevant regulators, that— (A) examines the financial impact of the mineral pyrrhotite in concrete home founda-tions; and (B) provides recommendations on regu-latory and legislative actions needed to help mitigate the financial impact described in subparagraph (A) on banks, mortgage lend-ers, tax revenues, and homeowners. SA 3468. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 21, line 23, insert after ‘‘2020;’’ the following: ‘‘of which $100,000 shall be made available to the United States Geological Survey Mineral Resources Program for the development of a map depicting pyrrhotite occurrences throughout the United States;’’. 
SA 3469. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R EED, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. N
ELSON , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SAFETY IN OFFSHORE DRILLING ACTIVITIES  S
EC. 117. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to carry out a termination or diminishment of effectiveness of any rule or rulemaking, if the termination or diminishment of effec-tiveness would reduce safety in offshore drilling activities. 
SA 3470. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R EED, Mr. WHITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. N
ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
PROPOSED OIL AND GAS LEASING PROGRAMS  S
EC. 117. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior— (1) to approve or carry out the 2019–2024 Na-tional Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Draft Proposed Program issued by the Secretary of the Interior in January 2018 under section 18 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1344); or (2) to prepare, approve, or carry out any other proposed oil and gas leasing program under that section that would open up new areas of the outer Continental Shelf to oil and gas exploration, development, produc-tion, or leasing. 
SA 3471. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. 1ll. Section 31112(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
AND KANSAS ’’ and inserting ‘‘K ANSAS , AND O
REGON ’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘state.’’ and inserting ‘‘State; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) Oregon may allow the operation of a truck tractor and 2 property-carrying units not in actual lawful operation on a regular or periodic basis on June 1, 1991, if— ‘‘(A) the length of the property-carrying units does not exceed 82 feet 8 inches; ‘‘(B) the combination is used only to trans-port sugar beets; and ‘‘(C) the operation occurs on United States Route 20, United States Route 26, United States Route 30, or Oregon Route 201 in the vicinity, or between any, of— ‘‘(i) Vale, Oregon; ‘‘(ii) Ontario, Oregon; or ‘‘(iii) Nyssa, Oregon.’’. 
SA 3472. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. 1ll. Section 6(d)(2)(A) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(d)(2)(A)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.048 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5299 July 24, 2018 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) any new information (within the meaning of subsection (b) of section 402.16 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation)).’’. 
SA 3473. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. For businesses and residents im-pacted by a major disaster declared by the President under section 401 of Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) in 2018 with re-spect to a volcano eruption or related earth-quakes, the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration shall extend the appli-cation deadline— (1) for physical damage disaster loans under section 7(b)(1)(A) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)(1)(A)) to 60 days fol-lowing the date on which the property dam-age occurred; and (2) for economic injury disaster loans under section 7(b)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)(2)) on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the ongoing na-ture of the major disaster. 
SA 3474. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EN-TREPRENEURSHIP SUPPORTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘National Guard and Reserve Entrepreneurship Support Act’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF LOANASSISTANCE AND DE-
FERRAL ELIGIBILITY TO RESERVISTS BEYOND  P
ERIODS OF MILITARY CONFLICT .— (1) S
MALL BUSINESS ACT AMENDMENTS .—Sec- tion 7 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking clause (ii); (II) by redesignating clause (i) as clause (ii); (III) by inserting before clause (ii), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(i) the term ‘active service’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code;’’; and (IV) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘being ordered to active military duty during a pe-riod of military conflict’’ and inserting ‘‘being ordered to perform active service for a period of more than 30 consecutive days’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (G)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘active duty’’ and inserting ‘‘active service’’; and (B) in subsection (n)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘ACTIVE DUTY’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTIVE SERV-
ICE’’; (ii) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking subparagraph (C); (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively; (III) by inserting before subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(A) A
CTIVE SERVICE .—The term ‘active service’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code.’’; (IV) in subparagraph (B), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘ordered to active duty during a period of military conflict’’ and in-serting ‘‘ordered to perform active service for a period of more than 30 consecutive days’’; and (V) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’; and (iii) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by paragraph (1)(A) shall apply to an eco-nomic injury suffered or likely to be suffered as the result of an essential employee being ordered to perform active service (as defined in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code) for a period of more than 30 consecu-tive days who is discharged or released from such active service on or after the date of en-actment of this Act. (3) S
EMIANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and semiannually thereafter, the Presi-dent shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on the number of loans made under the Military Re-servist Economic Injury Disaster Loan pro-gram and the dollar volume of those loans. The report shall contain the subsidy rate of the disaster loan program as authorized under section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)) with the loans made under the Military Reservist Economic Injury Dis-aster Loan program and without those loans included. (4) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 8(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(l)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The Administration’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administration’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 7(n)(1))’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF PERIOD OF MILITARY CON -
FLICT .—In this subsection, the term ‘period of military conflict’ means— ‘‘(A) a period of war declared by the Con-gress; ‘‘(B) a period of national emergency de-clared by the Congress or by the President; or ‘‘(C) a period of a contingency operation, as defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code.’’. (c) N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE DEPLOY -
MENT SUPPORT AND BUSINESS TRAINING PRO-
GRAM .— (1) E
XPANSION OF SMALL BUSINESS ADMINIS -
TRATION OUTREACH PROGRAMS .—Section 8(b)(17) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(17)) is amended by striking ‘‘and mem-bers of a reserve component of the Armed Forces’’ and inserting ‘‘members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces, and the spouses of veterans and members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces’’. (2) ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—Section 32 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE DE-
PLOYMENT SUPPORT AND BUSINESS TRAIN-
ING.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In making grants carried out under section 8(b)(17), the Associate Ad-ministrator shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘National Guard and Reserve Deployment Support and Business Training Program’, to provide training, counseling and other assistance to support members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces and their spouses. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out this subsection, the Associate Administrator may— ‘‘(A) modify programs and resources made available through section 8(b)(17) to provide pre-deployment and other information spe-cific to members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces and their spouses; ‘‘(B) collaborate with the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau or the Chief’s designee, State Adjunct Generals or their designees, and other public and private partners; and ‘‘(C) provide training, information and other resources to the Chief of the National Guard Bureau or the Chief’s designee and State Adjunct Generals or their designees for the purpose of supporting members of a re-serve component of the Armed Forces and the spouses of veterans and members of a re-serve component of the Armed Forces.’’. 
SA 3475. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 223, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following S
EC. 527. Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of General Services shall submit to Congress a report that describes the ways in which the General Services Administration ensures equal public access to Federal build-ings in the New England region, including— (1) an analysis of each occasion during the 18-month period ending on the date of enact-ment of this Act in which a Federal agency has limited, prevented, or permanently de-nied access to a Federal building in the re-gion to any individual or group; (2) a description of the 1 or more specific justifications of the applicable Federal agen-cy with respect to each limitation, preven-tion, or denial of access analyzed under para-graph (1); and (3) an analysis of whether each justifica-tion described under paragraph (2) complies with Federal law (including regulations). 
SA 3476. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division D, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall continue to engage in efforts authorized by the Violence Against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.047 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5300 July 24, 2018 
Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4; 127 Stat. 54) to ensure that sur-vivors of domestic violence and sexual as-sault are not unlawfully evicted or denied housing by certain landlords based on their experience as survivors. (b) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the efforts de-scribed in subsection (a). 
SA 3477. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V of divi-sion B, insert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) None of the funds made available under this Act for the Mobility Fund Phase II auction may be used to con-duct such an auction until the Federal Com-munications Commission completes a rule-making that reassesses the data collection procedures that were used to develop the ini-tial eligible areas map for Mobility Fund Phase II, including by examining whether different factors should be used to create a more accurate map that lessens the burden on persons engaging in the challenge process. (b) For purposes of this section— (1) the term ‘‘challenge process’’ means the process established by the Federal Commu-nications Commission under which a person may challenge the initial determination that an area is ineligible for universal service support provided under Mobility Fund Phase II; and (2) the term ‘‘Mobility Fund Phase II’’ means the second phase of the proceeding to provide universal service support from the Mobility Fund (WC Docket No. 10–90; WT Docket No. 10–208). 
SA 3478. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VII of di-vision C, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the City of Sand Springs, Okla-homa, shall be eligible for loans and grants provided under the rural community ad-vancement program under subtitle E of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009 et seq.). 
SA 3479. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘depository institution’’ and ‘‘State’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Federal Deposit In-surance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (2) the term ‘‘major disaster’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122). (b)(1) Not later than 15 days after the date on which a designated point of contact with-in the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion receives notice from the President or the Governor of a State that the President has declared a major disaster under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) or the Governor has declared a state of disaster for all or part of that State, as ap-plicable, the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration shall issue guidance to depository institutions located in the area for which the President declared the major disaster or the Governor declared a state of disaster, as ap-plicable, for reducing regulatory burdens for borrowers and communities in order to fa-cilitate recovery from the disaster. (2) The guidance issued under paragraph (1) shall include instructions from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation consistent with existing flexibility for a major disaster declared under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170). (c) Not later than 180 days of the date of enactment of this Act, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the National Credit Union Administra-tion shall jointly issue guidance for deposi-tory institutions affected by a state of dis-aster that is comparable to the guidance issued by those entities in December 2017 en-titled ‘‘Interagency Supervisory Examiner Guidance for Institutions Affected by a Major Disaster’’. SA 3480. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. 1ll. The Secretary of Transpor-tation shall consult with the Assistant Sec-retary of the Army for Civil Works to iden-tify any existing authorities and any addi-tional authorities that may be needed to le-verage funds from Department of Transpor-tation programs for purposes of inland wa-terway project costs. 
SA 3481. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used by any Depart-ment or agency to carry out activities that prevent or interfere with the implementa-tion of State laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of marijuana, unless such activities directly implicate 1 or more of the Federal enforce-ment priorities described in the memoranda by James M. Cole, entitled ‘‘Guidance Re-garding Marijuana Enforcement’’ dated Au-gust 29, 2013, and entitled ‘‘Guidance Regard-ing Marijuana Financial Crimes’’ dated Feb-ruary 14, 2014. SA 3482. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 84, line 5, insert after ‘‘2022’’ the following: ‘‘, of which not less than $500,000 shall be made available for wood utilization research to develop woody and agricultural biomass conversion of low-value woody bio-mass using microwave-assisted lique-faction’’. 
SA 3483. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV of division A, add the following: 
PROHIBITION OF FUNDS TO CLOSE THE SOUTHERN  
RESEARCH STATION ALEXANDRIA FORESTRY  
CENTER  S
EC. 43ll. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to relocate activi-ties, resources, or personnel from, or perma-nently close, the Southern Research Station Alexandria Forestry Center in Pineville, Louisiana. (b) The Secretary shall— (1) reach out to stakeholders of the Utiliza-tion of Southern Forest Resources research work unit (RWU–4704) to gather feedback from the stakeholders relating to the best ways to ensure the maintenance of a viable research program at the research station re-ferred to in subsection (a); and (2) based on the feedback provided under paragraph (1), develop a strategy for main-taining that research program. 
SA 3484. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 497, line 6, insert ‘‘(including en-hanced vouchers for projects that have re-ceived or are receiving State-funded interest reduction payments), HOPE VI vouchers’’ after ‘‘Act’’. 
SA 3485. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.046 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5301 July 24, 2018 
agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. In administering the pilot pro-gram established by section 779 of division A of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141), the Secretary of Agri-culture shall— (1) ensure that rural areas that are deter-mined to be ineligible for the pilot program have a means of appealing or otherwise chal-lenging that determination in a timely fash-ion; and (2) in determining whether an entity may overbuild or duplicate broadband expansion efforts made by any entity that has received a broadband loan from the Rural Utilities Service, not consider loans that were re-scinded or defaulted on, or loans the terms and conditions of which were not met, if the entity under consideration has not pre-viously defaulted on, or failed to meet the terms and conditions of, a Rural Utilities Service loan or had a Rural Utilities Service loan rescinded. 
SA 3486. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In title I of division D, insert the following after section 119F: S
EC. ll. I MPROVING THE ESSENTIAL AIR S
ERVICE PROGRAM .——Section 41731 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN LOCATIONS  W
ITHHIGHMILITARY USE.—Subparagraph (D) of subsection (a)(1) shall not apply with re-spect to any location that— ‘‘(1) is certified under part 139 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(2) is not owned by the Federal govern-ment; and ‘‘(3) for which not less than 10 percent of airport operations in 2017 were by aircraft of the Armed Forces.’’. 
SA 3487. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. REFORMS AND OVERSIGHT TO U.S. FOREST SERVICE CONTRACTING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) H–2B 
NONIMMIGRANT .—The term ‘‘H–2B nonimmigrant’’ means a nonimmigrant de-scribed in section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b)). (2) P
ROSPECTIVE H –2B EMPLOYER .—The term ‘‘prospective H–2B employer’’ means a United States business that is considering employing 1 or more H–2B nonimmigrants. (3) S
TATE WORKFORCE AGENCY .—Except as used in subsection (b), the term ‘‘State work-force agency’’ means the workforce agency of the State in which the prospective H–2B employer intends to employ H–2B non-immigrants. (b) DEPARTMENT OF LABOR .— (1) R
ECRUITMENT .—As a component of the labor certification process required before H– 2B nonimmigrants are offered employment through United States Forest Service timber or service contracts in the United States, the Secretary of Labor shall require all prospec-tive H–2B employers, before submitting a pe-tition to hire H–2B nonimmigrants, to con-duct a robust effort to recruit United States workers, including— (A) advertising at employment or job- placement events, such as job fairs; (B) advertising with State or local work-force agencies, nonprofit organizations, or other appropriate entities, and working with such entities to identify potential employ-ees; (C) advertising in appropriate media, in-cluding local radio stations and commonly used, reputable Internet job-search sites; (D) provide potential United States work-ers at least 30 days from the date on which a job announcement is posted (or such longer period as the State workforce considers ap-propriate) to apply for such employment in person, by mail, by email, or by facsimile machine; (E) include a valid phone number that po-tential United States workers may call to get additional information about such em-ployment opportunity; and (F) such other recruitment strategies as the State workforce agency considers appro-priate for the sector or positions for which H–2B nonimmigrants would be considered. (2) S
EPARATE PETITIONS .—A prospective H– 2B employer shall submit a separate petition for each State in which the employer plans to employ H–2B nonimmigrants as part of a United States Forest Service timber or serv-ice contract for a period of 7 days or longer. (c) S
TATE WORKFORCE AGENCIES .—The Sec- retary of Labor may not grant a temporary labor certification to a prospective H–2B em-ployer seeking to employ H–2B non-immigrants as part of a United States Forest Service timber or service contract until after the Director of the State workforce agency— (1) has provided United States workers who may be interested in the position with appli-cation instructions; (2) has formally consulted with the work-force agency director of each contiguous State listed on the prospective H–2B employ-er’s application and determined that— (A) the employer has complied with all re-cruitment requirements set forth in sub-section (b) and there is a legitimate demand for the employment of H–2B nonimmigrants in each of those States; or (B) the employer has amended the applica-tion by removing or making appropriate modifications with respect to the States in which the criteria set forth in subparagraph (A) have not been met; (3) certifies that the prospective H–2B em-ployer has complied with all recruitment re-quirements set forth in subsection (b) or any other applicable provision of law; and (4) makes a formal determination and cer-tifies to the Secretary of Labor that nation-als of the United States are not qualified or available to fill the employment opportuni-ties offered by the prospective H–2B em-ployer. (d) S
UPPLEMENTAL FEE.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division of the Department of Labor shall collect a supplemental fee from each prospective H–2B employer in conjunc-tion with each petition for labor certifi-cation under section 212(a)(5) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(5)). (2) AMOUNT .—The Secretary of Labor shall determine the amount of the fee collected under paragraph (1) based on the estimated costs to carry out this section. (3) W
AIVER .—The fee authorized under paragraph (1) shall be waived on behalf of any prospective H–2B employer that, during the 3 fiscal years immediately preceding the filing of a petition for labor certification, did not commit a major violation of— (A) the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.); (B) the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.); or (C) the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 651 et seq.). (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The fee authorized under paragraph (1) shall be collected begin-ning on the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 3488. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title III of divi-sion C, insert the following: 
RURAL HEALTH AND SAFETY EDUCATION  
PROGRAMS  Any funds provided by this Act for rural health and safety education programs au-thorized under section 502(i) of the Rural De-velopment Act of 1972 (7 U.S.C. 2662(i)) shall be used under those programs to address the opioid abuse epidemic and to combat opioid abuse in rural communities. 
SA 3489. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 187, line 19, insert ‘‘: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to submit to Congress, not later than a year after the date of enactment of this Act, a report that identifies jurisdic-tions that have a high number of civil jury trials and the practices and methods those jurisdictions use to encourage jury trials, in-cluding docket management techniques, dis-covery practices, and other methods to make jury trials a cost efficient and effective op-tion in civil litigation’’ before the period at the end. 
SA 3490. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.054 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5302 July 24, 2018 
SEC. lll. NATIVE AMERICAN HOUSING REAU-THORIZATIONS. 
(a) N ATIVE AMERICAN HOUSING ASSISTANCE  
AND SELF-DETERMINATION ACT OF 1996.— Funds authorized to be appropriated under sections 108, 605(b), and 824 of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-deter-mination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4117; 4195(b); 4243) shall be so authorized for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2025. (b) H
OUSING AND COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT  A
CT OF 1992.—Funds authorized to be appro-priated under paragraphs (5)(C) and (7) of sec-tion 184(i) and paragraphs (5)(C) and (7) of section 184A(j) of the Housing and Commu-nity Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 1715z–13a(i); 1715z–13b(j)) shall be so author-ized for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2025. 
SA 3491. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. 1ll. Section 207(n)(1) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘21 months after such date of enactment’’ and inserting ‘‘June 4, 2019’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘30 months after such date of enactment’’ and inserting ‘‘on December 3, 2019’’. 
SA 3492. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 455, between lines 18 and 19, insert the following: S
EC. 13l. To the maximum extent prac-ticable, the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall ensure the safe and timely completion of the flexible sleeper berth pilot program of the Administration. 
SA 3493. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VII of di-vision C, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to Congress a re-port describing the ways in which conserva-tion programs administered by the Natural Resources Conservation Service may be bet-ter used for the conservation of ocelots (Leopardus pardalis) and any action taken by the Chief of the Natural Resources Con-servation Service relating to the conserva-tion of ocelots. 
SA 3494. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 10, line 18, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘: Provided further, That, of the amounts made available under this head-ing, not less than $1,000,000 shall be used for breeding and recovery activities for ocelots (Leopardus pardalis).’’. 
SA 3495. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. INCREASE NATIONAL LIMITATION AMOUNT FOR QUALIFIED HIGHWAY OR SURFACE FREIGHT TRANSFER FACILITY BONDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 142(m)(2)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘$15,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000,000,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to bonds issued after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 3496. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R
OBERTS , and Mr. R UBIO) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available to the Federal Transit Administration under this title may be used in awarding a contract or subcontract to an entity on or after the date of enactment of this Act for the procurement of an asset within the mass transit and pas-senger rail or freight rail subsectors included within the transportation systems sector de-fined by President Policy Directive 21 (Crit-ical Infrastructure Security and Resilience) including rolling stock, and the ensuing reg-ulations, if the entity is owned, directed, or subsidized by a country that— (1) is identified as a nonmarket economy country (as defined in section 771(18) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(18))) as of the date of enactment of this Act; (2) was identified by the United States Trade Representative in the most recent re-port required by section 182 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242) as a priority foreign country under subsection (a)(2) of that sec-tion; and (3) is subject to monitoring by the Trade Representative under section 306 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2416). (b) This section shall be applied in a man-ner consistent with the obligations of the United States under international agree-ments. SA 3497. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , and Mr. B LUNT ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. l. PUBLICATION OF GUIDANCE DOCU-MENTS IN THE INTERNET. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (2) G
UIDANCE DOCUMENT .— (A) D
EFINITION .—The term ‘‘guidance docu-ment’’— (i) means an agency statement of general applicability, other than a rule promulgated under section 553 of title 5, United States Code, that— (I) does not have the force and effect of law; and (II) is designated by an agency official as setting forth— (aa) a policy on a statutory, regulatory, or technical issue; or (bb) an interpretation of a statutory or regulatory issue; and (ii) may include— (I) a memorandum; (II) a notice; (III) a bulletin; (IV) a directive; (V) a news release; (VI) a letter; (VII) a blog post; (VIII) a no-action letter; (IX) a speech by an agency official; and (X) any combination of the items described in subclauses (I) through (IX). (B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The term ‘‘guidance document’’— (i) shall be construed broadly to effectuate the purpose and intent of this Act; and (ii) shall not be limited to the items de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii). (b) P
UBLICATION OF GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS  
ON THE INTERNET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date on which an agency issues a guidance document, the agency shall publish the guidance document in accordance with the requirements under paragraph (3). (2) P
REVIOUSLY ISSUED GUIDANCE DOCU -
MENTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency shall publish, in accordance with the require-ments under paragraph (3), any guidance document issued by that agency that is in ef-fect on that date. (3) S
INGLE LOCATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—All guidance documents published under paragraphs (1) and (2) by an agency shall be published in a single location on the Internet website under section 206(d) of the E-Government Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note) (commonly known as regula-tions.gov). (B) A
GENCY INTERNET WEBSITES .—Each agency shall, for guidance documents pub-lished by the agency under paragraphs (1) and (2), publish a hyperlink on the Internet website of the agency that provides access to the guidance documents at the location de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (C) O
RGANIZATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The guidance documents described in subparagraph (A) shall be— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.055 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5303 July 24, 2018 
(I) categorized as guidance documents; and (II) further divided into subcategories as appropriate. (ii) A
GENCY INTERNET WEBSITES .—The hyperlinks described in subparagraph (B) shall be prominently displayed on the Inter-net website of the agency. (4) R
ESCINDED GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS .—On the date on which a guidance document issued by an agency is rescinded, the agency shall, at the location described in paragraph (3)(A)— (A) maintain the rescinded guidance docu-ment; and (B) indicate— (i) that the guidance document is re-scinded; and (ii) the date on which the guidance docu-ment was rescinded. (5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to compel or au-thorize the disclosure of information that is prohibited from disclosure by law. 
SA 3498. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORTING REQUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7131 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e)(1)(A) Not later than March 31 of each calendar year, the Office of Personnel Man-agement, in consultation with the Office of Management and Budget, shall submit to each House of Congress a report on the oper-ation of this section during the fiscal year last ending before the start of such calendar year. ‘‘(B) Not later than December 31 of each calendar year, each agency (as defined by section 7103(a)(3)) shall furnish to the Office of Personnel Management the information which such Office requires, with respect to such agency, for purposes of the report which is next due under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) Each report by the Office of Personnel Management under this subsection shall in-clude, with respect to the fiscal year de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A), at least the fol-lowing information: ‘‘(A) The total amount of official time granted to employees. ‘‘(B) The average amount of official time expended per bargaining unit employee. ‘‘(C) The specific types of activities or pur-poses for which official time was granted, and the impact which the granting of such official time for such activities or purposes had on agency operations. ‘‘(D) The total number of employees to whom official time was granted, and, of that total, the number who were not engaged in any activities or purposes except activities or purposes involving the use of official time. ‘‘(E) The total amount of compensation (including fringe benefits) afforded to em-ployees in connection with activities or pur-poses for which they were granted official time. ‘‘(F) The total amount of official time spent by employees representing Federal em-ployees who are not union members in mat-ters authorized by this chapter. ‘‘(G) A description of any room or space designated at the agency (or its subcompo-nent) where official time activities will be conducted, including the square footage of any such room or space. ‘‘(3) All information included in a report by the Office of Personnel Management under this subsection with respect to a fiscal year— ‘‘(A) shall be shown both agency-by-agency and for all agencies; and ‘‘(B) shall be accompanied by the cor-responding information (submitted by the Office in its report under this subsection) for the fiscal year before the fiscal year to which such report pertains, together with appro-priate comparisons and analyses. ‘‘(4) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘official time’ means any period of time, regardless of agency nomenclature— ‘‘(A) which may be granted to an employee under this chapter (including a collective bargaining agreement entered into under this chapter) to perform representational or consultative functions; and ‘‘(B) during which the employee would oth-erwise be in a duty status.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall be effective beginning with the report which, under the provisions of such amendment, is first required to be submitted by the Office of Personnel Man-agement to each House of Congress by a date which occurs at least 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 3499. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 604 and 608. On page 188, line 14, strike ‘‘transfers:’’ and all that follows through line 18 and insert ‘‘transfers.’’. On page 238, line 9, strike ‘‘transfers:’’ and all that follows through line 13 and insert ‘‘transfers.’’. 
SA 3500. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. (a) No funds made available under this Act may be used for taxpayer funded union time under section 7131 of title 5 of the United States Code, unless— (1) the time is authorized for an employee to represent an exclusive representative in the negotiation of a collective bargaining agreement under section 7131(a) of title 5, United States Code; (2) the time is authorized for an employee to conduct activities described in section 4(a)(v)(2) of Executive Order 13837 (83 Fed. Reg. 25335; relating to ensuring trans-parency, accountability, and efficiency in taxpayer-funded union time use)); or (3) the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget has submitted to Congress, with respect to fiscal year 2018, a report that includes, both agency-by-agency and for all agencies, the following: (A) The total amount of taxpayer funded union time granted to employees. (B) The average amount of taxpayer funded union time expended per bargaining unit em-ployee. (C) The specific types of activities or pur-poses for which taxpayer funded union time was granted, and the impact which the granting of such taxpayer funded union time for such activities or purposes had on agency operations. (D) The total number of employees to whom taxpayer funded union time was granted, and, of that total, the number who were not engaged in any activities or pur-poses except activities or purposes involving the use of taxpayer funded union time. (E) The total amount of compensation (in-cluding fringe benefits) afforded to employ-ees in connection with activities or purposes for which they were granted taxpayer funded union time. (F) The total amount of taxpayer funded union time spent by employees representing Federal employees who are not union mem-bers in matters authorized by chapter 71 of title 5, United States Code. (G) A description of any room or space des-ignated at the agency (or its subcomponent) where taxpayer funded union time activities are conducted, including the square footage of any such room or space. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘taxpayer funded union time’’ means any period of time, regardless of agency nomenclature— (1) which may be granted to an employee under chapter 71 of title 5, United States Code, to perform representational or consult-ative functions; and (2) during which the employee would other-wise be in a duty status. SA 3501. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. E RNST , and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act with respect to any fiscal year may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule with the regulation identifier number 0910–AG38 published by the Food and Drug Administration in the Fed-eral Register on May 10, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 28974) with respect to traditional large and premium cigars. For the purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘traditional large and pre-mium cigar’’ means— (1) any roll of tobacco that is wrapped in 100 percent leaf tobacco, is bunched with 100 percent tobacco filler, contains no filter, tip, or non-tobacco mouthpiece, weighs at least 6 pounds per 1,000 count; and (A) has a 100 percent leaf tobacco binder and is hand rolled; (B) has a 100 percent leaf tobacco binder and is made using human hands to lay the leaf tobacco wrapper or binder onto only one machine that bunches, wraps, and caps each individual cigar; or (C) has a homogenized tobacco leaf binder and is made in the United States using human hands to lay each 100 percent leaf to-bacco wrapper individually onto a single ma-chine that bunches, wraps, and caps each in-dividual cigar on such single machine and makes no more than 15 cigars per minute; and (2) is not a cigarette or a little cigar (as such terms are defined in paragraphs (3) and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.056 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5304 July 24, 2018 
(11), respectively, of section 900 of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387)). 
SA 3502. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. R OUNDS , Ms. S
MITH, and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion D, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. WORKING GROUP ON IMPROVING THE LIVESTOCK, INSECT, AND AGRI-CULTURAL COMMODITIES TRANS-PORT INDUSTRIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
GRICULTURAL COMMODITY .—The term ‘‘agricultural commodity’’ means— (A) an agricultural commodity as defined in section 518 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1518); and (B) an agricultural commodity as defined in section 395.2 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). (2) L
IVESTOCK .—The term ‘‘livestock’’ has the meaning given the term in section 602 of the Emergency Livestock Feed Assistance Act of 1988 (7 U.S.C. 1471). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Transportation. (4) W
ORKING GROUP .—The term ‘‘working group’’ means the working group established by the Secretary under subsection (b). (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a working group— (1) to identify obstacles to safe, humane, and market-efficient transport of livestock, insects, and agricultural commodities; and (2) to develop guidelines and recommended regulatory or legislative actions to improve the safe, humane, and efficient transport of livestock, insects, and agricultural commod-ities. (c) O
UTREACH .—In carrying out the duties of the working group under subsection (b), the working group shall consult with— (1) interested Governors; (2) representatives of State and local agri-cultural and highway safety agencies; (3) other representatives of relevant State and local agencies; (4) members of the public with experience in— (A) the livestock, insect, and agricultural commodities industries; (B) the livestock trucking industry; or (C) transportation safety; and (5) any other groups or stakeholders that the working group determines to be appro-priate. (d) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the duties of the working group under subsection (b), the working group shall— (1) consider the impact of the existing hours of service regulations under subpart A of part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or successor regulations), on the commercial transport of livestock, insects, and agricultural commodities; (2) identify incompatibilities and other challenges and concerns caused by the hours of service regulations described in paragraph (1) and electronic logging device regulations under subpart B of part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions), on the transport of livestock, insects, and agricultural commodities; (3) identify initiatives and regulatory changes that maintain and protect the safe-ty of highways and allow for the safe, effi-cient, and productive marketplace transport of livestock, insects, and agricultural com-modities; and (4) consider such other issues as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (e) COMPOSITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary (or a des-ignee) shall serve as the chair of the working group. (2) M
EMBERSHIP .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The working group shall be composed of members appointed by the Secretary, including individuals with knowl-edge and expertise that includes highway safety, the commercial motor vehicle and transportation industries, animal husbandry, and the transportation of livestock, insects, and agricultural commodities. (B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The working group shall include, at a minimum, representatives of— (i) the Department of Agriculture; (ii) State agencies, including State depart-ments of agriculture and transportation; (iii) highway and commercial motor vehi-cle safety organizations; (iv) agricultural producers including pro-ducers of livestock, insects, and agricultural commodities; and (v) commercial motor vehicle operators, including small business operators and oper-ators who haul livestock, insects, and agri-cultural commodities. (f) W
ORKING GROUP REPORT AND REGU-
LATORY ACTION .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the working group is es-tablished, the working group shall submit to the Secretary a report that includes— (A) the findings of the working group, in-cluding a summary of the views expressed by individuals and entities consulted under sub-section (c); and (B) the initiatives and regulatory and leg-islative changes that the working group identifies as necessary to protect the safety of highways and allow for the safe, efficient, and productive marketplace transport of livestock, insects, and agricultural commod-ities. (2) R
EGULATORY CHANGES .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Sec-retary receives the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall propose regulatory changes that take into account the findings and recommendations of the working group, including— (A) changes to the hours of service regula-tions under subpart A of part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); (B) changes to the electronic logging de-vice regulations under subpart B of part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), including changes to regulations relating to the performance and design of electronic logging devices; and (C) any other changes that the working group recommends. (3) A
PPLICATION .—Subsections (a) through (f) of section 31137 of title 49, United States Code (including any regulations promulgated to carry out those subsections), shall not apply to commercial motor vehicles hauling livestock, insects, or agricultural commod-ities until the date on which the Secretary proposes regulatory changes under para-graph (2). (g) R
EPORT AND RECOMMENDATIONS BY SEC-
RETARY .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the re-port of the working group under subsection (f)(1), the Secretary shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report, including— (1) a summary of the views expressed by the individuals and entities consulted under subsection (c); (2) a description of the findings of the working group, including the identification of any areas of general consensus among the non-Federal participants in the consultation under subsection (c); and (3) any recommendations for legislative or regulatory action that would assist in main-taining and improving the safe, humane, and market-efficient transport of livestock, in-sects, and agricultural commodities. SA 3503. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—PROTECTING AMERICAN VOTES AND ELECTIONS 
SEC. ll1. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting American Votes and Elections Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. ll2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Access to the ballot, free and fair elec-tions, and a trustworthy election process are at the core of American Democracy. Just as the Founding Fathers signed their names to paper supporting their views for a govern-ment by and for the people, access to the paper ballot is the best way to ensure elec-tions stay by and for the American people. Using paper provides an easily auditable, tamper proof, and simple way for citizens to access their ballot. It is for these reasons and more that using paper ballots to ensure resilient and fair elections should be the pri-ority of this Nation. (2) Risk-limiting audits will help to pro-tect our elections from cyberattacks, by en-suring that if the electoral outcome is incor-rect, for instance because someone tampered with the electronic counts or reporting, the audit has a large, known probability of cor-recting the outcome by requiring a full hand count. Paper ballots are vital to the audit process since, other than through manual in-spection of a sample of paper ballots, there is currently no reliable way to determine whether an election was hacked or the out-come was miscalculated. (3) Risk-limiting audits are a cost effective way of auditing election results. They gen-erally require inspecting only a small per-centage of the ballots cast in an election, and proceed to a full hand count only when sampling does not provide strong evidence that the reported outcome is correct. This will ensure that Americans have confidence in their election results, without the cost of a full recount of every ballot in the country. 
SEC. ll3. PAPER BALLOT AND MANUAL COUNT-ING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 301(a)(2) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21081(a)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
APER BALLOT REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) V
OTER -VERIFIED PAPER BALLOTS .— ‘‘(i) P
APER BALLOT REQUIREMENT .—(I) The voting system shall require the use of an in-dividual, durable, voter-verified, paper ballot of the voter’s vote that shall be marked and made available for inspection and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.049 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5305 July 24, 2018 
verification by the voter before the voter’s vote is cast and counted, and which shall be counted by hand or read by an optical char-acter recognition device or other counting device. For purposes of this subclause, the term ‘individual, durable, voter-verified, paper ballot’ means a paper ballot marked by the voter by hand or a paper ballot marked through the use of a nontabulating ballot marking device or system, so long as the voter shall have the option to mark his or her ballot by hand. ‘‘(II) Except as required to meet the acces-sibility requirements under paragraph (3), the printed or marked vote selections on any ballot marked through the use of a ballot marking device or system that are used for vote counting or auditing shall allow inspec-tion and verification by the voter under sub-clause (I) without the aid of any machine or other equipment. ‘‘(III) The voting system shall provide the voter with an opportunity to correct any error on the paper ballot before the perma-nent voter-verified paper ballot is preserved in accordance with clause (ii). ‘‘(IV) The voting system shall not preserve the voter-verified paper ballots in any man-ner that makes it possible, at any time after the ballot has been cast, to associate a voter with the record of the voter’s vote without the voter’s consent. ‘‘(ii) P
RESERVATION AS OFFICIAL RECORD .— The individual, durable, voter-verified, paper ballot used in accordance with clause (i) shall constitute the official ballot and shall be preserved and used as the official ballot for purposes of any recount or audit con-ducted with respect to any election for Fed-eral office in which the voting system is used. ‘‘(iii) M
ANUAL COUNTING REQUIREMENTS FOR  
RECOUNTS AND AUDITS .—(I) Each paper ballot used pursuant to clause (i) shall be suitable for a manual audit, and shall be counted by hand in any recount or audit conducted with respect to any election for Federal office. ‘‘(II) In the event of any inconsistencies or irregularities between any electronic vote tallies and the vote tallies determined by counting by hand the individual, durable, voter-verified, paper ballots used pursuant to clause (i), and subject to subparagraph (B), the individual, durable, voter-verified, paper ballots shall be the true and correct record of the votes cast. ‘‘(iv) A
PPLICATION TO ALL BALLOTS .—The requirements of this subparagraph shall apply to all ballots cast in elections for Fed-eral office, including ballots cast by absent uniformed services voters and overseas vot-ers under the Uniformed and Overseas Citi-zens Absentee Voting Act and other absentee voters. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TREATMENT OF DIS -
PUTES WHEN PAPER BALLOTS HAVE BEEN SHOWN  
TO BE COMPROMISED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the event that— ‘‘(I) there is any inconsistency between any electronic vote tallies and the vote tal-lies determined by counting by hand the in-dividual, durable, voter-verified, paper bal-lots used pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i) with respect to any election for Federal of-fice; and ‘‘(II) it is demonstrated by clear and con-vincing evidence (as determined in accord-ance with the applicable standards in the ju-risdiction involved) in any recount, audit, or contest of the result of the election that the paper ballots have been compromised (by damage or mischief or otherwise) and that a sufficient number of the ballots have been so compromised that the result of the election could be changed, the determination of the appropriate remedy with respect to the election shall be made in accordance with applicable State law, except that the electronic tally shall not be used as the exclusive basis for determining the offi-cial certified result. ‘‘(ii) RULE FOR CONSIDERATION OF BALLOTS  
ASSOCIATED WITH EACH VOTING MACHINE .—For purposes of clause (i), only the paper ballots deemed compromised, if any, shall be consid-ered in the calculation of whether or not the result of the election could be changed due to the compromised paper ballots.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT CLARIFYING  A
PPLICABILITY OF ALTERNATIVE LANGUAGE  A
CCESSIBILITY .—Section 301(a)(4) of such Act (52 U.S.C. 21081(a)(4)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including the paper ballots required to be used under paragraph (2))’’ after ‘‘voting sys-tem’’. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Sec- tion 301(a)(1) of such Act (52 U.S.C. 21081(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘counted’’ and inserting ‘‘counted, in accord-ance with paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; (2) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘counted’’ and inserting ‘‘counted, in accord-ance with paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; (3) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘counted’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘counted, in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; and (4) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘counted’’ and inserting ‘‘counted, in accord-ance with paragraphs (2) and (3)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Notwithstanding sec-tion 301(d) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21081(d)), each State and juris-diction shall be required to comply with the amendments made by this section for the regularly scheduled election for Federal of-fice in November 2020, and for each subse-quent election for Federal office. 
SEC. ll4. ACCESSIBILITY AND BALLOT VERIFICATION FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 301(a)(3)(B) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21081(a)(3)(B)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B)(i) satisfy the requirement of subpara-graph (A) through the use of at least 1 voting system equipped for individuals with disabil-ities, including nonvisual and enhanced vis-ual accessibility for the blind and visually impaired, and nonmanual and enhanced man-ual accessibility for the mobility and dex-terity impaired, at each polling place; and ‘‘(ii) meet the requirements of subpara-graph (A) and paragraph (2)(A) by using a system that allows the voter to privately and independently verify the permanent paper ballot through the presentation, in ac-cessible form, of the printed or marked vote selections from the same printed or marked information that would be used for any vote counting or auditing; and’’. (b) S
PECIFIC REQUIREMENT OF STUDY , TEST-
ING, ANDDEVELOPMENT OF ACCESSIBLE PAPER  B
ALLOT VERIFICATION MECHANISMS .— (1) S
TUDY AND REPORTING .—Subtitle C of title II of such Act (52 U.S.C. 21081 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 246 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 246A. STUDY AND REPORT ON ACCESSIBLE PAPER BALLOT VERIFICATION MECHANISMS. 
‘‘(a) S TUDY AND REPORT .—The Director of the National Science Foundation shall make grants to not fewer than 3 eligible entities to study, test, and develop accessible paper bal-lot voting, verification, and casting mecha-nisms and devices and best practices to en-hance the accessibility of paper ballot voting and verification mechanisms for individuals with disabilities, for voters whose primary language is not English, and for voters with difficulties in literacy, including best prac-tices for the mechanisms themselves and the processes through which the mechanisms are used. ‘‘(b) ELIGIBILITY .—An entity is eligible to receive a grant under this part if it submits to the Director (at such time and in such form as the Director may require) an appli-cation containing— ‘‘(1) certifications that the entity shall specifically investigate enhanced methods or devices, including non-electronic devices, that will assist such individuals and voters in marking voter-verified paper ballots and presenting or transmitting the information printed or marked on such ballots back to such individuals and voters, and casting such ballots; ‘‘(2) a certification that the entity shall complete the activities carried out with the grant not later than December 31, 2020; and ‘‘(3) such other information and certifi-cations as the Director may require. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF TECHNOLOGY .—Any technology developed with the grants made under this section shall be treated as non- proprietary and shall be made available to the public, including to manufacturers of voting systems. ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION WITHGRANTS FOR TECH-
NOLOGY IMPROVEMENTS .—The Director shall carry out this section so that the activities carried out with the grants made under sub-section (a) are coordinated with the research conducted under the grant program carried out by the Commission under section 271, to the extent that the Director and Commission determine necessary to provide for the ad-vancement of accessible voting technology. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out subsection (a) $10,000,000, to remain available until expended.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 246 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 246A. Study and report on accessible paper ballot verification mech-anisms.’’. 
SEC. ll5. RISK-LIMITING AUDITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21081 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 303 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 303A. RISK-LIMITING AUDITS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) R
ISK-LIMITING AUDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘risk-limiting audit’ means a post-election process such that, if the reported outcome of the contest is incorrect, there is at least a 95 percent chance that the audit will replace the incor-rect outcome with the correct outcome as determined by a full, hand-to-eye tabulation of all votes validly cast in that election con-test that ascertains voter intent manually and directly from voter-verifiable paper records. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTED OUTCOME .—The term ‘re-ported outcome’ means the outcome of an election contest which is determined accord-ing to the canvass and which will become the official, certified outcome unless it is revised by an audit, recount, or other legal process. ‘‘(C) I
NCORRECT OUTCOME .—The term ‘incor-rect outcome’ means an outcome that differs from the outcome that would be determined by a full tabulation of all votes validly cast in that election contest, determining voter intent manually, directly from voter- verifiable paper records. ‘‘(D) O
UTCOME .—The term ‘outcome’ means the winner or set of winners of an election contest, which might be candidates or posi-tions. ‘‘(2) B
ALLOT MANIFEST .—The term ‘ballot manifest’ means a record maintained by each county that— ‘‘(A) is created without reliance on any part of the voting system used to tabulate votes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.053 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5306 July 24, 2018 
‘‘(B) functions as a sampling frame for con-ducting a risk-limiting audit; and ‘‘(C) contains the following information about ballots cast and counted: ‘‘(i) The total number of ballots cast and counted in the election (including under-votes, overvotes, and other invalid votes). ‘‘(ii) The total number of ballots cast in each contest in the election (including undervotes, overvotes, and other invalid votes). ‘‘(iii) A precise description of the manner in which the ballots are physically stored, including the total number of physical groups of ballots, the numbering system for each group, a unique label for each group, and the number of ballots in each such group. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) A
UDITS .—Each State and jurisdiction shall administer risk-limiting audits of the results of all elections for Federal office held in the State in accordance with the require-ments of paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) F
ULL MANUAL TALLY .—If a risk-lim-iting audit conducted under subparagraph (A) leads to a full manual tally of an election contest, the State or jurisdiction shall use the results of the full manual tally as the of-ficial results of the election contest. ‘‘(2) A
UDIT REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) R
ULES AND PROCEDURES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Risk-limiting audits shall be conducted in accordance with the rules and procedures established by the chief State election official of the State not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘(ii) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The rules and procedures established under clause (i) may include the following: ‘‘(I) Rules for ensuring the security of bal-lots and documenting that prescribed proce-dures were followed. ‘‘(II) Rules and procedures for ensuring the accuracy of ballot manifests produced by ju-risdictions. ‘‘(III) Rules and procedures for governing the format of ballot manifests, cast vote records, and other data involved in risk-lim-iting audits. ‘‘(IV) Methods to ensure that any cast vote records used in a risk-limiting audit are those used by the voting system to tally the election results sent to the Secretary of State and made public. ‘‘(V) Procedures for the random selection of ballots to be inspected manually during each audit. ‘‘(VI) Rules for the calculations and other methods to be used in the audit and to deter-mine whether and when the audit of each contest is complete. ‘‘(VII) Procedures and requirements for testing any software used to conduct risk- limiting audits. ‘‘(B) T
IMING .—The risk-limiting audit shall be completed not later than the date that the result of the election is certified by the State. ‘‘(C) P
UBLIC REPORT .—After the completion of the risk-limiting audit, the State shall publish a report on the results of the audit, together with such information as necessary to confirm that the audit was conducted properly. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Each State and ju-risdiction shall be required to comply with the requirements of this section for the regu-larly scheduled election for Federal office in November 2020, and for each subsequent elec-tion for Federal office.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO  E
NFORCEMENT .—Section 401 of such Act (52 U.S.C. 21111) is amended by striking ‘‘and 303’’ and inserting ‘‘303, and 303A’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for such Act is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 303 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 303A. Risk-limiting audits.’’. 
SA 3504. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Ms. S TABENOW ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, using the latest version of National Fire Protection Association 403, ‘‘Standard for Aircraft Rescue and Fire-Fighting Serv-ices at Airports’’, and in coordination with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, aircraft manufacturers and airports, shall not require the use of fluorinated chemicals to meet the perform-ance standards referenced in chapter 6 of AC No: 150/5210–6D and acceptable under 139.319(l) of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
SA 3505. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 148, line 25, strike ‘‘$17,500,000’’ and insert ‘‘$28,800,000’’. 
SA 3506. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division D, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. (a)(1) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for the National Secu-rity Multi-Mission Vessel Program may be used on or after the date of the enactment of this Act to enter into a contract related to the acquisition, construction, or conversion of a vessel unless— (A) the vessel is to be constructed or con-verted in the United States; and (B) the steel, iron, aluminum, and manu-factured products to be used in the construc-tion or conversion of the vessel are produced in the United States. (2) The head of the agency responsible for a contract described under paragraph (1) may waive the restriction under such paragraph on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writ-ing to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives that adequate domestic supplies are not available on a timely and cost-competitive basis. (b)(1) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for the National Security Multi- Mission Vessel Program may be used to pro-cure any of the following components for vessels unless the items are manufactured in the United States: (A) Circuit breakers. (B) Welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain with a diameter of four inches or less. (C) Power conversion equipment. (D) Electric generators and alternators. (E) Auxiliary equipment, including pumps, for all shipboard services. (F) Propulsion system components (en-gines, reduction gears, and propellers). (G) Shipboard cranes. (H) Spreaders for shipboard cranes. (I) Capstans. (J) Winches. (K) Hoists. (L) Outboard motors. (M) Windlasses. (N) To the extent they are unique to ma-rine applications, gyrocompasses, electronic navigation chart systems, steering controls, pumps, propulsion and machinery control systems, and totally enclosed lifeboats. (O) Powered and non-powered valves in Federal Supply Classes 4810 and 4820. (P) Machine tools in the Federal Supply Classes for metal-working machinery num-bered 3405, 3408, 3410 through 3419, 3426, 3433, 3438, 3441 through 3443, 3445, 3446, 3448, 3449, 3460, and 3461. (2) The head of the agency responsible for a procurement described in paragraph (1)may waive the restrictions under such paragraph on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writ-ing to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives that adequate domestic supplies are not available on a timely and cost-competitive basis. (3) The restrictions under paragraph (1) shall not apply to contracts in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act or to a procurement of spare or repair parts need-ed to support components for vessels pro-duced or manufactured outside of the United States. SA 3507. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 223, line 21, strike ‘‘$44,490,000’’ and insert ‘‘49,490,000’’. 
SA 3508. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency makes an appointment under section 11(b) of the Safe Drinking Water Act Amendments of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 300j–10), the Administrator shall pro-vide notification of the appointment to— (1) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.053 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5307 July 24, 2018 
(2) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; (4) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (5) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; and (6) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. (b) The notification under subsection (a) shall include the following information about the appointment: (1) The name of the appointee. (2) The title of the appointee. (3) The salary of the appointee. (4) A detailed justification explaining why the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency deemed the appointment necessary to appropriately discharge the functions of the Administrator under the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.) and other provisions of law. 
SA 3509. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. (a) U NDUE HARDSHIP .—No funds made available in this or any other appro-priations Act may be used, including by any contractor of the Federal Government, to contest a claim that is made— (1) in any proceeding under section 523(a)(8) of title 11, United States Code, that except-ing a debt from discharge would constitute an undue hardship; ; and (2) by a debtor who— (A) is receiving benefits under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) or title XVI of that Act (42 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.) on the basis of disability; (B) has been determined by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to be unemployable due to a service-connected disability; (C) is a family caregiver of an eligible vet-eran pursuant to section 1720G of title 38; (D) is a member of a household that has a gross income that is less than 200 percent of the poverty line, and provides for the care and support of an elderly, disabled, or chron-ically ill member of the household of the debtor or member of the immediate family of the debtor; (E) is a member of a household that has a gross income that is less than 200 percent of the poverty line, and the income of the debt-or is solely derived from benefit payments under section 202 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 402); or (F) during the 5-year period preceding the filing of the petition (exclusive of any appli-cable suspension of the repayment period), was not enrolled in an education program and had a gross income that was less than 200 percent of the poverty line during each year during that period. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘poverty line’’ means the poverty line (as de-fined by the Office of Management and Budg-et and revised annually in accordance with section 673(2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2)) applicable to a household of the size involved. (c) 85/15 R
ULE.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal years 2019 through 2028, no funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act shall be provided, directly or indirectly, to any proprietary in-stitution of higher education (as defined in section 102(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(b))) that derives less than 15 percent of the institution’s revenue from sources other than Federal financial assist-ance provided under this or any other appro-priations Act or any other Federal law, through a grant, contract, subsidy, loan, guarantee, insurance, or other means, in-cluding Federal financial assistance that is disbursed or delivered to an institution or on behalf of a student or to a student to be used to attend the institution, except that such assistance shall not include any monthly housing stipend provided under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program under chap-ter 33 of title 38, United States Code. SA 3510. Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VII of di-vision C, insert the following: S
EC. ll. The authority of the Secretary of Health and Human Services to regulate di-rect-to-consumer advertising of prescription drugs, pursuant to the authorities under sec-tions 502(n) and 503C of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 352(n), 353c), shall include the authority to require such advertising to include an appropriate disclosure of pricing information with re-spect to such drugs. 
SA 3511. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. 1ll. (a) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Transportation (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall submit to Congress a report on the need for repair or replacement of bridges on public roads (in-cluding Tribal roads) that— (1) have been rated as ‘‘poor’’ in the Na-tional Bridge Inventory pursuant to section 144 of title 23, United States Code; (2) have features that do not meet applica-ble engineering standards for the present use of the bridges, if the entity with responsi-bility for repair or replacement of the appli-cable bridge, in responding to the Secretary under subsection (b), states that the bridge is prioritized for repair or replacement; or (3) have structural elements the failure of which would cause the bridge or a portion of the bridge to collapse, if the entity with re-sponsibility for repair or replacement of the applicable bridge, in responding to the Sec-retary under subsection (b), states that the bridge is prioritized for repair or replace-ment. (b) In preparing the report under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall solicit from State departments of transportation and other entities with responsibility for the re-pair or replacement of bridges described in subsection (a) information on the readiness of those projects to commence construction and the cost of the project if Federal grant assistance was available to pay not less than 50 percent of the project costs eligible for as-sistance under title 23, United States Code, not including the proceeds from credit as-sistance under the TIFIA program (as de-fined in section 601(a) of that title). (c) In preparing the report under sub-section (a), a bridge shall be included only if the entity with responsibility for repair or replacement of the applicable bridge— (1) responds to the solicitation made by the Secretary under subsection (b); (2) identifies each bridge project or cat-egory of smaller bridge projects, consistent with subsection (d), that the entity requests to include in the report; and (3) provides to the Secretary information necessary to complete the report, as de-scribed by the Secretary in the solicitation under subsection (b). (d) In the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) identify— (A) each bridge project with total eligible project costs greater than $10,000,000; and (B) categories of smaller bridge projects identified by responsible entities for other bridge projects; (2) collect from entities with responsibility for repair or replacement of an applicable bridge— (A) the timing and budget for each bridge project or category of smaller bridge projects as reported in the applicable trans-portation plans under sections 134 or 135 of title 23, United States Code; or (B) an explanation from those entities as to why such projects or categories of smaller bridge projects are not included in those ap-plicable transportation plans; and (3) distinguish between urban and rural bridge projects and categories of smaller bridge projects identified by responsible en-tities. SA 3512. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 17, line 4, strike ‘‘$88,910,000’’ and insert ‘‘$96,910,000’’. On page 40, line 7, strike ‘‘$134,673,000’’ and insert ‘‘$126,673,000’’. 
SA 3513. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 437, line 22, strike ‘‘133(b)(1)(A)’’ and insert ‘‘133(b)’’. On page 438, line 12, strike ‘‘133(b)(1)(A)’’ and insert ‘‘133(b)’’. On page 438, line 18, strike ‘‘133(b)(1)(A)’’ and insert ‘‘133(b)’’. On page 438, line 25, strike ‘‘133(b)(1)(A)’’ and insert ‘‘133(b)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.052 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5308 July 24, 2018 
SA 3514. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 414, line 24, strike the period and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That in distributing funds made available under this heading, the Secretary shall ensure that each State receives not less than $2 per cap-ita, except in a case in which such a distribu-tion would require the provision of funds to a project without an acceptable technical rating.’’. 
SA 3515. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 414, line 24, strike the period and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That not less than 30 days before making grants with funds made available under this head-ing, the Secretary shall make publicly avail-able a list of the merit-based technical rat-ings of the Department of Transportation for each application for a grant under this head-ing.’’. 
SA 3516. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. PROHIBITION. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 2 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 40A. Operation of unauthorized unmanned aircraft over wildfires ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), an individual who operates an unmanned aircraft and in so doing know-ingly or recklessly interferes with a wildfire suppression, or law enforcement or emer-gency response efforts related to a wildfire suppression, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not less than 1 year, or both. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section does not apply to the operation of an unmanned air-craft conducted by a unit or agency of the United States Government or of a State, tribal, or local government (including any individual conducting such operation pursu-ant to a contract or other agreement entered into with the unit or agency) for the purpose of protecting the public safety and welfare, including firefighting, law enforcement, or emergency response. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions shall apply: ‘‘(1) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT .—The term ‘un-manned aircraft’ has the meaning given the term in section 331 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note). ‘‘(2) WILDFIRE .—The term ‘wildfire’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Emergency Wildfire Suppression Act (42 U.S.C. 1856m). ‘‘(3) W
ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION .—The term ‘wildfire suppression’ means an effort to con-tain, extinguish, or suppress a wildfire.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 2 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 40 the fol-lowing: ‘‘40A. Operation of unauthorized unmanned aircraft over wildfires.’’. 
SA 3517. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 5, line 5, strike the period and in-sert the following: ‘‘: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $2,000,000 shall be made available to carry out the Colorado River Basin salinity con-trol program.’’. 
SA 3518. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division D, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. STOP DANGEROUS SANCTUARY CITIES ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cit-ies Act’’. (b) E
NSURING THAT LOCAL AND FEDERAL  L
AWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS MAYCOOPERATE  
TOSAFEGUARD OURCOMMUNITIES .— (1) A
UTHORITY TO COOPERATE WITH FEDERAL  
OFFICIALS .—A State, a political subdivision of a State, or an officer, employee, or agent of such State or political subdivision that complies with a detainer issued by the De-partment of Homeland Security under sec-tion 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357)— (A) shall be deemed to be acting as an agent of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; and (B) with regard to actions taken to comply with the detainer, shall have all authority available to officers and employees of the Department of Homeland Security. (2) L
EGAL PROCEEDINGS .—In any legal pro-ceeding brought against a State, a political subdivision of a State, or an officer, em-ployee, or agent of such State or political subdivision, which challenges the legality of the seizure or detention of an individual pur-suant to a detainer issued by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357)— (A) no liability shall lie against the State or political subdivision of a State for actions taken in compliance with the detainer; and (B) if the actions of the officer, employee, or agent of the State or political subdivision were taken in compliance with the de-tainer— (i) the officer, employee, or agent shall be deemed— (I) to be an employee of the Federal Gov-ernment and an investigative or law enforce-ment officer; and (II) to have been acting within the scope of his or her employment under section 1346(b) and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code; (ii) section 1346(b) of title 28, United States Code, shall provide the exclusive remedy for the plaintiff; and (iii) the United States shall be substituted as defendant in the proceeding. (3) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to provide im-munity to any person who knowingly vio-lates the civil or constitutional rights of an individual. (c) S
ANCTUARY JURISDICTION DEFINED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under paragraph (2), for purposes of this section the term ‘‘sanctuary jurisdiction’’ means any State or political subdivision of a State that has in effect a statute, ordinance, policy, or practice that prohibits or restricts any gov-ernment entity or official from— (A) sending, receiving, maintaining, or ex-changing with any Federal, State, or local government entity information regarding the citizenship or immigration status (lawful or unlawful) of any individual; or (B) complying with a request lawfully made by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity under section 236 or 287 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357) to comply with a detainer for, or notify about the release of, an individual. (2) E
XCEPTION .—A State or political sub-division of a State shall not be deemed a sanctuary jurisdiction based solely on its having a policy whereby its officials will not share information regarding, or comply with a request made by the Department of Home-land Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357) to comply with a detainer re-garding, an individual who comes forward as a victim or a witness to a criminal offense. (d) S
ANCTUARY JURISDICTIONS INELIGIBLE  
FORCERTAIN FEDERAL FUNDS .— (1) E
CONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION  
GRANTS .— (A) G
RANTS FOR PUBLIC WORKS AND ECO -
NOMIC DEVELOPMENT .—Section 201(b) of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3141(b)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the area in which the project is to be carried out is not a sanctuary jurisdiction (as defined in subsection (c) of the Stop Dan-gerous Sanctuary Cities Act).’’. (B) G
RANTS FOR PLANNING AND ADMINISTRA -
TION.—Section 203(a) of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3143(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A sanctuary jurisdiction (as de-fined in subsection (c) of the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act) may not be deemed an eligible recipient under this subsection.’’. (C) S
UPPLEMENTARY GRANTS .—Section 205(a) of the Public Works and Economic De-velopment Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3145(a)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) will be carried out in an area that does not contain a sanctuary jurisdiction (as de-fined in subsection (c) of the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.051 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5309 July 24, 2018 
(D) G RANTS FOR TRAINING , RESEARCH , AND 
TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 207 of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3147) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(c) I
NELIGIBILITY OF SANCTUARY JURISDIC -
TIONS .—Grants funds under this section may not be used to provide assistance to a sanc-tuary jurisdiction (as defined in subsection (c) of the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act).’’. (2) C
OMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT BLOCK  
GRANTS .—Title I of the Housing and Commu-nity Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 102(a) (42 U.S.C. 5302(a)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(25) The term ‘sanctuary jurisdiction’ has the meaning provided in subsection (c) of the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act.’’. (B) in section 104 (42 U.S.C. 5304)— (i) in subsection (b)— (I) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (7); and (III) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following: ‘‘(6) the grantee is not a sanctuary juris-diction and will not become a sanctuary ju-risdiction during the period for which the grantee receives a grant under this title; and’’. (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) P
ROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS AGAINST  C
RIME.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No funds authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title may be obligated or expended for any State or unit of general local government that is a sanctuary jurisdiction. ‘‘(2) R
ETURNED AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) S
TATE .—If a State is a sanctuary ju-risdiction during the period for which it re-ceives amounts under this title, the Sec-retary— ‘‘(i) shall direct the State to immediately return to the Secretary any such amounts that the State received for that period; and ‘‘(ii) shall reallocate amounts returned under clause (i) for grants under this title to other States that are not sanctuary jurisdic-tions. ‘‘(B) U
NIT OF GENERAL LOCAL GOVERN -
MENT .—If a unit of general local government is a sanctuary jurisdiction during the period for which it receives amounts under this title, any such amounts that the unit of gen-eral local government received for that pe-riod— ‘‘(i) in the case of a unit of general local government that is not in a nonentitlement area, shall be returned to the Secretary for grants under this title to States and other units of general local government that are not sanctuary jurisdictions; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a unit of general local government that is in a nonentitlement area, shall be returned to the Governor of the State for grants under this title to other units of general local government in the State that are not sanctuary jurisdictions. ‘‘(C) R
EALLOCATION RULES .—In reallocating amounts under subparagraphs (A) and (B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) apply the relevant allocation formula under subsection (b), with all sanctuary ju-risdictions excluded; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be subject to the rules for re-allocation under subsection (c).’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection and the amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on October 1, 2018. 
SA 3519. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. 1ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act shall be used to administer, apply, or enforce requirements under sub-chapter IV of chapter 31 of part A of subtitle II of title 40, United States Code, or section 113 of title 23, United States Code, with re-spect to a project eligible under title 23, United States Code. 
SA 3520. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the final rule of the Department of Housing and Urban Development entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 42272 (July 16, 2015)) or to carry out the notice of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing Assessment Tool’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 57949 (September 26, 2014)). 
SA 3521. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in Division A, in-sert the following: 
INCREASE IN FUNDING FOR NATIONAL PARK  
SERVICE DEFERRED MAINTENANCE PROJECTS  S
EC. 433. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this division— (1) the amount provided by the matter under the heading ‘‘
LAND ACQUISITION ’’ under the heading ‘‘B
UREAU OF LANDMANAGEMENT ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR’’ in title I to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund for Fed-eral land acquisition shall be $3,392,000; (2) the amount provided by the matter under the heading ‘‘
LAND ACQUISITION ’’ under the heading ‘‘U
NITED STATES FISH AND WILD-
LIFE SERVICE ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPART-MENT OF THE INTERIOR’’ in title I to be derived from the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund for Federal land acquisition shall be $11,953,000; (3) the amount provided by the matter under the heading ‘‘
OPERATION OF THE NA -
TIONAL PARK SYSTEM ’’ under the heading ‘‘N
ATIONAL PARKSERVICE ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR’’ in title I shall be increased by $156,609,000, to be made available for deferred maintenance projects of the National Park Service; (4) the amount provided by the matter under the heading ‘‘
LAND ACQUISITION AND  
STATE ASSISTANCE ’’ under the heading ‘‘N A-
TIONAL PARK SERVICE ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR’’ in title I to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund for Federal land acquisi-tion shall be $8,788,000; and (5) the amount provided by the matter under the heading ‘‘LAND ACQUISITION (IN -
CLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS) ’’ under the heading ‘‘F
OREST SERVICE ’’ under the head-ing ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE’’ under the heading ‘‘RELATED AGENCIES’’ in title III to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund for Federal land acquisition shall be $0. 
SA 3522. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated by this Act to the Food and Drug Adminis-tration shall be used to enforce standards of identity with respect to a food that would be considered adulterated or misbranded for the sole reason that the labeling of such food contains a common or usual name of another food, provided that the name of such other food on the label is preceded by a promi-nently displayed qualifying prefix, word, or phrase that identifies— (1) an alternative plant or animal source that replaces some or all of the main charac-terizing ingredient or component of such other food; or (2) the absence of a primary characterizing plant or animal source, or of a nutrient, al-lergen, or other well-known component, that is ordinarily present in such other food. 
SA 3523. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. The final rule issued by the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army enti-tled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37054 (June 29, 2015)) is repealed, and, until such time as the Administrator and the Sec-retary issue a final rule after the date of en-actment of this Act that defines the scope of waters protected under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) and such new rule is in effect, any regulation or policy revised under, or otherwise affected as a result of, the rule repealed by this sec-tion shall be applied as if that repealed rule had not been issued. 
SA 3524. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 324, line 13, strike the colon and insert ‘‘; and of which $7,000,000 shall be available for marketing activities authorized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.050 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5310 July 24, 2018 
under section 204(b) of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1623(b)) to pro-vide to State departments of agriculture, State cooperative extension services, insti-tutions of higher education, and nonprofit organizations grants to carry out programs and provide technical assistance to promote innovation, process improvement, and mar-keting relating to dairy products:’’. 
SA 3525. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 411, line 19, strike ‘‘$1,000,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$500,000,000’’. On page 460, line 14, strike ‘‘$300,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$550,000,000’’. On page 463, line 10, strike ‘‘$650,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$900,000,000’’. 
SA 3526. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title IV of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. 4ll. The National Railroad Pas-senger Corporation shall grant a discount of not less than 15 percent on passenger fares to members of the public benefit corporation Veterans Advantage. 
SA 3527. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 462, line 13, strike ‘‘Act.’’ and in-sert ‘‘Act: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, not less than $150,000,000 shall be for projects for the implementation of positive train con-trol: Provided further, That in making grants using the amounts set aside under the pre-vious proviso, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to projects relating to commuter rail operations.’’. 
SA 3528. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TREATMENT OF CERTAIN UNPOPULATED CENSUS  
TRACTS UNDER NEW MARKETS TAX CREDIT  S
EC. lll. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45D(e)(4)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘is within’’ and inserting ‘‘is— ‘‘(i) within’’, (2) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end and insert-ing ‘‘or’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) a census tract with a population of zero, and’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to invest-ments made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 3529. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In title I of division D, insert the following after section 119F: S
EC. 119G. Of the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Grants-in-aid for Airports’’, up to $1,500,000 shall be for necessary expenses, in-cluding an independent verification regime, to provide reimbursement to airport spon-sors that do not provide gateway operations and providers of general aviation ground sup-port services located at airports within the 30-mile temporary flight restriction (TFR) area for any residence of the President that is designated or identified to be secured by the United States Secret Service, and for di-rect and incremental financial losses in-curred while such operators or service pro-viders are subject to operating restrictions solely due to the actions of the Federal Gov-ernment: Provided, That no funds shall be ob-ligated or distributed to airport sponsors that do not provide gateway operations and providers of general aviation ground support services until an independent audit is com-pleted: Provided further, That losses incurred as a result of violations of law, or through fault or negligence, of such operators and service providers or of third parties (includ-ing airports) are not eligible for reimburse-ments: Provided further, That obligation and expenditure of funds are conditional upon full release of the United States Government for all claims for financial losses resulting from such actions: Provided further, That the Secretary shall give priority to funding ap-plicants with the most significant, docu-mented financial losses due to these tem-porary flight restrictions: Provided further, That no funds shall be obligated or distrib-uted under this section to such operators or service providers that received reimburse-ment under section 119F. 
SA 3530. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, line 10, strike ‘‘$2,500,369,000’’ and insert ‘‘$2,501,312,000’’. On page 16, line 18, strike the period and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $3,051,000 shall be made available for the Partnership Wild and Scenic River Pro-gram.’’. On page 24, line 1, strike ‘‘$179,266,000’’ and insert ‘‘$178,323,000’’. On page 24, line 19, strike the period and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $60,856,000 shall be made available for conventional energy activities.’’. SA 3531. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, line 10, strike ‘‘$2,500,369,000’’ and insert ‘‘$2,501,312,000’’. On page 16, line 18, strike the period and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $3,051,000 shall be made available for the Partnership Wild and Scenic River Pro-gram.’’. On page 40, line 7, strike ‘‘$134,673,000’’ and insert ‘‘$133,730,000’’. 
SA 3532. Mr. MENENDEZ (for him-self, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 253, strike lines 20 through 25. 
SA 3533. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 142, between lines 16 and 17, insert the following: 
PROHIBITION OF OIL AND GAS LEASING IN CER -
TAIN AREAS OF THE OUTER CONTINENTAL  
SHELF  S
EC. 433. Section 8 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1337) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) P
ROHIBITION OF OIL AND GASLEASING  
INCERTAIN AREAS OF THE OUTER CONTI-
NENTAL SHELF .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section or any other law, the Secretary of the Interior shall not issue a lease or any other authorization for the ex-ploration, development, or production of oil, natural gas, or any other mineral in— ‘‘(1) the Mid-Atlantic planning area; ‘‘(2) the South Atlantic planning area; ‘‘(3) the North Atlantic planning area; or ‘‘(4) the Straits of Florida planning area.’’. 
SA 3534. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.058 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5311 July 24, 2018 
agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. Section 414(b) of the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11373(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) M
INIMUM ALLOCATION REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If, under the allocation provisions applicable under this subtitle, a metropolitan city or an urban county would receive a grant of less than .05 percent of the amounts appropriated under section 408 and made available to carry out this subtitle for any fiscal year, such amount shall be— ‘‘(A) in the case of the metropolitan city— ‘‘(i) reallocated to the urban county in which the metropolitan city is located, if the urban county— ‘‘(I) has previously received and adminis-tered assistance under this section; and ‘‘(II) agrees to receive such amount; or ‘‘(ii) if the urban county in which the met-ropolitan city is located does not meet the requirements under subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i), reallocated to the State in which the metropolitan city is located; and ‘‘(B) in the case of the urban county— ‘‘(i) provided to the urban county, if the urban county has previously received and ad-ministered assistance under this section; or ‘‘(ii) if the urban county has not previously received and administered assistance under this section, reallocated to the State in which the urban county is located. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) M
ETROPOLITAN CITIES .—Notwith- standing paragraph (1)(A), the grant amount described in paragraph (1) with respect to a metropolitan city shall be provided to the metropolitan city if the metropolitan city— ‘‘(i) is located in a State that does not have counties as local governments; ‘‘(ii) has a population greater than 40,000 but less than 50,000 as used in determining the fiscal year 1987 community development block grant program allocation; and ‘‘(iii) was allocated in excess of $1,000,000 in community development block grant funds in fiscal year 1987. ‘‘(B) R
EALLOCATION TO THE STATE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), any amount allocated to an urban county or metropolitan city under this sub-title shall be reallocated to the State in which the urban county or metropolitan city is located if the amount determined under clause (ii) for a fiscal year is less than .05 percent of the amounts appropriated under section 408 and made available to carry out this subtitle for that fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT .—The amount determined under this clause is equal to the sum of— ‘‘(I) the grant that each metropolitan city located within an urban county would re-ceive under the allocation provisions appli-cable under this subtitle, in the aggregate; and ‘‘(II) the grant that the urban county would receive under the allocation provi-sions applicable under this subtitle. ‘‘(3) A
MOUNTS REALLOCATED TO URBAN COUN -
TIES.—An urban county that receives amounts reallocated under paragraph (1)(A)(i) may expend those amounts for the benefit of metropolitan cities located in the urban county.’’. 
SA 3535. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 413, line 19, insert ‘‘Provided fur-ther, That not less than 50 percent of the funds provided under this heading shall be for projects located in urban areas:’’ after ‘‘percent:’’. 
SA 3536. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. FIGHTING ILLICIT NETWORKS AND DE-TECTING TRAFFICKING. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Fight Illicit Networks and De-tect Trafficking Act’’ or the ‘‘FIND Traf-ficking Act’’. (b) GAO S
TUDY .— (1) S
TUDY REQUIRED .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are used to facilitate sex and drug trafficking that considers— (A) how online marketplaces, including the dark web, are being used as platforms to buy, sell, or facilitate the financing of goods or services associated with sex trafficking or drug trafficking (specifically, opioids and synthetic opioids, including fentanyl, fentanyl analogs, and any precursor chemi-cals associated with manufacturing fentanyl or fentanyl analogs) destined for, originating from, or within the United States; (B) how financial payment methods, in-cluding virtual currencies and peer-to-peer mobile payment services, are being utilized by online marketplaces to facilitate the buy-ing, selling, or financing of goods and serv-ices associated with sex or drug trafficking destined for, originating from, or within the United States; (C) how virtual currencies are being used to facilitate the buying, selling, or financing of goods and services associated with sex or drug trafficking, destined for, originating from, or within the United States, when an online platform is not otherwise involved; (D) how illicit funds that have been trans-mitted online and through virtual currencies are repatriated into the formal banking sys-tem of the United States through money laundering or other means; (E) the participants (state and nonstate ac-tors) throughout the entire supply chain that participate in or benefit from the buy-ing, selling, or financing of goods and serv-ices associated with sex or drug trafficking (either through online marketplaces or vir-tual currencies) destined for, originating from, or within the United States; (F) Federal and State agency efforts to im-pede the buying, selling, or financing of goods and services associated with sex or drug trafficking destined for, originating from, or within the United States, including efforts to prevent the proceeds from sex or drug trafficking from entering the United States banking system; (G) how virtual currencies and their under-lying technologies can be used to detect and deter these illicit activities; and (H) to what extent can the immutable and traceable nature of virtual currencies con-tribute to the tracking and prosecution of il-licit funding. (2) SCOPE.—In paragraph (1), the term ‘‘sex trafficking’’ means the recruitment, har-boring, transportation, provision, obtaining, patronizing, or soliciting of a person for the purpose of a commercial sex act that is in-duced by force, fraud, or coercion, or in which the person induced to perform such act has not attained 18 years of age. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Fi-nancial Services of the House of Representa-tives that— (1) summarizes the results of the study re-quired under subsection (b); and (2) contains any recommendations for leg-islative or regulatory action that would im-prove the efforts of Federal agencies to im-pede the use of virtual currencies and online marketplaces in facilitating sex and drug trafficking. 
SA 3537. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the matter under the heading ‘‘F EDERAL  A
VIATION ADMINISTRATION ’’ under the head-ing ‘‘
OPERATIONS ’’ under the heading ‘‘ (AIR-
PORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND) ’’ in title I of division D, strike ‘‘airport.’’ and insert ‘‘air-port: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, up to $6,000,000 shall be used for providing match-ing funds to qualified commercial entities seeking to demonstrate or validate tech-nologies that the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration considers essential to the safe inte-gration of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) in the National Airspace System at Federal Aviation Administration designated UAS test sites: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall identify es-sential integration technologies that could be demonstrated or validated at test sites designated in accordance with the preceding proviso.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 8 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 24, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Dan Michael Berkovitz, of Maryland, to be a Commissioner of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.061 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5312 July 24, 2018 
the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, and James E. Hubbard, of Col-orado, to be Under Secretary of Agri-culture for Natural Resources and En-vironment. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 24, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, Mi-chael R. Bright, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be President, Government National Mortgage Association, and Rae Oliver, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, both of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Dino Falaschetti, of Montana, to be Di-rector, Office of Financial Research, Department of the Treasury. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 24, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Teri L. Donaldson, of Texas, to be Inspector General, Karen S. Evans, of West Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary (Cybersecurity, En-ergy Security and Emergency Re-sponse), Christopher Fall, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Science, and Daniel Simmons, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Effi-ciency and Renewable Energy), all of the Department of Energy; 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 24, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 24, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON OCEANS , ATMOSPHERE , 
FISHERIES , AND COAST GUARD  
The Subcommittee on Oceans, At-mosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 24, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘NOAA’s Blue Economy Initiative: Supporting Commerce in American Oceans and Great Lakes.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CONSUMER PROTECTION , 
PRODUCT SAFETY , INSURANCE , AND DATA SE -
CURITY  
The Subcommittee on Consumer Pro-tection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 24, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Strengthening and Em-powering U.S. Amateur Athletes: Mov-ing Forward with Solutions.’’ SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY POLICY  
The Subcommittee on East Asia, The Pacific, and International Cybersecu-rity Policy of the Committee on For-eign Relations is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 24, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The China Challenge, Part 1: Economic Coercion as Statecraft.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Bob Ross, a detailee from the Department of Agri-culture; Ramsay Eyre, an intern at the Appropriations Committee; and Olivia Harris, an intern in my personal office, be granted floor privileges for the length of the current debate on H.R. 6147, an act making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, envi-ronment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 589, S. Res. 590, and S. Res. 591. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolu-tions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
HONORING THE MEN AND WOMEN OF THE DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION ON THE 45TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AGENCY Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 578. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 578) honoring the men and women of the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration on the 45th anniversary of the agency. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 578) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of July 18, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND SUPPORTING PUBLIC AWARENESS OF THE IM-PORTANCE OF TRADEMARKS AND THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF THE NATIONAL TRADEMARK EX-POSITION OF THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADE-MARK OFFICE Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 580. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 580) recognizing and supporting public awareness of the impor-tance of trademarks and the goals and ideals of the National Trademark Exposition of the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 580) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of July 18, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
STATE OFFICES OF RURAL HEALTH REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 344, S. 2278. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2278) to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.064 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5313 July 24, 2018 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with an amendment, as follows: (The part of the bill intended to be stricken is shown in boldface brackets and the part of the bill intended to be inserted is shown in italic.) 
S. 2278 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. STATE OFFICES OF RURAL HEALTH. 
Section 338J of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254r) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 338J. GRANTS TO STATE OFFICES OF RURAL HEALTH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Director of the Federal Office of Rural Health Policy (established under sec-tion 711 of the Social Security Act), shall make grants to each State Office of Rural Health for the purpose of improving health care in rural areas. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT OF MATCHING FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary may not make a grant under subsection (a) unless the State office of rural health involved agrees, with respect to the costs to be incurred in carrying out the pur-pose described in such subsection, to provide non-Federal contributions toward such costs in an amount equal to $3 for each $1 of Fed-eral funds provided in the grant. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER OR REDUCTION .—The Secretary may waive or reduce the non-Federal con-tribution if the Secretary determines that requiring matching funds would limit the State office of rural health’s ability to carry out the purpose described in subsection (a). ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF NON -FED-
ERAL CONTRIBUTION .—Non-Federal contribu-tions required in paragraph (1) may be in cash or in kind, fairly evaluated, including plant, equipment, or services. Amounts pro-vided by the Federal Government, or services assisted or subsidized to any significant ex-tent by the Federal Government, may not be included in determining the amount of such non-Federal contributions. ‘‘(c) C
ERTAIN REQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—Re- cipients of a grant under subsection (a) shall use the grant funds for purposes of— ‘‘(1) maintaining within the State office of rural health a clearinghouse for collecting and disseminating information on— ‘‘(A) rural health care issues; ‘‘(B) research findings relating to rural health care; and ‘‘(C) innovative approaches to the delivery of health care in rural areas; ‘‘(2) coordinating the activities carried out in the State that relate to rural health care, including providing coordination for the pur-pose of avoiding redundancy in such activi-ties; and ‘‘(3) identifying Federal and State pro-grams regarding rural health, and providing technical assistance to public and nonprofit private entities regarding participation in such programs. ‘‘(d) R
EQUIREMENT REGARDING ANNUAL  B
UDGET FOR OFFICE .—The Secretary may not make a grant under subsection (a) unless the State involved agrees that, for any fiscal year for which the State office of rural health receives such a grant, the office oper-ated pursuant to subsection (a) of this sec-tion will be provided with an annual budget of not less than $150,000. ‘‘(e) C
ERTAIN USES OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) R
ESTRICTIONS .—The Secretary may not make a grant under subsection (a) unless the State office of rural health involved agrees that the grant will not be expended— ‘‘(A) to provide health care (including pro-viding cash payments regarding such care); ‘‘(B) to conduct activities for which Fed-eral funds are expended— ‘‘(i) within the State to provide technical and other nonfinancial assistance under sec-tion 330A(f); ‘‘(ii) under a memorandum of agreement entered into with the State office of rural health under section 330A(h); or ‘‘(iii) under a grant under section 338I; ‘‘(C) to purchase medical equipment, to purchase ambulances, aircraft, or other vehi-cles, or to purchase major communications equipment; ‘‘(D) to purchase or improve real property; or ‘‘(E) to carry out any activity regarding a certificate of need. ‘‘(2) AUTHORITIES .—Activities for which a State office of rural health may expend a grant under subsection (a) include— ‘‘(A) paying the costs of maintaining an of-fice of rural health for purposes of subsection (a); ‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (1)(B)(iii), paying the costs of any activity carried out with re-spect to recruiting and retaining health pro-fessionals to serve in rural areas of the State; and ‘‘(C) providing grants and contracts to pub-lic and nonprofit private entities to carry out activities authorized in this section. ‘‘(3) L
IMIT ON INDIRECT COSTS .—The Sec- retary may impose a limit of no more than 15 percent on indirect costs claimed by the recipient of the grant. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary may not make a grant under subsection (a) unless the State office of rural health involved agrees— ‘‘(1) to submit to the Secretary reports or performance data containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require regarding activities carried out under this section; and ‘‘(2) to submit such a report or perform-ance data not later than September 30 of each fiscal year immediately following any fiscal year for which the State office of rural health has received such a grant. ‘‘(g) R
EQUIREMENT OF APPLICATION .—The Secretary may not make a grant under sub-section (a) unless an application for the grant is submitted to the Secretary and the application is in such form, is made in such manner, and contains such agreements, as-surances, and information as the Secretary determines to be necessary to carry out such subsection. ‘‘(h) N
ONCOMPLIANCE .—The Secretary may not make payments under subsection (a) to a State office of rural health for any fiscal year subsequent to the first fiscal year of such payments unless the Secretary deter-mines that, for the immediately preceding fiscal year, the State office of rural health has complied with each of the agreements made by the State office of rural health under this section. ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For the purpose of mak-ing grants under subsection (a), there are au-thorized to be appropriated øsuch sums as may be necessary¿ $12,500,000 for each of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated under paragraph (1) shall remain available until expended.’’. 
Mr. ROUNDS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the committee-reported amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment was agreed to. The bill (S. 2278), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: S. 2278 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. STATE OFFICES OF RURAL HEALTH. 
Section 338J of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254r) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 338J. GRANTS TO STATE OFFICES OF RURAL HEALTH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Director of the Federal Office of Rural Health Policy (established under sec-tion 711 of the Social Security Act), shall make grants to each State Office of Rural Health for the purpose of improving health care in rural areas. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT OF MATCHING FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary may not make a grant under subsection (a) unless the State office of rural health involved agrees, with respect to the costs to be incurred in carrying out the pur-pose described in such subsection, to provide non-Federal contributions toward such costs in an amount equal to $3 for each $1 of Fed-eral funds provided in the grant. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER OR REDUCTION .—The Secretary may waive or reduce the non-Federal con-tribution if the Secretary determines that requiring matching funds would limit the State office of rural health’s ability to carry out the purpose described in subsection (a). ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF NON -FED-
ERAL CONTRIBUTION .—Non-Federal contribu-tions required in paragraph (1) may be in cash or in kind, fairly evaluated, including plant, equipment, or services. Amounts pro-vided by the Federal Government, or services assisted or subsidized to any significant ex-tent by the Federal Government, may not be included in determining the amount of such non-Federal contributions. ‘‘(c) C
ERTAIN REQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—Re- cipients of a grant under subsection (a) shall use the grant funds for purposes of— ‘‘(1) maintaining within the State office of rural health a clearinghouse for collecting and disseminating information on— ‘‘(A) rural health care issues; ‘‘(B) research findings relating to rural health care; and ‘‘(C) innovative approaches to the delivery of health care in rural areas; ‘‘(2) coordinating the activities carried out in the State that relate to rural health care, including providing coordination for the pur-pose of avoiding redundancy in such activi-ties; and ‘‘(3) identifying Federal and State pro-grams regarding rural health, and providing technical assistance to public and nonprofit private entities regarding participation in such programs. ‘‘(d) R
EQUIREMENT REGARDING ANNUAL  B
UDGET FOR OFFICE .—The Secretary may not make a grant under subsection (a) unless the State involved agrees that, for any fiscal year for which the State office of rural health receives such a grant, the office oper-ated pursuant to subsection (a) of this sec-tion will be provided with an annual budget of not less than $150,000. ‘‘(e) C
ERTAIN USES OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) R
ESTRICTIONS .—The Secretary may not make a grant under subsection (a) unless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24JY6.066 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5314 July 24, 2018 
the State office of rural health involved agrees that the grant will not be expended— ‘‘(A) to provide health care (including pro-viding cash payments regarding such care); ‘‘(B) to conduct activities for which Fed-eral funds are expended— ‘‘(i) within the State to provide technical and other nonfinancial assistance under sec-tion 330A(f); ‘‘(ii) under a memorandum of agreement entered into with the State office of rural health under section 330A(h); or ‘‘(iii) under a grant under section 338I; ‘‘(C) to purchase medical equipment, to purchase ambulances, aircraft, or other vehi-cles, or to purchase major communications equipment; ‘‘(D) to purchase or improve real property; or ‘‘(E) to carry out any activity regarding a certificate of need. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITIES .—Activities for which a State office of rural health may expend a grant under subsection (a) include— ‘‘(A) paying the costs of maintaining an of-fice of rural health for purposes of subsection (a); ‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (1)(B)(iii), paying the costs of any activity carried out with re-spect to recruiting and retaining health pro-fessionals to serve in rural areas of the State; and ‘‘(C) providing grants and contracts to pub-lic and nonprofit private entities to carry out activities authorized in this section. ‘‘(3) L
IMIT ON INDIRECT COSTS .—The Sec- retary may impose a limit of no more than 15 percent on indirect costs claimed by the recipient of the grant. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary may not make a grant under subsection (a) unless the State office of rural health involved agrees— ‘‘(1) to submit to the Secretary reports or performance data containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require regarding activities carried out under this section; and ‘‘(2) to submit such a report or perform-ance data not later than September 30 of each fiscal year immediately following any fiscal year for which the State office of rural health has received such a grant. ‘‘(g) R
EQUIREMENT OF APPLICATION .—The Secretary may not make a grant under sub-section (a) unless an application for the grant is submitted to the Secretary and the application is in such form, is made in such manner, and contains such agreements, as-surances, and information as the Secretary determines to be necessary to carry out such subsection. ‘‘(h) N
ONCOMPLIANCE .—The Secretary may not make payments under subsection (a) to a State office of rural health for any fiscal year subsequent to the first fiscal year of such payments unless the Secretary deter-mines that, for the immediately preceding fiscal year, the State office of rural health has complied with each of the agreements made by the State office of rural health under this section. ‘‘(i) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For the purpose of mak-ing grants under subsection (a), there are au-thorized to be appropriated $12,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated under paragraph (1) shall remain available until expended.’’. 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up the following amendments to amendment No. 3399: Moran No. 3433, Udall No. 3414. I further ask consent that at 2:30 p.m. on Wednesday, July 25, the Senate vote in relation to the Moran and Udall amendments in the order listed and that there be no sec-ond-degree amendments in order to the amendments prior to the votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY 25, 2018 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Wednesday, July 25; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of H.R. 6147. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 8:20 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, July 25, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
THE JUDICIARY  
J. NICHOLAS RANJAN, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA, VICE KIM R. GIBSON, RE-TIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
TAMARA BONZANTO, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (OFFICE OF ACCOUNTABILITY AND WHISTLEBLOWER PROTEC-TION), VICE DONALD P. LOREN, RESIGNING. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate July 24, 2018: 
NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD  
BRUCE LANDSBERG, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2022. JENNIFER L. HOMENDY, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2019. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on July 24, 2018 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
RYAN WESLEY BOUNDS, OF OREGON, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT, VICE DIARMUID F. O’SCANNLAIN, RETIRED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A24JY6.068 S24JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1051 July 24, 2018 
ON THE DEPARTURE OF ETHAN LAUER, DEPUTY PARLIAMEN-TARIAN 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues, rise to commend Ethan Lauer on his exemplary service to the people’s House. Ethan, who began here in 1999 as an As-sistant Parliamentarian, has served as the Deputy Parliamentarian since 2012. While his departure is certainly bittersweet, I am pleased to note that he is returning to our shared home state of Wisconsin for a position serving the Wisconsin State Assembly. Ethan has been a tremendous asset to the House, from his encyclopedic knowledge of rules and procedures, to his drafting and inter-pretation skills, which have been invaluable during procedural challenges. Our presiding officers, in particular, have come to rely on Ethan’s ability to quickly and clearly navigate a parliamentary situation. Given its importance to members, Ethan’s role in publishing the precedents of the House merits special mention. He has served as the Managing Editor of the House Rules and Man-ual since 2007. In addition, he has worked on three volumes of House Practice and three volumes of precedents. Over the years, Ethan has always brought an unbreakable demeanor and positive spirit to his duties. He has that rare combination of endless patience and extraordinary dedication that has made him essential to keeping this in-stitution functioning. His record of public serv-ice is one to which every Parliamentarian and House employee should aspire. On behalf of the whole House, I thank Ethan for his service and wish his wife, Erin, and their children Anna and Sadie, well as they return to the Badger State. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, July 18, 2018, I am wrongly re-corded on Roll Call 354. I intended to support House Amendment 925 to H.R. 6147, the Inte-rior, Environment, Financial Services, and General Government Appropriations Act of 2019. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PRAMILA JAYAPAL 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for roll call vote 366 and 367 on Mon-day, July 23, 2018 I would have voted ‘aye’ on both. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, on July 23, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and missed recorded votes No. 366 through 367. Had I been present: on Roll Call No. 366, H.R. 2345, On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, the National Suicide Hot-line Improvement Act, I would have voted Yea; on Roll Call No. 367, H.R. 4881, On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, the Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE HONORABLE LEROY R. JOHNSON 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend a prominent attorney, exemplary civil rights leader, former Georgia State Senator, mentor to many, and a man whose life has truly impacted the world, the Honorable Leroy Reginald Johnson. Sen-ator Johnson will be celebrating his 90th birth-day with family and friends on July 28, 2018 at the Georgian Terrace Hotel in Atlanta, Georgia. Leroy Reginald Johnson was born on July 28, 1928 in Atlanta, Georgia. He graduated from Booker T. Washington High School in 1945. He went on to earn a bachelor’s degree from Morehouse College in 1949 and a mas-ter’s degree from Atlanta University (now Clark Atlanta University) in 1951. From 1950 to 1954, Senator Johnson taught social science in the Atlanta school system. He then enrolled in law school at North Carolina Central Univer-sity, earning his law degree in 1957. Following his graduation from law school, Fulton County hired him as a criminal investi-gator, the first African American to be hired by the solicitor general’s office (now the District Attorney’s office). As the Civil Rights Move-ment ramped up, he became involved in dem-onstrations and protests. When black college students conducted mass sit-ins at Rich’s De-partment Store lunch counters in October 1960, he was present as one of the several community leaders advising the students, who included Julian Bond. In 1962, he was elected to the Georgia State Senate, making him the first African American to be elected to the Georgia Gen-eral Assembly since the end of the Recon-struction era. He was also the first African American elected to public office in the South-east United States that year. In the beginning, Senator Johnson faced many obstacles due to segregation but rose above the adversity, be-coming an influential lawmaker and attaining the position of Chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee. All the while, Senator Johnson maintained a successful law practice. He was the driving force in getting the legendary Muhammad Ali’s boxing license reinstated in 1970. Ali had been stripped of his boxing license in the prime of his career due to his opposition to the Vietnam War. After big cities across the coun-try refused to host a match in which Ali would participate, Senator Johnson offered Atlanta as a location where the fight could take place. Senator Johnson fought behind the scenes to get state and local officials to agree so that ul-timately, Muhammad Ali could fight inside the ring in a match that would lead the way for Ali to eventually reclaim the heavyweight crown. Over the years, Senator Johnson received many awards and accolades for his legal, po-litical, and civic work. In 1996, his portrait was hung on the third floor of the State Capitol near the Senate chamber where he served for twelve years. In 2000, the Georgia State Sen-ate passed a resolution renaming a portion of Fulton Industrial Boulevard as Leroy Johnson- Fulton Industrial Boulevard. In 2016, he was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award by the State Bar of Georgia and the Chief Jus-tice’s Commission on Professionalism for his untiring commitment to volunteer participation in the community throughout his legal career. Senator Johnson has accomplished much in his life but none of this would be possible without the love and support of his wife, Cleo-patra, and son, Michael Vince. On a personal note, I have had the great pleasure of knowing Senator Johnson since high school in 1964 when he spoke in Mont-gomery, Alabama at the Alabama State Asso-ciation of Student Councils’ meeting where I was presiding as State Student Council Presi-dent. He was a schoolmate of Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, Jr. at Washington High School and at Morehouse College. Like Dr. King he was influenced greatly by Dr. Benjamin E. Mays to use his life to make a difference for humanity. I was inspired by this successful lawyer and public official and was motivated to emulate his career path. I attended Morehouse Col-lege, became a civil rights lawyer, and twelve years after meeting him, I was elected to the Georgia State House and 14 years later to the State Senate and in 1992 to the U.S. Con-gress. I have truly been blessed by Senator Johnson’s friendship, counsel, and mentorship throughout the years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House to join my wife Vivian and me, along with the people of the state of Georgia, in rec-ognizing and commending former State Sen-ator Leroy Johnson for his outstanding profes-sional achievements and service. Moreover, we extend our best wishes to him as he, his family, and friends celebrate his 90th birthday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24JY8.001 E24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1052 July 24, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, July 23, 2018, I am not recorded on one vote because I was unavoidably detained due to weather impacting my commercial flight. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes on Roll Call 336. 
f 
AGOA AND THE IMPORTANCE OF SUPPORTING INTERNATIONAL TRADE RELATIONS WITH AFRICA 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, last week, I had the privilege of attending the an-nual forum on the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (AGOA), where we focused on forg-ing new strategies for U.S.-Africa trade and in-vestment. It was an honor meeting with Afri-can leaders to continue the discussion on how we can continue to develop trade between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa. I want to thank all of the Members of Con-gress who have worked together to support and maintain the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act. Since the legislation’s passage in 2000, the strong bipartisan support that AGOA has received is proof of our nation’s commit-ment to expanding global markets for U.S. goods and services. It shows that at our core, despite President Trump’s protectionist views on trade and recent attacks on our allies, we as Americans value any opportunity to strengthen international relations and develop strong democracies. Trade with Africa has greatly benefited the United States and Africa. By allowing duty-free access to the U.S. market for exports from 40 sub-Saharan countries, AGOA offers African countries tangible incentives to continue their efforts in opening their economies, while also reinforcing internationally recognized human rights. While exporting $13.8 billion in goods to the United States under the act in 2017, AGOA nations also continued to make efforts to enact policies that observe the rule of law, political pluralism, and the right to due proc-ess, fighting poverty and corruption along the way. As a member of the Ways and Means committee, and as a representative of the state of Alabama, whose economy is highly dependent on trade, I will continue to be sup-portive of AGOA because it promotes invest-ment and strengthens our global economy. I applaud both American and African gov-ernment officials, the private sector, and the people of the AGOA nations for working so hard to maximize the benefits of AGOA. I en-courage us to continue working together to en-hance our commitment to Africa. RECOGNIZING OSS VETERAN HOWARD POLLARI HON. BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Howard Pollari, a World War II veteran of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS), and a resident of Illinois’s Tenth Dis-trict. The OSS was a wartime intelligence agen-cy, and precursor to the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), that played an integral part in our military and intelligence operations during World War II. Members of the service trained, supplied, and fought alongside resistance or-ganizations throughout Europe and Asia as they battled against the Axis Powers. For two and a half years, Mr. Pollari com-mitted his life to the service of our country. Beginning in 1944, he participated in five ‘‘Carpetbagger’’ operations as part of the 857th Bomb Squadron of the OSS delivering much-needed supplies to resistance fighters and allies in Nazi-occupied Norway. These dangerous stealth missions were typically flown on moonlit nights and at low level to avoid enemy detection. Mr. Pollari’s role as a flight engineer was vital to the success and survival of these mis-sions, as he was responsible for making in- flight repairs to the B–24 aircrafts during the airdrop missions. Mr. Pollari was one of more than 13,000 in-dividuals employed by the OSS at the war’s peak. Today, fewer than 100 former OSS members remain alive, and for too long their service and sacrifice was not properly recog-nized. Earlier this year, Congress awarded the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian honor, to those who served in the OSS in rec-ognition of their heroic and pioneering service to our country. It is my great honor and privilege to recog-nize Howard Pollari on behalf of a grateful na-tion for his service to our country and allies during World War II. I look forward to pre-senting him and his family with a copy of the Congressional Gold Medal in person this Au-gust. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MALL CHANEY ON HER 75TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a person of great merit on the occasion of her 75th birthday. It is often stated that the United States is great because it is a nation of immigrants. Mr. Speaker, I would agree with this statement with the addi-tion of the word legal in front of immigrants. Mall Chaney is an example of such a person who worked within the law to become a citizen of the United States. I understand that it is not an easy task. Mall was born in Estonia in 1943 in the mid-dle of World War II. At that time Estonia was in peril at the hands of Russia as well as Ger-many. However, it was her parents’ concern about Russia that caused them to flee. Russia had seized her mother’s brother and sent him to Siberia never to be heard from again. As a professional chemist, Mall’s father feared being pressed into Russia’s weapons develop-ment program or much worse. When Mall was about six months old the family consisting of her mother, father, and sister fled under cover of night with basically nothing but the clothes on their backs. The family spent several years in a Swedish ref-ugee camp and then in the general population of Sweden. In 1951 Mall and her family were sponsored by a family friend from Canada and were able to migrate to Canada. Mall lived in Canada until she married John Chaney, a resident of Florida, in 1982. Mall became a U.S. citizen and has paid homage to the United States by respecting our laws, becoming a respected and loved member of the community, the state of Florida, and the country. Happy Birthday Mall, and best wishes. f 
SUMMER INTERN ELIJAH ALLISON 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Elijah Allison for his hard work and dedication to the people of Colorado’s Fourth District as an intern in my Washington, D.C. office for the summer of 2018. The work of this young man has been ex-emplary, and I know he has a bright future. He served as a tour guide, interacted with con-stituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative process. I was glad to be able to offer this educational opportunity, and look forward to seeing him build his career in public service. Elijah plans to continue working in public service after this internship. I wish him the best as he pursues his career path. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Elijah Alli-son for his service the last several months to the people of Colorado’s 4th District. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes 366 and 367 on Monday, July 23, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea.’’ 
f 
JOBS AND INVESTOR CONFIDENCE ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, S. 488 would not have been possible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24JY8.002 E24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1053 July 24, 2018 
without the hard work of staff. I thank them for their efforts and include in the R
ECORD the fol- lowing names: Katelynn Bradley, Kris Erickson, Eric Her-sey, Bruce Johnson, Erika Jeffers, Erica Loewe, Esther Kahng, Marcos Manosalvas, Charla Ouertatani, Lisa Peto, Courtney Robin-son, Glen Sears, Katy Strohmeier. 
f 
HONORING TEXAS A&M UNIVER-SITY–KINGSVILLE NCAA MEN’S OUTDOOR TRACK AND FIELD CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate the Texas A&M University-Kingsville Javelinas on their 2018 NCAA Division II Men’s Outdoor Track and Field National Championship. The Javelinas capped off an impressive season as National Champions on May 26, 2018 thanks to the enduring dedication and leadership of head coach Ryan Dall and the entire coaching staff. During the highly com-petitive national meet of 113 total teams, the Javelinas scored 65 points and won four indi-vidual National Champion titles. I want to congratulate the athletes. Charles Greaves secured a critical first place finish in the triple jump event for the Javelinas, and joined Deon Hope, Javier Lopez and Todd Nicholas in their first place win in the 4 x 100 meter relay race. Senior Javier Lopez claimed back-to-hack titles in the 100 meter hurdles in his last event as a Javelina. Richard Cer-vantes impressively finished first overall after trailing behind in 15th place in the shot put event. I am very proud of the hard work and perseverance these gentlemen demonstrated on the national stage. The National Championship team was com-prised of: Joshua Adame, Seth Barker, Marckenley Betony, Jamarkus Birks, Raymond Borjon, Jesus Caballero, Richard Cervantes, Johnnie Davila, Robert Downs, Damian Feeney, Kentwuan Freeman, Hilario Garcia, Charles Greaves, Daniel Guerrero, Miguel Hanze, Johnathon Harper, Drew Hill, Deon Hope, Arturo Huerta, Kenneth Jackson, Lane Janecka, Sean Landez, Javier Lopez, Elias Madrid, Ricky Medrano, Lane Michna, Todd Nicholas, Jasiah Patterson, Andrew Perez, Supun Randeniya, Jorge Rios, Francisco Solis, Shane Stehle, Juan Suarez, Joseph Swierc, Jose Ventura IV, Dean Wallace, Chris-topher Williams, Brandon Wilson, Ayman Zahafi, Kenny Zamorano, and Vitaly Zhgun. The coaching staff included: Ryan Dall, Tim Miller, Aared Sampson, and Amber Perry. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the great accomplishment of the Texas A&M- Kingsville Javelinas. As their Representative in Congress, I am very proud of all their hard work and commitment that resulted in this ex-ceptional achievement. SUMMER INTERN ANGEL CALDWELL HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Angel Caldwell for her hard work and dedication to the people of Colorado’s Fourth District as an intern in my Washington, D.C. office for the summer of 2018. The work of this young woman has been exemplary, and I know she has a bright future. She served as a tour guide, interacted with constituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative process. I was glad to be able to offer this educational opportunity, and look forward to seeing her build her ca-reer in public service. Angel plans to continue pursuing her degree at Virginia Union University at the end of this internship. I wish her the best as she pursues her career path. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Angel Caldwell for her service the last several months to the people of Colo-rado’s 4th District. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CITI OPEN TENNIS TOURNAMENT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to recog-nize the Citi Open Tennis Tournament, taking place July 28 through August 5, 2018, in Rock Creek Park, on its 50th edition in the District of Columbia. This tournament is not only a Washington tennis tradition, but also an eco-nomic staple in the region. The Washington tennis tournament, now known as the Citi Open Tennis Tournament, was founded in 1969 by tennis legend and Hall of Famer Donald Dell and his business partner John Harris with the support of Arthur Ashe, the first African American to win both the U.S. Open and Wimbledon tournaments. Ashe declared he would participate in the in-augural tournament under two conditions: that the tournament would take place in a naturally integrated neighborhood, and that it would be played on public land where all people could come together, enjoy the sport and share the experience. Today, the tournament remains at its original location, 16th & Kennedy Streets NW, in Rock Creek Park. In 1972, Dell gifted the tournament to the Washington Tennis & Education Foundation (then called the Washington Area Tennis Pa-trons), a nonprofit organization supporting local education causes for over 1,500 low-in-come and underserved children in the District. The Citi Open Tennis Tournament draws the best players in the world, making D.C. a global tennis destination. The tournament is also seen on television in over 140 countries, contributing to the city’s reputation as a tourist destination. Recent economic impact studies found that the estimated total gross impact of the Citi Open Tennis Tournament on the re-gional economy exceeds $25 million annually. The tournament is the only Association of Tennis Professionals 500 level event in the United States and one of only four profes-sional tennis tournaments combining men’s and women’s events. It is also recognized as an international level tournament by the Wom-en’s Tennis Association. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in recognizing the tour-nament’s 50th edition by celebrating ‘‘Tennis Week in the District of Columbia,’’ commemo-rated July 28 through August 5, 2018, as well as acknowledging the Washington Tennis & Education Foundation for a world-class sport-ing event and contributions raised for D.C. youth. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably absent on July 23, 2018 and missed Roll Call Votes 366 and 367. Had I been present, I would have voted YES on both roll calls. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF THE SAGINAW COUNTY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE ROBERT VAN DEVENTER 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Robert Van Deventer, the President and CEO of the Saginaw County Chamber of Commerce, upon his retirement. During his more than fifteen years with the Saginaw County Chamber, Bob has been a recognized community leader and a leading advocate for enhancing the Great Lakes Bay Region. In fact, numerous non-profit organiza-tions have recruited Bob to serve as an advi-sor and have sought his expertise; Bob has served on the Great Lakes Bay Regional Branding and Communications Council, Sagi-naw County Business and Education Partner-ship, the Great Lakes Regional Convention and Visitors Bureau, Saginaw Future, Inc., the SVSU College of Business and Management Advisory Board and the CMU Alumni Advisory Board of Directors just to list a few. Bob also served as President and member of the Board of Directors for the Great Lakes Bay Regional Alliance. Under his leadership, Bob increased communication and joint ven-tures amongst Bay, Isabella, Midland and Saginaw counties. At a time when the City of Saginaw was about to close the doors on the Saginaw Civic Center, Bob along with the Saginaw County Chamber of Commerce, led a successful campaign to restore and upgrade the building into what is now the Dow Event Center. This advancement set in motion the campaign to redevelop the deteriorating down-town Saginaw. Bob and the Alliance have been able to enhance our local communities by drawing tourism to the Great Lakes Bay Region. Throughout Bob’s illustrious career with the Saginaw County Chamber of Commerce, he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24JY8.006 E24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1054 July 24, 2018 
truly embodied its mission and vision. From supporting the success of local businesses to building healthy organizations and community through his volunteerism, Bob has dedicated his efforts to revitalizing Saginaw County and creating an exceptional place to live and work. On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Michigan, I am honored today to recog-nize Robert Van Deventer upon his retirement from the Saginaw County Chamber of Com-merce and extend my appreciation for his commitment to Saginaw and the Great Lakes Bay Region. 
f 
SUMMER INTERN LIAM MULLETT 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Liam Mullett for his hard work and dedication to the people of Colorado’s Fourth District as an intern in my Washington, D.C. office for the summer of 2018. The work of this young man has been ex-emplary, and I know he has a bright future. He served as a tour guide, interacted with con-stituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative process. I was glad to be able to offer this educational opportunity, and look forward to seeing him build his career in public service. Liam plans to continue pursuing his degree at Princeton at the end of this internship. I wish him the best as he pursues his career path. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Liam Mullett for his service the last several months to the people of Colorado’s 4th Dis-trict. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on July 18, 2018 during Roll Call No. 345, I was inadvertently recorded as voting ‘‘aye.’’ I sup-port the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities, and my vote should be recorded as ‘‘no.’’ The NEA and NEH are essential because they support and strengthen our great country’s rich and diverse cultural heritage and history. These organizations promote excellence across all of America’s communities and de-serve Congress’ unwavering support. I look forward to supporting the NEA and the NEH in the future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. CAROLYN G. RANDOLPH 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the work and service of a dedicated educator, woman of grace, and servant to all mankind, Mrs. Carolyn G. Ran-dolph. Mrs. Randolph, Life Member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., has been elected to serve as the South Atlantic Regional Direc-tor, reflecting her distinguished leadership in Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. A luncheon honoring her will be held on Saturday, July 28, 2018 at 1 p.m. at the Green Island Country Club in Columbus, Georgia. A native of Columbus, Georgia, Carolyn re-ceived a Bachelor of Science degree in Sec-ondary Mathematics from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro, a Master of Science degree from North Carolina A&T State University, and an Education Specialist degree from Columbus State University. Winston Churchill said, ‘‘We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.’’ Through every stage of her life, Mrs. Randolph has always given of herself to oth-ers. She served as an educator for many years before retiring and today, she serves as a Clinical Supervisor for the Mathematics Woodrow Wilson Fellows and an adjunct in-structor at Columbus State University. Carolyn’s service also extends into her church life at Fourth Street Missionary Baptist Church in Columbus, Georgia where she is an active member. A dedicated servant of God, she has served in the Deacon’s Wives, Chris-tian Education, Pastoral Relations, and Men’s and Women’s Ministries. Carolyn was first initiated in Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. through the Alpha Psi Omega Chapter in Wilmington, North Carolina, the first Greek letter organization among Afri-can-American women in Southeastern North Carolina. She is currently a member of the Gamma Tau Omega Chapter in Columbus, Georgia where she has served as President (two terms), First Vice President, Second Vice President, House Treasurer, Chaplain, Chair of the Connections Committee, a member of the Graduate Advisors Council, former Chair of the Scholarship Committee, and first Presi-dent of the chapter’s foundation, S.I.S.T.E.R.S., Inc. She has diligently served at the local, re-gional, and international levels within Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. and was recently awarded the 2018 Georgia Legislative Wom-en’s Caucus Servant Leadership Award, which was presented by Georgia State Representa-tive Carolyn Hugley (District 136) during Wom-en’s History Month. Mrs. Randolph has accomplished many things in her life but none of these would have been possible without the enduring love and support of her husband, Chester; their three daughters, and their three grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife Vivian and me, along with the more than 730,000 constituents of the Second Congres-sional District of Georgia, in extending our sin-cerest congratulations to Mrs. Carolyn G. Ran-dolph for being elected the South Atlantic Re-gional Director for Alpha Kappa Alpha Soror-ity, Inc. and for her many years of service to her community, nation, and all mankind. HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF OFFICER DIEGO MORENO HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Police Officer Diego Moreno who died in the line of duty on Sunday, July 22, 2018. On that somber day, Washington State’s law enforcement lost one of their own. Officer Diego Moreno from the Kent Police Depart-ment lost his life in the line of duty while plac-ing spike strips while assisting to apprehend the suspects in an active vehicle pursuit. Officer Moreno was loved by his community and his colleagues. Having grown up in Ven-ezuela, Officer Moreno used his fluency in Spanish to help translate between his fellow officers and the large Hispanic population in the community in which they serve. The Kent Police Department said, ‘‘His contributions to our department and positive impact on his co-workers and the community have been signifi-cant.’’ An eight-year veteran with the department, Officer Moreno served in the civil disturbance unit as a hostage negotiator and a defense tactics instructor, and has been recognized for his heroic actions while serving with the de-partment. After saving an elderly woman from a fire, Officer Moreno received the Chiefs Award for Exceptional Duty in 2016. He was also honored by the Kent City Council with the Lifesaving Medal for saving someone from an opioid overdose in June of last year. Since his passing, Washington State has greatly mourned his loss. Our thoughts and prayers are with his loving family that he leaves behind, his wife and his two children. We also remember his colleagues at the Kent Police Department as they face the heartbreak of losing a coworker and friend. Over the next week, in Kent, Washington, his family, friends, colleagues, and community will unite to celebrate his life and honor his service to our country. We recognize that same service here in Washington, D.C. today. I join with his family, friends, and community in thanking Police Officer Diego Moreno for his service. 
f 
SUMMER INTERN JANSON REQUIST 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Janson Requist for his hard work and dedication to the people of Colorado’s Fourth District as an intern in my Washington, D.C. office for the summer of 2018. The work of this young man has been ex-emplary, and I know he has a bright future. He served as a tour guide, interacted with con-stituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative process. I was glad to be able to offer this educational opportunity, and look forward to seeing him build his career in public service. Janson plans to continue pursuing his de-gree at Colorado Christian University and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24JY8.010 E24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1055 July 24, 2018 
working as a public servant after this intern-ship. I wish him the best as he pursues his ca-reer path. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recog-nize Janson Requist for his service the last several months to the people of Colorado’s 4th District. 
f 
INCREASING FY19 FUNDING FOR HISTORIC PRESERVATION OF CIVIL RIGHTS SITES 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to state my excitement that Demo-crats and Republicans came together this year and supported my amendments to increase FY 2019 funding for competitive grants to pre-serve the sites and stories of the Civil Rights movement and grants for Civil Rights Preser-vation of sites on Historically Black Colleges and Universities. In total, our amendments boosted funding for civil rights research by $4,500,000 for Fiscal Year 2019. I greatly ap-preciate the bipartisan commitment and sup-port from Interior Subcommittee Chairman C
ALVERT , Ranking Member M CCOLLUM , and Democratic Assistant Leader C
LYBURN . These grants, as part of the National Park Service’s Historic Preservation Fund, are criti-cally important to protecting and preserving Civil Rights history. As the Congresswoman representing the 7th Congressional District of Alabama, also known as the Civil Rights Dis-trict, I can personally attest to the impact these grants have in the community. Many historic events of the Civil Rights Movement took place within my district, including the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing, the Children’s March, the Montgomery Bus Boycott, and Bloody Sunday. We are fortunate that the Na-tional Park Service is preserving and inter-preting these stories, and I am grateful for the Park Service’s dedication to telling a more complete version of America’s history. The National Park Service also brings much needed economic revitalization to communities in my district through tourism. In Birmingham, the Civil Rights National Monument and other sites are playing a critical role as part of the new National Civil Rights Trail. In my home-town of Selma, the NPS Selma Interpretive Center attracts tourism to the rural black belt community. These historic sites will also help generate economic activity beyond tourism. In fact, for each dollar invested in National Parks, 10 dollars is generated in national economic activity. As the foot soldiers of the Civil Rights movement grow older, it is imperative that every effort is made to preserve the stories and sites of the era. There is no place more equipped for such preservation than Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities. These institutions and their students have a legacy that is inseparable from the Civil Rights Move-ment. They continue to play a role in activism and education that would make many of those who came before them proud. The funding that my amendments provided in the House Interior Appropriations bill for FY 2019 is an investment aimed at both historic preservation and economic development. Not only is it important to preserve history in our districts—we all have important stories to tell that provide education to visitors—but it is also imperative that we help bring much needed development to our communities. Thanks again to Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM , and I urge all of my colleagues to continue supporting this his-toric preservation funding as we finalize appro-priations for FY19. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PATRICK T. McHENRY 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 366, and YEA on Roll Call No. 367. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OUR NATION’S COM-MUNITY CORRECTIONS PROFES-SIONALS DURING PRETRIAL, PROBATION AND PAROLE SUPER-VISION WEEK 2018 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize the nation’s community corrections professionals and the vital role they play in en-hancing public safety throughout the United States. In honor of the invaluable contributions of these dedicated public servants, the Amer-ican Probation and Parole Association (APPA) and its associated members have designated July 15 through July 21, 2018, ‘‘Pretrial, Pro-bation and Parole Supervision Week 2018.’’ I thank the thousands of men and women who perform these important public safety duties, and urge my colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives to join me in support of APPA’s week-long recognition efforts this year. In my congressional district, the nation’s capital, thousands of women and men serve as pretrial, probation and parole officers or ad-ministrators. As public servants, these con-stituents, along with many other Americans, commit themselves on a daily basis to helping improve the lives of those involved in the criminal justice system. The work of these pro-fessionals ultimately results in stronger and safer communities for all. Community corrections professionals are re-sponsible for the supervision of adult and juve-nile offenders in communities throughout our nation. These trained professionals go above and beyond the call of duty by connecting their clients to supportive services, community- based resources, employment opportunities, housing programs and other evidence-based practices that help individuals successfully complete supervision and reenter society. Community corrections professionals strive to provide these services and support, while si-multaneously providing client supervision, crime prevention and restorative justice. In honor of Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision Week 2018, I want to particularly recognize those who carry out community cor-rections and supervision services here in the District of Columbia, because unlike in other jurisdictions, officers and professionals of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia (CSOSA) come under congressional jurisdiction. CSOSA and the Pretrial Services Agency for the District of Columbia (PSA) are dedi-cated to reducing recidivism and enhancing public safety in the nation’s capital. CSOSA and PSA are recognized as model community supervision entities because of their use of evidence-based practices and community part-nerships. On any given day, CSOSA is responsible for supervising approximately 15,000 individ-uals on probation, parole or supervised re-lease, while PSA supervises over 18,000 de-fendants over the course of a year. Charged with having to balance issues of public safety with social services and reentry support, the employees of CSOSA and PSA help to en-hance the security of everyone who lives, works or visits the District. Mr. Speaker, again, I extend my gratitude to these public servants for their commitment, compassion and contributions to healthier and safer communities throughout the United States. I ask the House of Representatives to join me in acknowledging the impact commu-nity corrections professionals have on the quality of life of all Americans throughout our country by recognizing July 15 through July 21, 2018, as Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision Week 2018. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, due to inclem-ent weather, I was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 366, and YEA on Roll Call No. 367. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, on July 23, 2018 I was not able to participate in the 6:30 pm vote series. I would like to reflect how I would have voted if I were present: YEA on Roll Call No. 366; and YEA on Roll Call No. 367. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE UNIVER-SITY OF TEXAS-RIO GRANDE VALLEY’S CHESS CLUB 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-brate The University of Texas-Rio Grande Val-ley (UTRGV) Chess Club for their victory at the President’s Cup. The President’s Cup, also known as the Final Four of Chess, determines the national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24JY8.009 E24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1056 July 24, 2018 
championship for the United States Chess Federation. The UTRGV chess team ad-vanced to the President’s Cup by placing in the top four at the Pan-American Intercolle-giate Team Chess Championship. Under the leadership of Coach Bartek Macieja, the team, composed of Grandmasters Calors Antonio Hevia Alejano, Vladimir Belous, Kamil Dragun, Hovhannes Gabuzyan, and Andrey Stukopin, won their first championship over five-time consecutive champion Webster University, two-time cham-pion Texas Tech, and St. Louis University. UTRGV has a history of success, finishing in second place at a previous tournament. The UTRGV Chess Club competes at the state, national, and international levels. The group also helps promote chess within the local community by organizing tournaments, camps, and chess classes. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to honor the UTRGV Chess Club today. I wish them luck in future competitions and congratulate them on their national championship. 
f 
INADEQUATE WASTEWATER TREATMENT—ENVIRONMENTAL INJUSTICE IN AMERICA 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the pervasive and ongo-ing environmental injustice affecting the citi-zens of the 7th Congressional District of Ala-bama. Many residents of the Black Belt de-pend on septic tanks for sewage disposal. Be-cause 35–45 percent of residents in the Black Belt face poverty, many cannot afford spend-ing thousands of dollars on a septic tank and the upkeep it requires. As a result, many have turned to a far less expensive but more alarming alternative: using ‘‘straight pipes’’ to transfer human waste from the home directly to their backyards. This means that folks going for a walk and children playing in their yards are in direct contact with sewage and human waste. During heavy rains, these constituents are left helpless in defending not only their homes, but their health from the effects of raw sewage and human waste. The heavy rains forces waste to go back up pipes and back into homes. The issue of inadequate wastewater treatment is not just a problem in Alabama. It is a problem in communities throughout our country. Addi-tionally, this issue is causing dire health con-sequences. Several studies have identified parasites specifically in Lowndes County, Ala-bama. In our great country, the presence of diseases found in third world nations is unac-ceptable. Wastewater management and other environmental concerns that exacerbate pov-erty must be addressed. Most recently, the United Nations weighed in on this issue. After visiting parts of the Black Belt and other impoverished areas in America in December of 2017, United Nations Special Rapporteur Philip Alston was baffled that such a developed and advanced country like the United States could allow its most im-poverished to live in such awful conditions. The UN report has confirmed what I have known for a long time: that inadequate waste-water treatment is a persistent issue in poverty stricken communities. I have been working to address this problem by helping secure an ad-ditional $1.8 billion in funding for wastewater infrastructure in addition to introducing the Rural Septic Tank Access Act. This Act would provide adequate resources for rural families to afford proper septic systems. UN Ambassador Nikki Haley publicly stated that the UN report and its conclusion about poverty in America was ‘‘patently ridiculous’’ and questioned why poverty in the U.S. need-ed to be examined. I personally invite Ambas-sador Haley to my district to witness firsthand the poverty and systemic environmental con-cerns that millions of Americans experience and suffer from every single day. Our nation cannot boast such greatness if those suffering the most are left behind. As a proud product of Selma, I know tenacity and grit is commonplace among the great folks of the 7th Congressional District. But to be able to overcome obstacles, basic needs must be met and health concerns should be ad-dressed. We have no option but to stand firm in our fight on the very real and pervasive poverty all over rural America and in the area I call home. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DAVID PORTMAN 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize David Portman for his immeas-urable contributions to the community and to congratulate him as he receives the Distin-guished Leadership Award at Hollywood Golf Club’s 2018 Benefit for the Jewish Federation in the Heart of New Jersey. Mr. Portman’s phi-lanthropy and professional accomplishments are truly deserving of this body’s recognition. President of Triad Group, a development, construction and management company, Mr. Portman is an accomplished and respected businessman in New Jersey. For more than 35 years, Triad Group has completed numer-ous projects, including medical facilities, legal offices, and residential properties. In addition to his professional work, Mr. Portman is an ac-tive member and leader in the Jewish commu-nity. He currently serves on the Leaders Council for the Jewish Federation in the Heart of New Jersey and has previously served as President of the Jewish Federation of Mon-mouth County, as Vice President of the He-brew Immigrant Aid Society and as Regional Chair of Operation Renewal, among others. Combining his expertise as a developer with his compassionate support of the Jewish com-munity, Mr. Portman has committed years to the construction of The Jewish Home for Re-habilitation and Nursing. This new facility will fulfill Mr. Portman’s mission to not only provide necessary medical care to patients, but to also maintain their connection to the Jewish faith and customs. Mr. Portman’s vision and re-spect for the comfort of these patients and their families is truly admirable. Once again, I sincerely hope my colleagues will join me in honoring David Portman for his dedicated leadership and support of the Jew-ish community. TRIBUTE TO THE BRILLIANT LIFE OF DR. THADDEUS C. RADZILOWSKI HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the bipartisan Polish Caucus, I rise to pay trib-ute to the brilliant life and unique contribution to scholarship of Dr. Thaddeus C. Radzilowski who passed away on July 20, 2018 at the age of 80. Dr. Radzilowski was the co-founder and President of the largest Polish American think tank in the United States known as the Piast Institute founded in Hamtramck, MI. An aca-demic giant in his field, he taught at several prestigious universities including the University of Michigan, Madonna University, Heidelberg College, Southwest Minnesota State Univer-sity, and finally as President of St. Mary Col-lege. He was a prolific leader in the Polish Amer-ican community, who uniquely understood the importance of preserving Polish-American her-itage in the United States. He held a piercing dedication to accurately and painstakingly re-count the sacrificial history of Poland, its peo-ple, and its diaspora. The history of Poland, often under-presented, resulted from the anni-hilation by the Russian military squads (NKVD) of over 23,000 of its preeminent lead-ers in academia, the military, and religious and community life. Those who would have re-corded the 20th century’s most bloodied bat-tles were annihilated, making Dr. Radzilowski’s scholarship all the more critical. Under his leadership, the Piast Institute made significant contributions to the study of Central and Eastern Europe including pub-lishing articles and school curricula, convening key experts, presenting exhibitions, and men-toring the next generation of leaders in his field. Thanks to his dedication, he was the re-cipient of countless awards including the Cavaliers Cross of the Polish Order of Merit presented to him by the Polish President. A man committed to serving others, Dr. Radzilowski served with dignity and honor in the U.S. Armed Forces in Vietnam. He truly embodied America’s values which bind us. Mr. Speaker, please allow me to join hun-dreds of thousands of grateful Polish Ameri-cans in my district and across the United States in applauding his remarkable career and exemplary life. His legacy will continue to guide and inspire generations to come. That is why I am honored to fly an American flag over the Capitol in his name. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote yesterday on H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hotline Improve-ment Act (Roll no. 366), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Additionally, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 4881, the Precision Agriculture 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24JY8.018 E24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1057 July 24, 2018 
Connectivity Act (Roll no. 367), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF FRANCISCO (FRANK) ‘‘PANCHO’’ RIOS 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Francisco (Frank) ‘‘Pancho’’ Rios, an Angeleno, a vet-eran, an immigrant, and a man who lived a rich life full of love and service. With his pass-ing on the evening of July 17, 2018, his loss is being mourned by family, friends, and oth-ers who knew him. Francisco Rios was born in 1930 in the small town of Santa Barbara, Chihuahua, Mexico, and he resided in Mexico until 1952 when he left to attain his piece of the Amer-ican Dream. He married his wife Paula Vega in 1954, and together they settled in Fresno, California, before ultimately making their home in Los Angeles. Francisco decided to serve his adopted home, enlisting in the U.S. Army, where he served on active duty from 1955 to 1957, and received an honorable discharge on June 30, 1963. For three decades, he also dedicated himself to serving Los Angeles County resi-dents, working to maintain roadways for the Department of Public Works. Known affectionately as ‘‘Nino’’ and Uncle Frank, Francisco became an avid traveler, venturing to Africa, the Middle East, Western Europe, and his favorite destination, Las Vegas. He fondly recounted many of his trav-els, including his spiritual pilgrimage to the Holy Land, and to Vatican City. An Angeleno through and through, he was everyone’s favor-ite tour guide of Los Angeles and its sur-rounding areas, regularly exposing out-of-town family visitors to the diversity of the region’s sights and attractions. While Francisco and his wife Paula did not have children together, they were an affec-tionate presence in the lives of their nieces and nephews, to whom they showed love, wis-dom, kindness, and unwavering and uncondi-tional support. The latest of these was Kaila Vega, daughter of Amador Vega. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in sending heartfelt condolences to the family of Francisco Rios. He leaves behind a rich legacy of love, patience, warmth, affection, strength, and wisdom that will be deeply missed by his loved ones. He is preceded in death by his parents Francisco and Soledad and his wife Paula, and he is survived by sib-lings, many nieces and nephews, and godchildren, who will deeply miss and cherish the memory of their ‘‘Nino’’ and Uncle Frank. 
f 
HONORING CARL CHILTON’S 95TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-brate the 95th birthday of Mr. Carl Chilton, who is a proud graduate of Port Isabel High School and Texas College of Arts and Indus-tries at Kingsville. In 1942, Mr. Chilton enlisted in the Army Air Corps, earning his wings when he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in 1944. Texas and the United States are for-ever grateful for his service and leadership throughout his 13 missions in France and other parts of the world. After serving in the military, Mr. Chilton ma-jored in accounting at the the University of Texas at Austin. His classroom and leadership experience led him to become a teacher at Brownsville Junior College, where he taught introductory business. A man of family, service, and faith, Mr. Chilton is a member of the First United Meth-odist Church and an active community resi-dent. A former contributor to our district local news outlet The Brownsville Herald and past president of the Brownsville Tennis Club, Mr. Chilton exemplifies the best of South Texas. He has been a loyal member of the Rotary Club for 53 years, served as president and chairman of the Brownsville Public Utilities Board, and was president of the Valley Zoo-logical Society. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank you for the op-portunity to honor and celebrate Carl Chilton’s 95th birthday. I ask my colleagues to join me and Mr. Chilton’s family and friends in wishing him well on this special occasion. Mr. Chilton’s devotion to his family and community make him a great role model for the people of Brownsville Texas, and I am very proud to be his Representative. f 
HONORING BEN HARDEMAN OF BRYAN TEXAS 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ben Hardeman, a resident of Bryan, Texas, and the 2018 recipient of the Out-standing Individual Contribution award from the League of Historic American Theatres, a national organization. In 2010, Ben was chairman of the Down-town Bryan Association and heard that the abandoned Queen Theatre was put up for sale. The structure was built in 1885, and first served as a hotel and boarding house. By 1913, silent films were being shown and by 1939 the building was completely redone and included ‘‘chilled air’’, something of a novelty in that era. The Queen continued to thrive until the late 1970s when the building was shut-tered. By the time the Association purchased the building, it had been abandoned for 40 years. The theatre had a hole in the roof, pi-geons in the rafters, and rotting wood. Ben brought the idea of the purchasing and restoring the Queen to the Downtown Bryan Association’s Board of Trustees. They ap-proved the purchase and began raising money for a down payment. Just shy of reaching the required amount, Ben paid the rest of the money personally. Ben spearheaded the restoration of the building, aiming to make it a truly community effort. The Association began collecting dona-tions and within a few weeks, they raised $30,000 in pledges. Work quickly began on gutting the theatre with Ben and several other Bryan residents assisting with the demolition and clean-up. By 2011, the theatre’s Art Deco facade was restored with Ben often seen doing much of the physical labor. Between 2013 and the Queen’s re-opening on May 4, 2018, Ben and the Association made plans to restore the the-atre’s interior and began fund raising efforts for this purpose. Ben spearheaded much of the effort, obtain-ing labor and material donations, and even de-signing the handrails inside the building. Since its re-opening, the Queen now serves as a single-screen movie theatre, performance venue, and, it also houses the Downtown Bryan Association and visitor’s center. Thanks to Ben Hardeman’s vision, the work of the Downtown Bryan Association and many volunteers who donated time, money, and re-sources, the Queen Theatre is once again a place for the community to gather and enjoy. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Ben Hardeman on receiving the Outstanding Individual Contribution award and recognize all the work done to restore the historic Queen Theatre in Bryan, Texas. I have requested that a United States. flag be flown over the United States Capitol to honor Be Hardeman and the Queen Theatre. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. f 
HONORING THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF LIFETRACK 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Lifetrack on 70 years of pro-viding high quality supportive services to some of the most vulnerable residents of Saint Paul, Minnesota and surrounding communities. Throughout decades of adaptations, Lifetrack remains constant in serving those in need, and empowering families to thrive through challenges. In 1948, injured veterans returning from WWII and families ravaged by the polio epi-demic faced major obstacles. Lifetrack was born as a collaboration of social services agencies that embarked on a mission to pro-vide speech, physical, and occupational thera-pies to these adults and children. Later, the organization launched vocational programs that aimed to prepare people for life and work after their rehabilitation. Services have contin-ued to expand to assist families and individ-uals experiencing homelessness and new ref-ugees. Lifetrack also now provides services to families of highly stressed and deaf and hard- of-hearing children to help them build social, emotional and life skills that can carry them through their lives. When individuals and families face adver-sity, a network of support is critical to resil-iency. For the most vulnerable in our commu-nity, that support is not always available. Lifetrack strengthens our community by em-powering families and forging connections. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24JY8.021 E24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1058 July 24, 2018 
Staff and volunteers make it their mission to help individuals build their own support sys-tems and by connecting them to services both within and outside the organization. All of us benefit when individuals and families have the tools to reach their full potential. For 70 years Lifetrack has worked to help the most vulnerable achieve better lives by building resilience, breaking cycles of trauma and hardship, and providing therapies that make working and living a comfortable life more attainable. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating the staff, volunteers, board of Lifetrack on seven decades of remarkable service to the community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. W. TAYLOR REVELEY, III 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Mr. W. Taylor Reveley, III’s service as the 27th President of the College of William and Mary and former Dean of the Wil-liam and Mary Law School. Mr. Reveley will be retiring from his post as President of the College after serving in that capacity since 2008. Before his time at the College of William and Mary, Mr. Reveley graduated from Prince-ton University in 1968 and later received his J.D. from the University of Virginia in 1968. Mr. Reveley went on to have an impressive career as a lawyer, clerking for Justice William J. Brennan, Jr. of the U.S. Supreme Court, and serving as a managing partner at the Hunton and Williams Law Firm. After a suc-cessful legal career, Mr. Reveley joined the College of William and Mary in 1998, serving as Dean of the Law School for 10 years be-fore being named President in 2008. Since joining as President in 2008, the Col-lege of William and Mary has had tremendous success under President Reveley. During his tenure, the campus has experienced large- scale expansions and renovations to its build-ings and facilities. President Reveley was also responsible for updating and revising the un-dergraduate curriculum for the first time in over 20 years with the innovative College (COLL) Curriculum. Some of his focuses as President revolved around diversity and inclu-sion efforts, sexual assault and violence re-sponse and prevention, and mental health and wellness programs across campus. Alumni en-gagements and philanthropic efforts reached all-time highs thanks to President Reveley, who adopted a new and innovative financial model to increase funding to the College. President Reveley is heavily involved in nu-merous educational, cultural, and religious or-ganizations, and has served on various boards throughout the community. Though President Reveley is retiring, I am confident he and his wife, Helen, will have plenty to do with all of their philanthropic work and three grand-children whom they will be spending more time with. I know I speak for not only folks in academia, but Virginia as a whole, when I say that President Reveley and his contributions will be sorely missed. He will certainly leave an indelible mark on the College of William and Mary that will last a lifetime. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in thank-ing Mr. Reveley for his great leadership and honoring his accomplishments he achieved as the 27th President of the College of William and Mary. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE RUSSELL 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, due to un-avoidable travel delays, I was not able to be present for the first vote in the vote series yes-terday evening. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on roll Call No. 365. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GARRET GRAVES 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, my flight was delayed due to weather. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 366, and YEA on Roll Call No. 367. 
f 
HONORING THE UIL 3A STATE CHAMPIONS SANTA GERTRUDIS ACADEMY SOFTBALL TEAM 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Santa Gertrudis Academy softball team for winning the UIL 3A State Softball Championship this year. After making appear-ances at the state tournament in 2016 and 2017, the Lady Lions of Santa Gertrudis Acad-emy left with a championship title. At the state championship match, the team claimed the title with an impressive 8–3 win. This title-clinching victory cemented an out-standing 38–1 overall record for the Lady Lions of Santa Gertrudis Academy. Saidi Castillo pitched a perfect game in the semi- final against Brock High School and then held Hughes Springs High School to three runs on seven hits in the final championship game. Saidi Castillo’s stellar performance on the field led her to be named ‘‘Most Valuable Player’’ of the season. Members of the state championship team were Sara Benavides, Alana Benitez, Breana Carr, Saidi Castillo, Ariana De La Paz, Carissa De Los Santos, Jackie De Los Santos, Jackie Garza, Alyssa Gonzalez, Elleanna Longoria, Arianna Lopez, Yadira Lopez, Sarah Obregon, Alyssa Robles, Ali Salinas, and Kennedy Silva. Thomas De Los Santos coached the winning team, along with assistant coaches Matt Gonzalez, Amy Perez and Bianca Rocha. On behalf of the 34th Congressional District of Texas, I extend my congratulations to the Santa Gertrudis Academy softball team and their coaches for winning the UIL 3A State Softball Championship. We are very proud of their accomplishments this year and look for-ward to the Lady Lions’ next championship season. f 
CONGRATULATING COUNCILMEM-BER NANCY WELTON OF HURST, TEXAS ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding public servant from my district, Councilmember Nancy Welton of Hurst, Texas, who is retiring after 14 years of service on the Hurst City Council. While Nancy has served as a councilmember for the last 14 years, her com-mitment to her community began well before then. As a resident of Hurst for over 33 years, Nancy has shown a profound commitment to the children of Hurst and to their education. She has served as PTA President for both Shady Oaks Elementary and L.D. Bell High School, in addition to serving on the Hurst-Eu-less-Bedford ISD School Board for 12 years. Nancy’s service as a councilmember has helped the city of Hurst experience redevelop-ment, revitalization, and economic prosperity through a number of initiatives and develop-ment projects, such as the Hurst Town Center, Hurst Conference Center, and Hurst Senior Center. The city has also expanded parks and recreation programs and championed cus-tomer service and staff development initiatives with the help of Nancy’s leadership. At the heart of these projects is a commit-ment to public safety and high quality of life for the nearly 40,000 residents of Hurst. In recognition of the City Council’s efforts, the Texas City Manager’s Association recognized the Hurst City Council as ‘‘Council of the Year’’ in both 2013 and 2014. For more than three decades, Nancy Welton has dem-onstrated an outstanding dedication to public service and community involvement. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-sional District of Texas, I ask all of my distin-guished colleagues to join me in honoring Councilmember Nancy Welton for her extraor-dinary service and wishing her and her family the best in her retirement. 
f 
HONORING VERMONT’S WAYSIDE RESTAURANT ON ITS 100TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the Wayside Restaurant in Ber-lin, Vermont. This year marks the Wayside’s 100th anniversary of serving up exceptional and affordable home-style food to customers from central Vermont and beyond. A century ago, founder Effie Ballou first started serving soups, snacks and meals out of a shack straddling the border between Ber-lin and Montpelier. She prepared the food at her small house just up the hill. Today, the Wayside—with a lot more seats than in 1918—is still serving up some of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24JY8.025 E24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1059 July 24, 2018 
best home-cooked food around. Its website proudly and accurately proclaims, ‘‘Yankee Cooking at its Best Since 1918.’’ On the occa-sion of this important milestone, the restaurant joins an eclectic group of some 240 American restaurants that have achieved centennial sta-tus. Mr. Speaker, I’m warning you. Take just a glance at the Wayside’s diverse menu and your mouth will water: old-fashioned country breakfast, chicken pie, country fried steak, meatloaf, casseroles, fresh muffins and home- made pies. But the Wayside is so much more than a good restaurant. For the thousands of Vermonters and visitors who walk through its doors every year, it provides comfort, fellow-ship and a sense of community rivaled by few. While dining on good food, customers catch up with friends and neighbors, trade gossip, and debate current events. Owners Brian and Karen Zecchinelli have been at the helm for over 20 years. The res-taurant has been in Karen’s family for over 50 years. Their employees are familiar and friend-ly faces. Many have been on the job for ten years or more. And in a tribute to their good service, the aprons of retired employees hang proudly in the rafters. The Wayside Restaurant has been part of the fabric of Vermont for 100 years. It is a shining example of a small business com-mitted to good service, quality products, and socially responsible operations. I urge all Members of the House of Representatives to stop by the Wayside if you find yourself navi-gating the hills of central Vermont. But be careful—you won’t want to leave. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF LOIS FITCH 
HON. DAVID SCHWEIKERT 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Lois Fitch who passed away on July 23, 2018. Throughout all of my life, I have known Lois as someone who dedicated herself to helping young people find ways to become more meaningfully engaged in their community. Through her work leading the Teenage Republicans, Lois helped so many individuals find their place in the civics of working to improve our town, state, country, and America’s place in the world. Lois epito-mized a leader. She was kind and gracious to all. She was encouraging and supportive in helping others find their passions. She was the reason I decided to run for elective office. And, she has inspired me and so many others to serve on all levels of government. This past Sunday I had a chance to visit with Lois in the hospital. As I shared with her then, I will share here in the United States Congress—‘‘Lois, you changed me for the better, and I will for-ever be grateful for your courage and service.’’ May the flag of the United States Capitol fly in full tribute to her. IN RECOGNITION OF THE GLOBE AND LAUREL’S 50TH ANNIVER-SARY HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of The Globe and Laurel, a military and law enforcement themed restaurant lo-cated in Stafford, VA. Please join me in recog-nizing this restaurant and its owner, Major Richard Spooner, USMC, Retired as they cel-ebrate their 50 year anniversary. Major Richard Spooner opened The Globe and Laurel restaurant in 1968 after serving for over 29 years in the U.S. Marine Corps. At a young age, Richard Spooner fought in various battles throughout the Pacific and was award-ed four Purple Hearts for his brave sacrifice. He remained in the Marine Corps and fought in both the Korean and Vietnam War. After re-tiring from service, Major Spooner turned his passion for good food into his full-time job by opening his restaurant in Quantico and due to a fire, relocated to Triangle in 1973 and then in 2008 to Stafford, Virginia. Major Spooner opened his restaurant as a way to honor the brave men and women who live to serve and protect our great country. The Globe and Laurel intends to proudly honor the history and service of the Marine Corps by serving delicious food and offering unmatched customer service. On display at the restaurant is an extensive collection of military memorabilia, including a Medal of Honor and Victoria Cross. Additionally, the restaurant has been recognized and praised in numerous periodicals and television shows for its fine dining, atmosphere, and camaraderie. The Globe and Laurel restaurant is a staple of Stafford County; a community institution so loved by many. Mr. Speaker, as The Globe and Laurel cele-brates its 50 year anniversary, I ask you to join me in recognizing Major Spooner for his service; and his restaurant for its fine food and dedication to honoring the men and women who live to serve our country. 
f 
HONORING TEXAS A&M UNIVER-SITY-KINGSVILLE NCAA WOM-EN’S BEACH VOLLEYBALL CHAM-PIONSHIP 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the Texas A&M-Kingsville Javelinas for their 2018 American Volleyball Coaches Asso-ciation Division II National Championship win. The Texas A&M-Kingsville Women’s Beach Volleyball team was started in 2016, and they played their inaugural season in 2017. Head coach Tanya Allen, along with assistant coaches Gary Payne and Stephanie Johns, are invaluable to the success of this young team thus far. The Javelinas ended the 2018 season with a 20–10 record, never losing a game in Kingsville. Freshmen Tenley Housler and Erin Umbel held the best set record of the team at 15–7. These promising players were joined by their teammates Gabby Atchley, Macy Berg, Kylexus Block, Madison Brabham, Kyra Hen-derson, Haley Hutchinson, Sarah Miller, Kadi Shipman, Madeline Sims, Maelee Sowa, Shelby Tate, Whitney Walker and Loren Washington. During championship play at Hickory Point Beach Sand Volleyball Complex in Tavares, Florida, the Javelinas received a bye in the quarterfinal round. They then triumphed over the Spring Hill College Badgers in the semi- final game by a score of 3–2. The final match played against the Ekerd College Tritons saw the Javelinas prevail with a 4–1 win, securing the National Championship for the university. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Javelinas for their National Championship which has brought pride and recognition to Texas A&M-Kingsville. f 
HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE AMERICAN LEGION 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the American Legion on its 100th anniversary and to welcome the 2018 national convention back to Minnesota where this venerable organization had its founding convention November 10–12, 1919. It is a special privilege to recognize the host of this historic gathering, the American Legion De-partment of Minnesota. Minnesotans are hon-ored to welcome Legionnaires from across America. We are grateful for the many con-tributions the American Legion makes on be-half of all men and women who have worn the uniform through its 2.3 million members in 14,000 posts in communities across the United States. We also welcome National Commander Denise Rohan, the first woman to serve as National Commander of the Amer-ican Legion. Only steps away from where this year’s con-vention is being held in Minneapolis, the American Legion was founded 100 years ago. The American Legion is a voice for those who served in the U.S. Armed Forces and to assist veterans who were disabled through their service. Since its founding, the American Le-gion has been a driving force expanding serv-ices provided by the Federal Government for our nation’s veterans and their families, includ-ing creation of the forerunner to the modern- day Department of Veterans Affairs. As the American Legion’s advocacy and vision con-tinued, services for veterans improved. In 1922, the American Legion Department of Minnesota created the Minnesota American Legion Hospital Association to provide medical care to veterans and their dependents at little or no cost. This groundbreaking effort helped to build the extensive hospital and clinic sys-tem of the VA Health Care Administration. Since the founding of the American Legion, women have been vital to the successful ad-vocacy efforts on behalf of veterans. One hun-dred years ago, a Legion women’s auxiliary group began to form robust child-welfare and hospital visitation programs. As a life member of the American Legion Auxiliary Post No. 39, North Saint Paul, Minnesota, I know firsthand 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24JY8.031 E24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1060 July 24, 2018 
the many contributions that local auxiliary posts make to our veterans, our community, our state and our nation. From drafting the original document that would later become the first GI Bill to the on-going ‘‘We Believe Campaign’’ highlighting the positive impacts that veterans make on their communities, the American Legion continues its essential work to support our veterans and their families for their service and sacrifices. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Commander Rohan and the 2.3 million mem-bers of the American Legion as they meet to convene their 100th national convention in the place where it all started, Minneapolis, Min-nesota. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 70TH AN-NIVERSARY OF EXECUTIVE ORDER 9981 TO DESEGREGATE THE ARMED FORCES OF THE UNITED STATES 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 70th anniversary of Presi-dent Harry S. Truman’s commitment to deseg-regate the Armed Forces of our great nation. It is my belief that the ‘‘Equality of Treatment and Opportunity; Executive Order 9981’’ was an indelible demarcation in the ever-present battle to eradicate racial discrimination within American society. Moreover, the Harry S. Tru-man Library and Museum will be hosting an event on Thursday, July 26 to honor this groundbreaking step towards equality as well as Truman’s other efforts to expand rights for African American citizens. As the U.S. Rep-resentative of Missouri’s Fifth Congressional District, it gives me great pride and joy to praise both President Truman for his valiant and just actions and the Truman Library for hosting such a noteworthy event within my district. Born and raised in the state of Missouri, President Truman was a man of remarkable character and ambition. Although he was born less than twenty years after the abolishment of slavery, in a time immersed in significant racial ramifications, the former president advanced civil rights in the United States. One prominent example of the trailblazing legacy President Truman left behind is the issuance of Execu-tive Orders 9980 and 9981 to desegregate the Armed Forces and federal workforce. As an individual who has actively sought to further expand and build upon this legacy, it is truly an honor to join the Truman Library in cele-brating the 70th anniversary of such an impactful milestone. Today, the United States Armed Forces en-compass four diverse and heterogeneous branches of brave, selfless, and upstanding servicemen and women. Prior to this Execu-tive Order, African American members of the military had different rules than other servicemembers, which often delayed their entry to combat. Although other servicemembers could begin their combat training in the months following their initial qualifications, most African Americans were forced to wait four years to begin training. Since the founding of our country, African Americans and other individuals of color ac-tively participated in the Armed Forces; how-ever, intentionally attempting to separate or delay this participation was also a perpetual occurrence within the military. President Tru-man’s issuance of the Executive Order of 1948 was the directive that officially and com-pletely abolished this practice. Mr. Speaker, please join with me as we commemorate the 70th anniversary of Presi-dent Harry S. Truman’s Executive Order 9981. The courageous actions taken by President Truman to eliminate racial discrimination within America’s armed forces are a true display of leadership and a legacy that will live on for generations to come. Furthermore, it is my hope that we will honor our only president from Missouri by continuing the effort to end racial discrimination in American society once and for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24JY8.035 E24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D857 Tuesday, July 24, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5227–S5314 Measures Introduced: Six bills and four resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3256–3261, and S. Res. 588–591.
                                                             Page S5267 
Measures Passed: National Day of the American Cowboy: Senate agreed to S. Res. 589, designating July 28, 2018, as ‘‘National Day of the American Cowboy’’.
   Page S5312 
Pioneer Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 590, recog-nizing the 171st anniversary of the arrival of pio-neers belonging to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints to the Great Salt Lake Valley in Utah, and the contributions of the Church and its members to the United States and the world. 
                                                                                            Page S5312 
National Purple Heart Recognition Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 591, supporting the goals and ideals of National Purple Heart Recognition Day. 
                                                                                            Page S5312 
Drug Enforcement Administration 45th Anni-versary: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 578, honoring the men and women of the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration on the 45th anniversary of the agency, and the resolution was then agreed to.
           Page S5312 
National Trademark Exposition of the United States Patent and Trademark Office: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consid-eration of S. Res. 580, recognizing and supporting public awareness of the importance of trademarks and the goals and ideals of the National Trademark Exposition of the United States Patent and Trade-mark Office, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S5312 
State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Act: Senate passed S. 2278, to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment.
                                           Pages S5312–14 Measures Considered: Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Agree-ment: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S5230–40, S5240–62 
Adopted: By 98 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. 164), Collins (for Heller/Brown) Amendment No. 3405 (to Amend-ment No. 3399), to increase the amount available for a Community Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grants program for tax return preparation assistance.
                                                               Pages S5240–41 
By a unanimous vote of 99 yeas (Vote No. 165), Collins (for Durbin) Amendment No. 3422 (to Amendment No. 3399), to require the Inspector General to update an audit report concerning on- time performance of Amtrak.
                      Pages S5240–41 
By 97 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. 166), Murkowski (for Schatz/Hirono) Amendment No. 3407 (to Amendment No. 3399), to provide for a report on facilities of the Department of the Interior damaged by certain volcanic eruptions.
                      Pages S5255–58 
By 87 yeas to 11 nays (Vote No. 167), Mur-kowski (for Kennedy/Cassidy) Amendment No. 3430 (to Amendment No. 3399), to provide amounts for inspection of foreign seafood manufacturers and field examinations of imported seafood.
            Pages S5255–58 
Pending: Shelby Amendment No. 3399, in the nature of a substitute.
                                          Pages S5230–40, S5240–62 
Murkowski Amendment No. 3400 (to Amend-ment No. 3399), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S5230 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that it be in order to call up the following amendments to Shelby Amendment No. 3399 (listed above): Moran Amendment No. 3433, and Udall Amendment No. 3414; and that at 2:30 p.m., on Wednesday, July 25, 2018, Senate vote on or in re-lation to Moran Amendment No. 3433, and Udall Amendment No. 3414, in the order listed, and that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:35 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24JY8.REC D24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD858 July 24, 2018 
there be no second-degree amendments in order to the amendments prior to the votes.
                 Page S5314 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, July 25, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S5314 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Bruce Landsberg, of South Carolina, to be a Mem-ber of the National Transportation Safety Board for a term expiring December 31, 2022. Jennifer L. Homendy, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board for a term expiring December 31, 2019. 
                                                                            Pages S5262, S5314 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: J. Nicholas Ranjan, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Tamara Bonzanto, of New Jersey, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Office of Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection).
          Page S5314 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S5314 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S5264–65 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S5265 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S5265 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5265–66 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S5266–67 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5267–69 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5269–70 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5263–64 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S5270–S5311 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S5311–12 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5312 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—167)
                                                 Pages S5241, S5258 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:20 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, July 25, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5314.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tions of Dan Michael Berkovitz, of Maryland, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and James E. Hubbard, of Colorado, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Natural Re-sources and Environment, who was introduced by Senator Bennet, after the nominees testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported 4,120 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps. NOMINATIONS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Michael R. Bright, of the District of Columbia, to be President, Government National Mortgage Asso-ciation, and Rae Oliver, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, both of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Dino Falaschetti, of Mon-tana, to be Director, Office of Financial Research, Department of the Treasury, after the nominees tes-tified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOAA’S BLUE ECONOMY INITIATIVE Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s blue economy initiative, focusing on supporting commerce in American oceans and Great Lakes, after receiving testimony from Rear Admiral Timothy Gallaudet, USN (Ret.), Assistant Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere and Acting Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Com-merce. EMPOWERING U.S. AMATEUR ATHLETES Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security concluded a hearing to examine strengthening and empowering United States amateur athletes, focusing on moving forward with solutions, after receiving testimony from John Engler, Michigan State University, East Lansing; Su-sanne Lyons, United States Olympic Committee, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:35 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24JY8.REC D24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D859 July 24, 2018 
Colorado Springs, Colorado; Kerry Perry, USA Gym-nastics, Indianapolis, Indiana; and Han Xiao, Athlete Advisory Council, Elkins Park, Pennsylvania. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Teri L. Donaldson, of Texas, to be Inspector General, Karen S. Evans, of West Virginia, to be an Assistant Sec-retary (Cybersecurity, Energy Security and Emer-gency Response), Christopher Fall, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Science, and Daniel Sim-mons, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy), all of the Department of Energy. GLOBAL OIL PRICES Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine factors that are im-pacting global oil prices, after receiving testimony from John R. Auers, Turner, Mason and Company, Dallas, Texas; Jason E. Bordoff, Columbia University School of International and Public Affiars, New York, New York; E. Russell Braziel, RBN Energy, LLC, Houston, Texas; Robert McNally, Rapidan En-ergy Group, Bethesda, Maryland; and Keisuke Sadamori, International Energy Agency, Paris, France. THE CHINA CHALLENGE Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine the China challenge, focusing on economic coercion as statecraft, after receiving testimony from Dan Blumenthal, American Enterprise Institute, and Ely Ratner, Center for a New American Security, both of Washington, D.C. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 22 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6479–6500; and 9 resolutions, H. Res. 1017–1025 were introduced.
            Pages H7154–55 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7156–57 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5649, to amend titles 10 and 38, United States Code, to amend the Social Security Act, and to direct the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Defense, Labor, and Homeland Security, and the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Administration, to take certain actions to improve transition assistance to members of the Armed Forces who separate, retire, or are discharged from the Armed Forces, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–864, Part 1); H.R. 5882, to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service (H. Rept. 115–865); H.R. 2409, to allow servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and Internet access service contracts while deployed (H. Rept. 115–866); H.R. 2787, to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a pilot program instituting a clin-ical observation program for pre-med students pre-paring to attend medical school, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–867); H.R. 5693, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the place-ment of veterans in non-Department medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live independently, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–868); H.R. 5974, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to use on-site regulated medical waste treat-ment systems at certain Department of Veterans Af-fairs facilities, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–869); H.R. 5538, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inclusion of certain addi-tional periods of active duty service for purposes of suspending charges to veterans’ entitlement to edu-cational assistance under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs during periods of suspended participation in vocational rehabilitation programs (H. Rept. 115–870); H.R. 5938, to amend the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a vacancy and recruitment data-base to facilitate the recruitment of certain members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:35 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24JY8.REC D24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD860 July 24, 2018 
of the Armed Forces to satisfy the occupational needs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish and implement a training and certification program for intermediate care technicians in that Department, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–871); H.R. 5864, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to establish qualifications for the human re-sources positions within the Veterans Health Admin-istration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–872); and H. Res. 1020, waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of cer-tain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 115–873). 
                                                                                    Pages H7153–54 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Palazzo to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H7089 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:35 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H7093 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Imam Seyed Ali Ghazvini, Islamic Cultural Center of Fresno, Fresno, California. 
                                                                                            Page H7093 
Restoring Access to Medication Act of 2018— Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 1012, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6199) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain over-the-counter medical products as qualified medical expenses, and pro-viding for proceedings during the period from July 27, 2018, through September 3, 2018, by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 179 noes, Roll No. 369, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 224 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 368. 
                                                                                    Pages H7100–06 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:39 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:50 p.m.
                                                   Page H7124 
Protect Medical Innovation Act: The House passed H.R. 184, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical de-vices, by a yea-and-nay vote of 283 yeas to 132 nays, Roll No. 372.
                                       Pages H7119–24,7124–25 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in H. Rept. 115–860 shall be considered as adopted. 
                                                                                            Page H7119 
H. Res. 1011, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 184) and (H.R. 6311) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 225 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 371, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 223 yeas to 188 nays, Roll No. 370.
                                      Pages H7095–H7100, H7106–07 Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Equitable Access to Care and Health Act: H.R. 1201, amended, to amend section 5000A of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an addi-tional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate;
                                             Pages H7107–09 
Native American Health Savings Improvement Act: H.R. 1476, amended, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit individuals eligible for Indian Health Service assistance to qualify for health savings accounts;
                                 Pages H7109–10 
Water and Agriculture Tax Reform Act: H.R. 519, amended, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency; 
                                                                                    Pages H7110–12 
Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act of 2018: H.R. 3500, amended, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service from rehiring any employee of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from service for misconduct; 
                                                                                    Pages H7112–13 
Improving Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act: H.R. 6084, amended, to amend title VII of the Social Security Act to provide for a single point of contact at the Social Security Admin-istration for individuals who are victims of identity theft;
                                                                        Pages H7113–15 
Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act: H.R. 4952, amended, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report on the effects of the inclusion of quality increases in the determination of blended benchmark amounts under part C of the Medicare program;
                                                                 Pages H7115–16 
Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment Trans-parency Act of 2018: H.R. 6138, amended, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to pro-vide for ambulatory surgical center representation during the review of hospital outpatient payment rates under part B of the Medicare program; 
                                                                                    Pages H7116–18 
Tribal Social Security Fairness Act of 2018: H.R. 6124, amended, to amend title II of the Social Security Act to authorize voluntary agreements for coverage of Indian tribal council members; 
                                                                                    Pages H7118–19 
Allowing servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and Internet access serv-ice contracts while deployed: H.R. 2409, amended, to allow servicemembers to terminate their cable, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:35 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24JY8.REC D24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D861 July 24, 2018 
satellite television, and Internet access service con-tracts while deployed;
                                     Pages H7130–31 
Veterans-Specific Education for Tomorrow’s Medical Doctors Act: H.R. 2787, amended, to estab-lish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a pilot program instituting a clinical observation program for pre-med students preparing to attend medical school;
                                                                     Pages H7132–33 
Amending title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide for the inclusion of certain additional periods of active duty service for purposes of suspending charges to veterans’ entitlement to educational as-sistance under the laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs during periods of sus-pended participation in vocational rehabilitation programs: H.R. 5538, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inclusion of certain additional periods of active duty service for purposes of suspending charges to veterans’ entitlement to educational assistance under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs during periods of suspended participation in vocational rehabilita-tion programs;
                                                     Pages H7133–34 
Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘Bill’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvement Act of 2018: H.R. 5649, amended, to amend titles 10 and 38, United States Code, to amend the Social Security Act, and to direct the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Defense, Labor, and Homeland Security, and the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Administration, to take certain actions to improve transition assistance to members of the Armed Forces who separate, re-tire, or are discharged from the Armed Forces; 
                                                                                    Pages H7134–40 
Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act: H.R. 5882, amended, to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service;
                                            Pages H7140–41 
Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018: H.R. 5938, amended, to amend the VA Choice and Qual-ity Employment Act to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to establish a vacancy and recruitment database to facilitate the recruitment of certain members of the Armed Forces to satisfy the occupa-tional needs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish and implement a training and certifi-cation program for intermediate care technicians in that Department; and
                                      Pages H7142–44 
Department of Veterans Affairs Creation of On- Site Treatment Systems Affording Veterans Im-provements and Numerous General Safety En-hancements Act: H.R. 5974, amended, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use on-site regulated medical waste treatment systems at certain Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs facilities.           Pages H7144–45 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. The American Legion 100th Anniversary Com-memorative Coin Act: S. 1182, amended, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemora-tive coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion; and
                           Pages H7125–30 
VA Hospitals Establishing Leadership Perform-ance Act: H.R. 5864, amended, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to establish qualifications for the human resources positions within the Vet-erans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
                                                 Pages H7141–42 
Raising a question of the privileges of the House pursuant to article I, section 7, of the United States Constitution: Agreed by unanimous consent to H. Res. 1019, raising a question of the privileges of the House pursuant to article I, section 7, of the United States Constitution.
                                  Page H7150 
Recess: The House recessed at 8:39 p.m. and recon-vened at 9:28 p.m.
                                                   Page H7150 
Senate Referral: S. 2503 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H7107. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H7105, H7105–06, H7106–07, H7107, and H7124–25. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:28 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing on H.R. 4219, the ‘‘Workflex in the 21st Century Act’’. Testimony was heard from Gayle L. Goldin, Senator, General Assembly, Rhode Island; and public witnesses. EXAMINING ADVERTISING AND MARKETING PRACTICES WITHIN THE SUBSTANCE USE TREATMENT INDUSTRY Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Advertising and Marketing Practices within the Substance Use Treatment Industry’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:35 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24JY8.REC D24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD862 July 24, 2018 
DOE MODERNIZATION: LEGISLATION TO AUTHORIZE A PILOT PROJECT TO COMMERCIALIZE THE STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘DOE Modernization: Legislation to Authorize a Pilot Project to Commer-cialize the Strategic Petroleum Reserve’’. Testimony was heard from Steven Winberg, Assistant Secretary of Fossil Energy, Department of Energy; Frank Rusco, Director, Natural Resources and Environ-ment, Government Accountability Office; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 1511, the ‘‘Homeless Children and Youth Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2069, the ‘‘Fostering Stable Housing Opportunities Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2570, the ‘‘Mortgage Fairness Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3626, the ‘‘Bank Service Company Examination Co-ordination Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5036, the ‘‘Financial Technology Protection Act’’; H.R. 5059, the ‘‘State Insurance Regulation Preservation Act’’; and H.R. 6332, the ‘‘Improving Strategies to Counter Weap-ons Proliferation Act’’. H.R. 1511, H.R. 2069, H.R. 5036, H.R. 3626, and H.R. 5059 were ordered re-ported, as amended. H.R. 6332 and H.R. 2570 were ordered reported, without amendment. EGYPT: SECURITY, HUMAN RIGHTS, AND REFORM Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Mid-dle East and North Africa held a hearing entitled ‘‘Egypt: Security, Human Rights, and Reform’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5869, the ‘‘Maritime Border Se-curity Review Act’’; H.R. 6198, the ‘‘Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6265, the ‘‘PreCheck is PreCheck Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6374, the ‘‘FIT Act’’; H.R. 6400, the ‘‘United States Ports of Entry Threat and Operational Review Act’’; H.R. 6430, the ‘‘Securing the Homeland Secu-rity Supply Chain Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6438, the ‘‘DHS Countering Unmanned Aircraft Systems Coor-dinator Act’’; H.R. 6439, the ‘‘Biometric Identifica-tion Transnational Migration Alert Program Author-ization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6443, the ‘‘Advancing Cybersecurity Diagnostics and Mitigation Act’’; H.R. 6459, the ‘‘TSA Opportunities to Pursue Ex-panded Networks for Business Act’’; H.R. 6461, the ‘‘TSA National Deployment Force Act’’; H.R. 6447, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Chief Data Officer Authorization Act’’; H. Res. 1005, directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit cer-tain documents to the House of Representatives re-lating to the border security policies, procedures, and activities as such relate to the interdiction of families by the U.S. Border Patrol between ports of entry. H.R. 5869, H.R. 6198, H.R. 6265, H.R. 6374, H.R. 6400, H.R. 6443, and H.R. 6447 were or-dered reported, as amended. H.R. 6430, H.R. 6438, H.R. 6439, H.R. 6459, H.R. 6461, and H. Res. 1005 were ordered reported, without amendment. BOOTS AT THE BORDER: EXAMINING THE NATIONAL GUARD DEPLOYMENT TO THE SOUTHWEST BORDER Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Boots at the Border: Examining the National Guard Deployment to the Southwest Border’’. Testimony was heard from Rodolfo Karisch, Chief Patrol Agent, Tucson Sector, U.S. Border Patrol, Department of Homeland Security; Major General John F. Nichols, Adjutant General, Texas National Guard, U.S. Army National Guard; and Major General Michael T. McGuire, Adjutant General, Arizona National Guard, U.S. Army National Guard. EXAMINING THE WAYFAIR DECISION AND ITS RAMIFICATIONS FOR CONSUMERS AND SMALL BUSINESSES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Wayfair decision and its Ramifications for Consumers and Small Busi-nesses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ASSESSING INNOVATIVE AND ALTERNATIVE USES OF COAL Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing Innovative and Alternative Uses of Coal’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 5244, the ‘‘Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe Reservation Reaffirmation Act’’; S. 607, the ‘‘Native American Business Incubators Program Act’’; and S. 1116, the ‘‘Indian Community Economic Enhance-ment Act of 2018’’. Testimony was heard from Darryl LaCounte, Acting Deputy Bureau Director— Office of Trust Services, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:35 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24JY8.REC D24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D863 July 24, 2018 
CYBER-SECURING THE VOTE: ENSURING THE INTEGRITY OF THE U.S. ELECTION SYSTEM Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Cyber-securing the Vote: Ensuring the Integrity of the U.S. Election System’’. Testimony was heard from Christopher Krebs, Under Secretary, National Protection and Programs Directorate, Department of Homeland Se-curity; Thomas Hicks, Commissioner, U.S. Election Assistance Commission; Maggie Toulouse Oliver, Secretary of State, New Mexico; and Ricky Hatch, County Auditor, Weber County, Utah. SHIELDING SOURCES: SAFEGUARDING THE PUBLIC’S RIGHT TO KNOW Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules; and Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Shielding Sources: Safeguarding the Public’s Right to Know’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. PRESERVING OPPORTUNITIES FOR GRAZING ON FEDERAL LAND Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on the Interior, Energy, and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Preserving Opportunities for Grazing on Federal Land’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. CONFERENCE REPORT TO ACCOMPANY THE JOHN S. MCCAIN NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Committee on Rules: Full Committee began a hearing on the Conference Report to accompany H.R. 5515, the ‘‘John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. Testimony was heard from Chairman Thornberry and Representative Smith of Washington. WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H. Res. 1020, waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules, and providing for consideration of motions to sus-pend the rules. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a rule providing for the consideration of H. Res. ——. The rule waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two-thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any resolution reported through the legisla-tive day of July 27, 2018 relating to a measure au-thorizing appropriations for the Department of De-fense. In section 2, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of July 26, 2018, or July 27, 2018, for the Speaker to enter-tain motions that the House suspend the rules relat-ing to a measure authorizing appropriations for the Department of Defense. Finally, in section 3, the rule provides that the Committee on Appropriations may, at any time before 3 p.m. on Thursday, August 2, 2018, file privileged reports to accompany meas-ures making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. URBAN AIR MOBILITY—ARE FLYING CARS READY FOR TAKE-OFF? Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Urban Air Mobil-ity—Are Flying Cars Ready for Take-Off?’’. Testi-mony was heard from Jaiwon Shin, Associate Ad-ministrator, Aeronautics Research Mission Direc-torate, National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 6468, the ‘‘Improv-ing Science in Chemical Assessments Act’’; and S. 141, the ‘‘Space Weather Research and Forecasting Act’’. S. 141 was ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 6468 was ordered reported, without amend-ment. INVESTING IN RURAL AMERICA Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access; and Sub-committee on Agriculture, Energy, and Trade held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Investing in Rural Amer-ica’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. UPDATE ON COAST GUARD ACQUISITION PROGRAMS AND MISSION BALANCE AND EFFECTIVENESS Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Update on Coast Guard Acquisition Programs and Mission Balance and Effectiveness’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Daniel Abel, Deputy Commandant for Op-erations, U.S. Coast Guard; Vice Admiral Michael McAllister, Deputy Commandant for Mission Sup-port, U.S. Coast Guard; and Marie A. Mak, Director of Acquisition and Sourcing Management, Govern-ment Accountability Office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:35 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24JY8.REC D24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD864 July 24, 2018 
ASSESSING WHETHER VA IS ON TRACK TO SUCCESSFULLY IMPLEMENT APPEALS REFORM Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing Whether VA is on Track to Successfully Implement Appeals Reform’’. Testi-mony was heard from Paul R. Lawrence, Under Sec-retary for Benefits, Veterans Benefits Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and Elizabeth H. Curda, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security Team, Government Accountability Office. THE OPIOID CRISIS: IMPLEMENTATION OF THE FAMILY FIRST PREVENTION SERVICES ACT (FFPSA) Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Human Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Opioid Crisis: Implementation of the Family First Prevention Services Act (FFPSA)’’. Testimony was heard from Jerry Milner, Associate Commissioner, Children’s Bureau, and Acting Commissioner, Ad-ministration on Children, Youth and Families, De-partment of Health and Human Services. PRODUCT EXCLUSION PROCESS FOR SECTION 232 TARIFFS ON STEEL AND ALUMINUM Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Product Exclusion Process for Section 232 Tariffs on Steel and Alu-minum’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY 25, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the race to 5G, focusing on ex-ploring spectrum needs to maintain United States global leadership, 10 a.m., SR–253. Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine destination Mars, focusing on putting American boots on the surface of the red planet, 2:15 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine American diplomacy to advance our national security strategy, 3 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 2554, to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain information to enrollees, H.R. 1222, to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, S. 2465, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease pre-vention and treatment demonstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, pre-vention, and treatment, S. 3016, to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and pending nominations, 10 a.m., SD–430. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Joseph Maguire, of Florida, to be Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and Ellen E. McCarthy, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Intelligence and Research), 9:30 a.m., SH–216. House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining the Upcoming Agenda for the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on FY 2019 Homeland Security Appropriations Bill; and the Revised Report on the Suballocation of Budget Alloca-tions for FY 2019, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Cures Implemen-tation: Updates from FDA and NIH’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Background on Renewable Identification Numbers under the Renewable Fuel Standard’’, 9:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Communica-tions Commission’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Budget Priorities for South Asia’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the State of Federal Cybersecurity Risk Deter-mination’’, 10:30 a.m., HVC–210. Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘Using Innovative Technology and Practices to Enhance the Culture of Pre-paredness’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, markup on Committee Resolution 115–20, 11:15 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Li-brary of Congress’ Strategic Plan Part 2’’, 11:30 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1872, the ‘‘Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Management Crisis at the Puerto Rico Electric 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:35 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24JY8.REC D24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D865 July 24, 2018 Power Authority and Implications for Recovery’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-committee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘GAO High Risk Focus: Cybersecurity’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Grant Management’’, 2 p.m., 2247 Ray-burn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, begin hearing entitled ‘‘James Webb Space Tele-scope: Program Breach and its Implications’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Tax Law’s Impact on Main Street’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Changes to Social Security’s Disability Appeals Process’’, 10 a.m., 2020 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to re-ceive a briefing on attacks on Roma in Ukraine, 10 a.m., SVC–214. Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine the innovation economy, entrepreneurship, and barriers to capital access, 10 a.m., 1100, Longworth Building. Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: to hold hearings to examine how the multiem-ployer pension system affects stakeholders, 10 a.m., SD–215. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine the state of play, focusing on globalized corruption, state-run doping, and international sport, 2 p.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:35 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24JY8.REC D24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD866 July 24, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, July 25 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 6147, Department of the Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, with votes on or in relation to Moran Amendment No. 3433, and Udall Amendment No. 3414, at 2:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, July 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Complete consideration of H.R. 6199—Restoring Access to Medication and Mod-ernizing Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018 and H.R. 6311—Increasing Access to Lower Premium Plans and Expanding Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018. Con-sideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beutler, Jaime Herrera, Wash., E1051, E1052 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E1051, E1054 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1056 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1052, E1053, E1054, E1054 Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E1051 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E1060 Flores, Bill, Tex., E1057 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E1054 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1052 Graves, Garret, La., E1058 Jayapal, Pramila, Wash., E1051 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1056 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1058 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1057, E1059 McHenry, Patrick T., N.C., E1055 Moolenaar, John R., Mich., E1053 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1053 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1053, E1055 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1056 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E1055 Reichert, David G., Wash., E1054 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1057 Russell, Steve, Okla., E1058 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E1051 Schneider, Bradley Scott, Ill., E1052 Schweikert, David, Ariz., E1059 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1052, E1055, E1056 Turner, Michael R., Ohio, E1055 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E1053, E1055, E1057, E1058, E1059 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E1052 Welch, Peter, Vt., E1058 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1058, E1059 Young, Don, Alaska, E1052 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:35 Jul 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D24JY8.REC D24JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST