Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3045 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 2018 No. 51 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, March 26, 2018, at 11:30 a.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , MARCH 23, 2018 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, March 23, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ODEY C. A
RRINGTON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Reverend Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Peo-ples Church, Jacksonville, Texas, of-fered the following prayer: Heavenly Father, as we approach holy week, may all in government emulate the humility of the king of kings and lord of lords, who entered Je-rusalem not a conquering monarch but a lowly servant riding upon a donkey. His was not to reign over Rome but to remain obedient to His Father’s will and the passion of His cross. In death, He showed us how to live, for greater love has no man than this, than to lay down His life for His friends. In His res-urrection, He conquered death, Hell, and the grave. By His ascension, He es-tablished His eternal throne and king-dom. Demonstrating His eternal dominion over sin, He gave us power through His indwelling Holy Spirit. Therefore, let us serve one another, esteem one an-other, and love one another. Empower us to choose obedience to our King. In the majestic name of Jesus Christ I pray. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(a) of House Resolution 796, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 23, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 23, 2018, at 8:52 a.m.: That the Senate agreed to with an amend-ment H. Con. Res. 116. That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate H.R. 1625. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill was signed by the Speaker on Friday, March 23, 2018: H.R. 1625, to amend the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for pur-poses of the rewards program of the De-partment of State, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1625. An act to amend the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to in-clude severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational orga-nized crime for purposes of the rewards pro-gram of the Department of State, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Mar 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR7.000 H23MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3046 March 23, 2018 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported and found truly en-rolled a bill of the House of the fol-lowing title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. A
RRINGTON : 
H.R. 4851. An act to establish the Kennedy- King National Commemorative Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 22, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 3731. To provide overtime pay for em-ployees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(b) of House Resolution 796, the House stands adjourned until 4 p.m. on Monday, March 26, 2018. Thereupon (at 10 o’clock and 17 min-utes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, March 26, 2018, at 4 p.m. 
f 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
The Committee on Armed Services dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 3548 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5408. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for prevention and treatment of substance abuse grants to recovery community organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 5409. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require each au-thorized committee or leadership PAC of a candidate for election for Federal office to disburse all of the funds of the committee or PAC which remain unexpended after the date of the election, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself and Mr. S
TIVERS ): H. Res. 806. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘Financial Literacy Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. H AS-TINGS , Mr. R ASKIN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
OHEN , and Mr. T AKANO ): H. Res. 807. A resolution honoring Bella Savitsky Abzug of New York, New York, for leading the way in creating a feminist pres-ence in Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5408. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress taxes and spends (which is ap-plied to numerous government programs, in-cluding grant programs) under Article I, Sec. 8, Cl. ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 5409. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 66: Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 93: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1447: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1519: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 1584: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1648: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. R
ASKIN , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 1753: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 2431: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 2644: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3197: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3304: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 3378: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4145: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 4221: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 4223: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4941: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5104: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 5115: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5136: Mr. R
USH, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , and Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 5188: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 5242: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 5243: Mr. D
UNN. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS Under clause 2 of rule XV, the fol-lowing discharge petitions were filed: 
Petition 8, March 21, 2018, by Mr. COHEN on the bill (H.R. 4669), was signed by the fol-lowing Members: Mr. Cohen, Mr. Castro of Texas, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Has-tings, Mr. Quigley, Ms. Bass, Mrs. Lawrence, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Ms. Brownley of California, Ms. Fudge, Mrs. Wat-son Coleman, Mr. Sires, Mr. Garamendi, Mr. Doggett, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Mr. Cicilline, Mr. Crowley, Mr. Carbajal, Ms. McCollum, Mr. Correa, Ms. Barraga ´n, Mrs. Demings, Mr. Gomez, Mr. Espaillat, Mr. Welch, Mr. Capuano, Ms. Shea-Porter, Mr. Soto, Mr. Lawson of Florida, Mr. Blu-menauer, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Mr. Price of North Caro-lina, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Ms. Matsui, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Beyer, Ms. Lee, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Tonko, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. Courtney, Ms. Esty of Connecticut, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Mr. Lar-son of Connecticut, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Engel, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Mr. Schneider, Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. Adams, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Mrs. Bustos, Mrs. Dingell, Ms. Wil-son of Florida, Ms. Hanabusa, Mr. Heck, Mr. Keating, Mr. Cartwright, Ms. Titus, Mr. Rup-persberger, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Mr. Lewis of Georgia, Mr. McEachin, Mr. Brown of Maryland, Mr. Evans, Ms. Jayapal, Mr. Kilmer, Mr. Krishnamoorthi, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. Ted Lieu of California, Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Nor-cross, Ms. Blunt Rochester, Mr. Meeks, Mr. DeSaulnier, Mr. Ellison, Ms. Schakowsky, Mr. Lowenthal, Mr. Nolan, Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Ms. Moore, Mrs. Davis of California, Ms. Kaptur, Ms. DeLauro, Mr. Butterfield, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Pallone, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Ben Ray Luja ´n of New Mexico, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Hoyer, Mr. Payne, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Mr. Clyburn, Mr. Richmond, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Panetta, Ms. Sa´nchez, Mr. McGovern, Mr. Serrano, Mr. Gallego, Ms. Kelly of Illi-nois, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Nadler, Mr. Lynch, Ms. Lofgren, Mr. McNerney, Mr. O’Halleran, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Moulton, Mr. Higgins of New York, Ms. Castor of Florida, Mr. Gutie´rrez, Mr. Pocan, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Crist, Mr. Takano, Mr. Himes, Ms. Vela´zquez, Ms. Speier, Mr. Schiff, Ms. DelBene, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. Suozzi, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Mr. Khanna, Mrs. Lowey, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Aguilar, Mr. Ca´rdenas, Mr. Raskin, Mr. Peters, Mr. Rush, Mr. Delaney, Mr. Kildee, Ms. Sewell of Ala-bama, Mr. Thompson of California, Ms. DeGette, Mr. Costa, Mr. Loebsack, Mr. Clay, Mr. Vargas, Mr. Neal, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mr. Polis, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Mrs. Torres, Mr. Swalwell of California, Mr. Grijalva, Mr. Levin, Ms. Gabbard, Mr. Kihuen, Ms. Kuster of New Hampshire, and Ms. Sinema. Petition 9, March 22, 2018, by Ms. JACK-SON LEE on the bill (H.R. 3654), was signed by the following Members: Ms. Jackson Lee. f DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge peti-tions: 
Petition 6 by Mr. THOMPSON of California on H.R. 4240: Mr. Gutie´rrez. Petition 7 by Mr. CLYBURN on H.R. 3464: Mr. Bera and Mr. Gutie´rrez. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Mar 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR7.001 H23MRPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE365 March 23, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR THE UNITED STATES CAPITOL POLICE, MS. FAY ROPELLA, IN HONOR OF HER RETIREMENT 
HON. GREGG HARPER 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 23, 2018 Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ms. Fay Ropella, Inspector Gen-eral for the United States Capitol Police (USCP) Department, on her upcoming retire-ment, and to thank her for her many years of public service. Ms. Ropella was sworn in as the second In-spector General for the USCP in November 2013, and has diligently served this institution with honor and integrity. During her more than 20 years working in the Inspector General community, Ms. Ropella has served in numerous capacities on teams which recovered tens of millions of dollars as a result of audits and investigations into areas such as labor cost mischarging, contract and grant fraud, and misuse of federal funds. As Inspector General for the USCP, Ms. Ropella has led an office responsible for iden-tifying and preventing waste, fraud, and abuse within the Department. Over her past years of service, Ms. Ropella’s priorities were to serve as an independent and trusted contributor to the USCP’s mission and operations and to im-prove the management and financial integrity of the Department’s programs. Before her ap-pointment to Inspector General, she was serv-ing as Assistant Inspector General for Audits, performing the duties of Deputy Inspector General for the USCP and helping establish the office from the ground-up. One of her ear-liest accomplishments in this role was to assist the USCP in completing its first set of financial statements, resulting in a clean opinion. In her work, Ms. Ropella has distinguished herself by promoting positive change within the USCP and has earned the respect of her colleagues in the process. Before joining the USCP, Ms. Ropella served for more than 10 years with the Office of Inspector General for the Department of State. Among her many senior leadership po-sitions, she was the chief financial advisor to the Department of State, Bureau of Popu-lation, Refugees, and Migration, managing ap-propriations in excess of $1.5 billion. Before joining the Department of State, Ms. Ropella worked at the U.S. Information Agency and the Department of Defense. Ms. Ropella graduated Magna Cum Laude from Saint Leo College with a Bachelor of Arts in Accountancy. Ms. Ropella is a Certified Public Accountant and a Certified Fraud Ex-aminer, and she has been active in the Coun-cil of Inspectors General for Integrity and Effi-ciency, Federal Audit Executive Council, as well as the Legislative Inspector General quar-terly meetings. Ms. Ropella will retire on March 30, 2018, leaving behind a legacy of leadership, trans-parency, accountability, and cooperation. She has been a true public servant, and we are grateful for her unwavering dedication to this institution. We wish Ms. Ropella success and happiness in her retirement and offer our con-gratulations to her and her family. f 
TRIBUTE TO 98-YEAR-OLD VET-ERAN VIRGINIA HENDERSON GRANGER 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 23, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay special tribute to my Memphis constituent Virginia Henderson Granger, a veteran over-seas U.S. Army nurse during World War II, who turned 98 last month. Mrs. Granger was born on February 21, 1920, in Johnson City, Illinois. She graduated from West Frankfort Community High School in 1937 and went to nursing school at Christian Welfare Hospital in East St. Louis, Illinois, earning her R.N. in 1942. Later, after her service in the Army, Mrs. Granger went to Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, and graduated in 1952 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Nursing. Mrs. Granger volunteered for the Army Nurse Corps in 1943 and was commissioned a Second Lieutenant. At Camp McCoy, Wis-consin, Mrs. Granger received her basic train-ing and then worked at the Station Hospital for six weeks while awaiting further orders. She traveled by troop train to Camp Kilmer, New Jersey, which was the port of embar-kation for the European Theatre of Operations. Mrs. Granger was sent to Barnstaple, Eng-land, as a platoon nurse caring for troops. She returned to the U.S. to take up her permanent assignment after a passenger/cargo ship, the USS Munargo, was converted into the 206th U.S. Army Hospital Ship Thistle. She served on the Thistle for most of two years, rising in rank to First Lieutenant. The home ports for the Thistle were New York City and Charleston, South Carolina, while its overseas port was Naples, Italy. As a hospital ship, it was considered neutral under the Geneva Convention and bore a large red cross on the upper decks. While aboard the Thistle, Mrs. Granger made 12 round trips across the Atlantic Ocean bringing sick and wounded troops home from the European Theater. While in the Mediterranean Sea, the ship shuttled sick and wounded troops from Oran, Algeria and Southern France. Mrs. Granger and the rest of the crew of the Thistle participated in the Southern France Invasion in August 1944. At the end of the war in Europe, the Thistle and Mrs. Granger were sent to the Philippine Islands to evacuate the remaining sick and wounded. After three years of serv-ice, Mrs. Granger returned via Long Beach, California, and was discharged in Des Moines, Iowa. Mrs. Granger was awarded the World War II Victory Medal, the EAME (Eastern, Amer-ican, Mediterranean) Campaign Medal with three Bronze Service Stars, the American Pa-cific Campaign Medal, and three overseas bars. Mrs. Granger, a widow, was married to John W. Granger, an Army veteran of the war, for thirty years. After leaving the Army, she worked as a nurse at the John Cochran Veterans Hospital in St. Louis, Missouri, and the Memphis Vet-erans Hospital. She worked a total of thirty years at the two hospitals and served in al-most all of the departments within the hos-pitals. For several years she was the super-visor of the Spinal Cord Injury, Post Surgical Unit, and Psychiatric Departments of the hos-pital in Memphis. Except for her college years in St. Louis, Mrs. Granger has lived in Memphis since 1946. She helped open the Veterans Hospital in St. Louis and she helped move the Mem-phis Veterans Hospital from Park and Getwell to its current location on Jefferson Avenue. She retired from the VA in 1979. Mrs. Granger currently lives at the Kirby Pines Retirement Community. Mrs. Granger is a longtime member of American Legion Post 250 in Germantown. I want to commend Mrs. Granger for her long years of service to our country and its vet-erans and hope that my constituents and her many friends will thank her for the devoted hard work she has done for a grateful nation. 
f 
HONORING THE POWER OF STU-DENT VOICES AT CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. DWIGHT EVANS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 23, 2018 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor The Power of Student Voices at Central High School, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Power of Student Voices at Central High School was created in the fall of 2005 to create a more informed citizenry that can ac-tively participate and investigate the unique culture of the American political landscape. In May 2008, Central High School was awarded the AARP Ethel Percy Award for Civic En-gagement. Additionally, the students partici-pated in the Presidential inaugural activities in 2009 and 2017 and of Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf in January 2015. Last year, the stu-dents participated in an in-depth study of the 2016 Presidential Election. Now, Central High School’s seniors have the opportunity to explore our nation’s capitol as they visit historical landmarks and meet with political actors. This unique experience will give them the opportunity to meet with po-litical professionals, conduct interviews, write news articles and blogs (to be displayed on a student-made website), and explore the histor-ical and political landscape of the political process. Students will develop a direct sense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Mar 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MR8.001 E23MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE366 March 23, 2018 
of political efficacy and interact with key deci-sion-makers to affect the policy making proc-ess. The 2nd Congressional District of Pennsyl-vania extends gratitude to The Power of Stu-dent Voices at Central High School for their hard work and commitment to civic engage-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ED WHITING 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 23, 2018 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding member of our community, Mr. Ed Whiting, on his retirement as Chief of Police and for his tireless and dedicated service to the City of Taft, Cali-fornia. For well over thirty years, Ed has dedicated his life to ensuring that the citizens of Califor-nia’s 23rd Congressional District remain safe and informed. Having graduated from East Ba-kersfield High School in 1976, Ed has long served as an instrumental member of Califor-nia’s Central Valley community. Upon gradua-tion from high school, Ed enlisted in the United States Air Force as a Law Enforcement Specialist, where he learned how to effectively enforce rules and maintain order. Ed’s suc-cessful career with the Air Force is marked by the accolades that he received—including a Good Conduct Medal and the Joint Service Commendation Medal for Operation Red, White and Blue during the 1980 Cuban Ref-ugee Resettlement in Florida. He retired from the Air Force after achieving the rank of Ser-geant. Following his military service, Ed joined the Kern County Sheriff’s Office before attending the Police Academy in Bakersfield. Ed went on to serve in Bakersfield, McFarland and eventually Taft in a myriad of roles—from Po-lice Officer to Detective to Sergeant. His down-to-earth demeanor and larger-than-life personality have made Ed a joy to work with. With an extensive background in law en-forcement and a passion for serving others, Ed was the ideal candidate to take on the role of Taft Police Chief in 2012—serving proudly with diligence and grace. Perhaps one of the most telling events of Ed’s success as police chief was the smooth and orderly manner in which he handled the 2013 shooting at Taft Union High School. Ed’s effective rapid re-sponse strategies became a trademark of his career, and I truly believe that Ed’s leadership greatly enhanced the Taft community’s safety. On behalf of California’s 23rd Congressional District and the United States Congress, I am grateful for Ed’s service to our community, as I know the Taft community is as well. I have always appreciated his friendship and advice, and I know that many others join me in cele-brating his successful career. I wish Ed, his wife of 29 years, Robin, and his two children, Melissa and John, happiness in Ed’s retirement. HONORING RICKLIN’S HARDWARE STORE HON. DWIGHT EVANS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 23, 2018 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an iconic small business, Ricklin’s Hard-ware, an institution in Narberth that is closing after over a century of dedication to the com-munity. Ricklin’s Hardware began before it even had its now familiar storefront to its name in 1913. Founder and namesake Hyman Ricklin started the business going through Narberth, door-to- door, with a pushcart full of tools before set-tling on the business’ iconic location on Haver-ford Avenue. Ricklin, his wife, ‘‘Ma’’ Ricklin, and children operated the store for several years. The store endured two fires and the loss of its original building before it was sold to Ed Riddell and brothers Mario and Kelly Barone in 1960. Though once amassing five separate hard-ware stores, Ed Riddell settled on a flock of two fixtures, including Ricklin’s Hardware and Suburban Hardware in Byrn Mawr, which closed last year after nine decades of service. Since 1973, Ed’s son, Jed, has worked in the store alongside his father. Jed worked at Ricklin’s throughout high school, as did his friend and classmate Charlie Waters, and the pair became co-owners of Ricklin’s in 1990. As Ricklin’s Hardware has passed hands from one generation to the next, so too have its customers. Riddell and Waters and other longtime employees have personally seen more than three generations pass through its doors. This is a true testament to the loyalty of its customers, the community, and the re-markable care Ricklin’s has provided. After 105 years of service, Ricklin’s Hard-ware has proven that the individual and spe-cialized support characteristics our small busi-nesses provide as an irreplaceable investment to our neighborhoods. As Riddell and Waters plan to close the doors of Ricklin’s Hardware on April 28, they should do so with the rec-ognition that through the generations Ricklin’s has established ties to the Narberth commu-nity that will last long past its closure. The 2nd Congressional District of Pennsyl-vania extends gratitude to Ricklin’s Hardware for its dedicated service to Narberth and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 23, 2018 Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, on March 22, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and missed recorded vote No. 123. Had I been present, on Roll Call No. 123, On Order-ing the Previous Question: H. Res. 796: Pro-viding for consideration of the Senate amend-ment to the bill (H.R. 1625) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime, I would have voted NO. RECOGNIZING DR. DAVID HERD HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 23, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Dr. David Herd, a resident of New York’s 23rd congressional district in Geneva, New York. Dr. Herd just completed his term as presi-dent of the American Chiropractic Association, where he has been a member for nearly four decades. In his time at ACA, Dr. Herd has served in many leadership posts, including serving as New York’s delegate to the organi-zation’s governing body, as chair of the ACA’s strategic planning committee, and as chair of the ACA’s membership committee. A native of Buffalo, Dr. Herd received his BA at the State University of New York at Buf-falo and his Doctor of Chiropractic degree at Palmer College of Chiropractic in Davenport, Iowa. Dr. Herd has also served on the faculty of the New York Chiropractic College, located in Seneca Falls. In addition, Dr. Herd has also served in the leadership of the New York State Chiropractic Association, as president of the Rochester district in the early 1990s. These past two years, Dr. Herd has spear-headed a move to streamline the governance structure of the ACA, leading to a more dy-namic and responsive organization. A tireless advocate for chiropractic patients and his be-loved profession, he and others at the ACA have now laid the groundwork for a strong and vibrant organization for years to come. On March 1st, the American Chiropractic Association recognized Dr. Herd with their most prestigious honor, the Chiropractor of the Year award. Mr. Speaker, this is truly an honor befitting of an individual who has dedi-cated his life to his patients and his profes-sion. I congratulate him on this honor and for a successful tenure as president of the ACA. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE MEMPHIS SANITATION WORKERS’ STRIKE AND THE ASSASSINATION OF DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 23, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the coordinated struggle of workers on the 50th Anniversary of the 1968 Memphis sanitation workers’ strike to voice their grievances and reach a collective agreement for rights in the workplace. To enshrine this moment into history and the record of the House of Representatives, I recently introduced a resolution, H. Res. 720, to commemorate the historic convergence of the Civil Rights and Labor movements that the sanitation workers’ strike represents. Since Its introduction, my resolution has garnered the support of a bipartisan coalition of nearly 100 members of the House including almost every member of the Congressional Black Caucus, every member of the Tennessee House dele-gation, and the support and passage of an identical resolution in the United States Sen-ate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Mar 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MR8.003 E23MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE367 March 23, 2018 
On February 1, 1968, Memphis sanitation workers Echol Cole, 36, and Robert Walker, 30, climbed inside a garbage truck amid putre-fying trash and dead chickens in a driving rain and were crushed to death when the com-pactor malfunctioned. Twelve days later, frus-trated by the city’s response to the latest event in a long pattern of neglect and dis-respect for its black employees, 1,300 black men from the Memphis Department of Public Works went on strike. Sanitation workers demanded recognition of their union, better safety standards, and higher wages. Their fight—symbolized by strike plac-ards reading ‘‘I AM A MAN’’—brought Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr. to Memphis. On April 4, 1968, during the labor dispute, Dr. King was assassinated on the balcony outside his room in the Lorraine Motel, now the site of the Na-tional Civil Rights Museum. On the cusp of the solemn 50th anniversary of the assassination of the late, Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, Jr., I would like to lay out the record of the Memphis sanitation workers’ strike and the events leading up to the assassination of Dr. King: In 1968, 1,300 African-American sanitation workers in Memphis, Tennessee, fought for collective bargaining rights and equality in the workplace. In the struggle for workers’ rights, the Amer-ican Federation of State, County and Munic-ipal Employees (AFSCME) integrated the labor movement and the civil rights movement in a demand for basic human rights and re-spect for all men and women. Black employees doing most of the low- wage work in Memphis had almost no health care, pensions, or vacation, worked in deplor-able conditions, and were shown disrespect by White supervisors. 40 percent of the workers qualified for wel-fare in order to supplement their low salaries and were denied the opportunity to improve their working conditions by Memphis Mayor Henry Loeb and the City Council. On January 31, 1968, 22 Black sewer work-ers who reported for work were sent home when it began raining, losing a day’s pay, while White workers were not sent home and received a full day’s pay. The following day, February 1, 1968, sanita-tion workers Echol Cole and Robert Walker sought refuge from a downpour in the hamper of a garbage truck amid putrefying garbage and were crushed to death when the com-pactor malfunctioned. On February 12, 1968, Memphis sanitation and public employees went on strike after at-tempting last-minute negotiations with Mayor Loeb and the city on the terms of their em-ployment, demanding that the city recognize their union, and provide a pay increase to $2.35 an hour from an average of $1.70, over-time pay, and promotions based on merit irre-spective of race. In response to the workers’ demands, Mayor Loeb, on February 13, 1968, threat-ened to hire replacements unless workers re-turned to work On February 18, 1968, the President of AFSCME, Jerry Wurf, arrived in Memphis and negotiations began in the basement of St. Mary’s Episcopal Church with Rabbi James A. Wax of Temple Israel representing the Mem-phis Ministerial Association, mediating be-tween the city and striking workers, assisted by Local 1733 President T.O. Jones and AFSCME Director of Legislative and Commu-nity Affairs William Lucy. After an all-night vigil outside City Hall on February 19–20, 1968, the National Associa-tion for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and union workers called for a boy-cott of downtown businesses. On February 23, 1968, 1,500 strikers and supporters organized a march to the Memphis City Hall, where, 11 days after the initial strike, the City Council refused to recognize the union. In the following days, 500 White labor union members joined members of the clergy and sanitation workers in a march downtown, 116 strikers and supporters were arrested during a peaceful demonstration, and hundreds of high school students joined in another march led or supported by members of the clergy including Rabbi Wax, the Reverend Frank McRae of St. John’s United Methodist Church, Father Nich-olas Vieron of Annunciation Greek Orthodox Church, and Dean William Dimmick of St. Mary’s. On March 4, 1968, a proposal by State Sen-ator Frank White to create a State mediation board to resolve the stalemate was rejected by Mayor Loeb. On March 5, 1968, the Ministerial Associa-tion announced that Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., would be traveling to Memphis on behalf of striking workers. On March 7, 1968, the City Council voted to reject union dues checkoff for sanitation work-ers. Throughout March 1968, national civil rights leaders, including Roy Wilkins, Bayard Rustin, Ralph Abernathy, James Bevel, Andrew Young, and Jesse Jackson, among others, came to Memphis to rally the strikers. On March 28, 1968, Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and the Reverend James Lawson of Centenary Methodist Church led a march from the sanitation workers’ gathering spot at Clayborn Temple and on to Beale Street which was marred by window-breaking and disintegrated into a riot as police responded with tear gas and gunfire. Also on March 28, 1968, 16-year-old Larry Payne was shot to death by a Memphis police officer, police arrested 280 mostly Black dem-onstrators, and the State legislature authorized a 7 p.m. curfew which was enforced by 4,000 members of the National Guard moving into Memphis. In response to Payne’s death, Rev. Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., called Payne’s mother, Lizzie, offering consolation, and vowed to visit her on his return to Memphis. Also on March 28, 1968, and in response to Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s promise to return to Memphis to lead a march based on the principles of nonviolence, the city obtained a temporary restraining order in Federal court forbidding such a march. In response to the temporary restraining order, AFSCME General Counsel Mel Wulf asked the firm of Burch, Porter and Johnson and attorneys Lucius E. Burch, Jr., David Caywood, Charles Newman, and W.J. Michael Cody to work on lifting the injunction to allow the march to proceed. Louis Lucas and Walter Bailey of the Ratner and Sugarmon firm were deeply involved in representing King and striking workers for the duration of the labor dispute. On April 3, 1968, Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., addressed a rally of 10,000 Black workers and residents, members of the clergy, White liberals, and union members at Mason Temple, the Memphis headquarters of the Church of God in Christ, for what would be his last speech, forever known for the lines ‘I have been to the mountain top’, and ‘I may not get there with you but I want you to know tonight that we as a people will get to the promised land’, linking the civil rights and labor move-ments and foreshadowing his fate. On April 4, 1968, a daylong hearing on the city’s injunction resulted in an order from United States District Judge Bailey Brown in the late afternoon allowing the march, with some restrictions, to go forward on April 5, 1968. On April 4, 1968, the day after his rallying cry for compromise, Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was assassinated by a sniper on the balcony outside of his Lorraine Motel room in Memphis. On April 4, 1968, Memphis and cities across the country erupted in violent protests and riot-ing. On April 5, 1968, Rabbi James A. Wax led a march from St. Mary’s Episcopal Church to City Hall and confronted Mayor Henry Loeb with the Nation watching on all three networks, telling him ‘There are laws far greater than the laws of Memphis and Tennessee, and these are the laws of God’. On April 8, 1968, an estimated 42,000 peo-ple, led by the wife of Rev. Dr. King, Jr., Coretta Scott King, and her children, peace-fully marched in memory of Dr. King and in support of the union’s requests. On April 16, 1968, AFSCME announced that a 14-month contract had been agreed to and accepted, and included union dues check-off, a grievance procedure, and wage increases of 10 cents an hour in May and another 5 cents in September, ending the 3-month strike. On April 29, 2011, the 1,300 sanitation worker strikers were inducted into the Depart-ment of Labor’s Labor Hall of Honor. Today, the integration of the civil rights and labor movements remains a work in progress and requires our continued vigilance. In the days leading up to and surrounding April 4th 2018, 50 years after that fateful night, the world will converge on Memphis, a now- sacred place where the world lost a true bea-con of justice. Nevertheless, the light from that beacon shines on, lighting a path towards true equality and compassion for one another, long after the passing of the late Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. There, we will pay homage and re-spect to a man whose bold courage helped change the world, and whose legacy con-tinues to be a force for justice and hope for all. I urge my colleagues to pass H. Res. 720, to immortalize our honor and respect for the Memphis sanitation workers and Dr. King and the legacy they leave behind. 
f 
HONORING PAUL BEALE’S FLORIST 
HON. DWIGHT EVANS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 23, 2018 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an iconic small business, Paul Beale’s Florist, a family-owned business on Ogontz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Mar 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MR8.008 E23MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE368 March 23, 2018 
Avenue that has meant so much to our neigh-borhood and the City of Philadelphia for 47 years. From a young age, founder Paul Beale al-ways knew he would be a florist and one day own his own flower shop. Committed to his goal Mr. Beale worked his way up and was a manager at Stein’s Flower shop for 15 years. In 1970, the Senate passed a bill that in-creased federal assistance for the financing of small businesses. In 1971, Paul’s dream to own his own shop came to fruition when he took out a loan to start a shop of his very own, Paul Beale’s Florist. Paul and his wife, Altermese, worked tire-lessly to keep their business up and running. The Beales’ hard work has paid off over the years, as Paul Beale’s Flowers has become a true fixture on Ogontz Avenue in West Oak Lane. The small business has also become a fixture of the Beale family. Paul’s daughter, Paulette Beale Harris, is now the store man-ager, and four generations of the Beale family work in the shop. Mr. Beale is a true role model in our City as he is a strong believer that what he earns from his shop should be in-vested back into the neighborhood he is proud to call home. The 2nd Congressional District of Pennsyl-vania extends gratitude to Paul Beale’s Flow-ers for its dedicated service to the City of Philadelphia and the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 80th BIRTHDAY OF MR. HUBERT HOWARD COKER 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 23, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 80th birthday of Mr. Hubert Howard Coker. Mr. Coker is an outstanding citizen who demonstrates a deep devotion to God, our nation, and to his family. Mr. Coker is known for his commitment to helping his fellow man through his many roles in life, including public service. Mr. Coker was born on March 30, 1938, to Homer and Luna Coker. He was the eighth of ten children born on the family farm in the Ryan’s Well community in Itawamba County. During his early years, he demonstrated the meaning of hard work by dividing his time in the fields with school work. At the age of 15, Mr. Coker traveled to Florida, where he took a job harvesting trees from swamps to help support his family. Mr. Coker eventually re-turned to Itawamba County and continued his education at Itawamba Agricultural High School. In 1957, Mr. Coker married Lula Faye Newell. In 1958, Mr. Coker earned his General Equivalency Diploma (GED). He attended Northwest Alabama Junior College in Phil Campbell, Alabama, where he studied elec-tronics. In 1959, Mr. Coker and his family moved to Wisconsin, where he began working for the American Motors Corporation (AMC). After a brief stay, Mr. Coker and his family moved back to Itawamba County, there he began working at the True Temper Corporation in Amory, Mississippi. He would later become an employee at Mueller Brass Industries, Inc., where he embarked on a long-term mission to make sure his fellow workers received better pay and opportunities for advancement. Mr. Coker assisted in the forming of the United Steel Workers Union at Mueller Brass Indus-tries, Inc. He later served as president of the union. Mr. Coker also established other unions throughout the south to improve wages and working conditions. From 1982–1992, Mr. Coker served as the administrator of the In-dustrial Union Department. He also served as a national organizer for the International Woodworkers of America (IWA). Mr. Coker has long been a champion of civil rights. In 1968, he took part in the Poor Peo-ple’s March on Washington, D.C., where par-ticipants called for a federal solution to wide-spread unemployment and poverty in America. Mr. Coker continued to push for civil rights re-forms as a member of the NAACP and the A. Philip Randolph Institute. Mr. Coker’s desire to help others inspired him to run for public office. In 1976, he was elected to serve as an Itawamba County Jus-tice Court Judge. He was also elected to serve as chairman of the Itawamba County Democratic Executive Committee from 1980– 1984. Mr. Coker served on the Mississippi Democratic State Executive Committee from 1984–1990. One of Mr. Coker’s proudest achievements was being chosen as a Mis-sissippi delegate to the 1984 Democratic Na-tional Convention (DNC) in California, sup-porting presidential candidate, Walter Mon-dale, and the first female nominee for vice president, Geraldine Ferraro. Mr. Coker and his wife, Carol Gray Coker, live in Fulton. They have two daughters, Patri-cia Digby and Angela Johnson; one son, Ken-neth H. Coker; seven grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren. Mr. Coker enjoys spend-ing time with his family, cattle farming, invest-ing in the stock market, and staying abreast of the latest news. Mr. Coker’s love of God and America, backed by humble roots and hard work, dem-onstrates a spirit of true patriotism, honor, and pride in being an American. I am honored to wish him a happy 80th birthday and all the best on this special day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Mar 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MR8.010 E23MRPT1
D339 Friday, March 23, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 11:30 a.m., on Monday, March 26, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 2 public bills, H.R. 5408–5409; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 806–807, were introduced.
                                  Page H3046 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H3046 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Arrington to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H3045 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Peoples Church, Jacksonville, TX.
                                     Page H3045 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H3045. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 10:17 a.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, MARCH 26, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Mar 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MR8.REC D23MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD340 March 23, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11:30 a.m., Monday, March 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 4 p.m., Monday, March 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in pro forma session at 4 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E366 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E365, E366 Evans, Dwigt, Pa., E365, E366, E367 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E365 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E368 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E366 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Mar 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23MR8.REC D23MRPT1