Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1269 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2018 No. 35 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 27, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable P
AUL M
ITCHELL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 10:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
REVEREND BILLY GRAHAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I offer my deepest condolences to Reverend Billy Graham’s children and grandchildren on this very sad occasion. Reverend Billy Graham will be re-membered by millions of people for millions of reasons, which is a testa-ment to the people he inspired. When I consider Reverend Graham’s life and all of his many accomplishments, I think of his humble beginnings and his dedication to bringing people to Christ. Reverend Graham, North Carolina’s favorite son, began as a farmer’s son and was not born with the steadfast faith that we later observed. It was a faith he chose and that he dedicated himself to all of his life. Later, he would be called America’s Pastor, as he counseled Presidents and the poor alike. What is remarkable is how Reverend Graham heard the call and made the choice to follow the Lord and to take His word farther and more rapidly than it had ever gone before. Mark 16:15 of the Good Book in-structs us to, ‘‘Go into all the world and preach the gospel to all creation.’’ This is a charge that Reverend Graham took seriously and a charge which he spent a lifetime endeavoring to obey. This seemingly ordinary man went on to do extraordinary things because of his faith and because of his calling to follow the Lord. In Chronicles 16:9, we observe that ‘‘for the eyes of the Lord move to and fro throughout the Earth that He may strongly support those whose heart is completely His.’’ This scripture strikes true when we think of Reverend Gra-ham’s life and work. His heart was cer-tainly filled with love for the Lord. Reverend Graham traveled the world preaching to the masses, but he did not crave frame or notoriety. Ever the humble servant, Reverend Graham craved the grace to bring others to Christ. Mr. Speaker, I am saddened that Rev-erend Graham is no longer with us, but I rejoice that he has joined the Lord, whom he loved so dearly. I am proud to join thousands of Americans in paying my last respects to Reverend Graham as his body lies in honor in the United States Capitol. This is only the fourth time in history that a civilian has earned this high honor and the esteem of a grateful nation, and this honor is richly deserved. Mr. Speaker, I hope that everyone here and those watching at home will remember all of Reverend Graham’s many lessons and will let his life serve as a reminder to us all that ordinary people can accomplish extraordinary things if we put our trust in the Lord. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF EDDIE OLCZYK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about a legendary Chicagoan, Mr. Eddie Olczyk, a former star player and a current voice of the Blackhawks. A native son of Chicago, Eddie exemplifies the heart, grit, and character of the city we both call home. Eddie first made his way into Chi-cago’s collective heart as a member of the 1984 U.S. Olympic Hockey Team at the young age of 17. From there, he went on to play 16 seasons in the NHL and later coached the Pittsburgh Pen-guins. In 2012, Eddie was inducted into the U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame. Eddie currently works as a broad-caster for both the Blackhawks and na-tionally as a color commentator for NBC Sports. He is the best in the busi-ness. Those outside of Chicago may know Eddie from his time covering horse racing for NBC. Today, Eddie is facing another bat-tle. This one is off the ice. Last year, he was diagnosed with colon cancer. As he describes it, sometime last summer, he began feeling pain in his lower abdo-men. Initially, the pain was intermit-tent and he thought nothing of it. But when it persisted for several days, he decided he should get things checked out. It was then that his doctor found a tumor, and he was quickly scheduled for surgery to have it removed. For the past 6 months, Eddie’s been undergoing chemotherapy, and he just completed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.000 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1270 February 27, 2018 
his 11th treatment. Thankfully, he has one more treatment to go. Clearly, Eddie knows what it means to be tough. But to really be tough, men in particular must know that it is okay to say something when things don’t feel right. The American Cancer Society esti-mates that 1 in 22 men and 1 in 24 women are at risk for developing colorectal cancer in their lifetime. Colorectal cancer is currently the third leading cause of cancer-related deaths in the United States. In 2017, it is expected to cause over 50,000 deaths. That is particularly important for men who don’t want to consider the dangers of colon cancer. This doesn’t have to be. When detected early, treatment for colorectal cancer is effective, espe-cially when polyps are removed before they become cancerous. More young men are being diagnosed with young-onset colorectal cancer than ever before. According to the Colorectal Cancer Alliance, 11 percent of colon cancers and 18 percent of rec-tal cancer diagnoses occur in those under the age of 50. Young men, even those in their thir-ties and forties, must be aware of the risk for this disease and advocate for their health. Talk to your doctor regu-larly if you are feeling pain, and get screened regularly. Back in his playing days, Eddie would have been nervous about what a coach or teammate would have thought if he complained of pain. But, in part, to voices like his, the sports culture is changing and more athletes are speak-ing up when something is wrong. We should all learn from his and their ex-ample. After he was diagnosed, Eddie felt like his pride took a hit. Like many others who have faced cancer, he was concerned that he was letting people down and he began to question his mor-tality. But as he went through treat-ment and reflected on this ordeal, he started to recognize that it was okay to be scared. He has used this platform to speak out about colon cancer, about the need for screening, and for research for a cure. He knows it is important to em-phasize that there is nothing wrong with people getting colonoscopies at an earlier age. He knows that if he can help just one individual get a checkup sooner, he will feel like his battle was worth it. Eddie has many people to thank for their support; most importantly, his family: his wife, Diana; and four chil-dren, Eddie, Nick, Zandra, and Tom; the entire Blackhawk organization, es-pecially John McDonough and Jay Blunk; his broadcasting partner, Pat Foley. To Eddie and to all fighting cancer, stay strong and know that we are with you. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF REVEREND BILLY GRAHAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of a great American, a messenger for our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, and ar-guably the finest man North Carolina has ever produced: the Reverend Billy Graham. William Franklin Graham, Jr., was born in 1919 in Charlotte, North Caro-lina, where he grew up the son of a farmer. In 1939, he was ordained as a minister; thus, beginning what would be his life’s calling. It was in 1949 that Reverend Graham gained the international prominence he is known for today. It was that year that he hosted his Los Angeles Cru-sade. Originally scheduled to last only 3 weeks, it ended up continuing for over 2 months. Throughout that time, huge crowds came to hear Reverend Graham spread the gospel of Christ. In the years following the Los Ange-les Crusade, Reverend Graham’s stat-ure only grew. He traveled across the United States and around the world to spread the good word and encourage his fellow men and women to find salva-tion with Christ and in Christ. He would fill everything from small churches to massive football stadiums. According to the Billy Graham Evan-gelistic Association, Reverend Graham preached to over 215 million people in over 185 countries and territories around the world during his life. But his influence did not stop there. Throughout his ministry, Reverend Graham became known as America’s Pastor, serving as a moral compass for our Nation. He served as a spiritual ad-viser to countless American and inter-national political leaders and civic leaders, including every American President since Harry Truman. In the 1950s and 1960s, he joined with Martin Luther King, Jr., for integrated crusades, a powerful statement from a White southerner at that time. He de-livered invocations at the inaugura-tions of four American Presidents. In 1983, he was awarded our Nation’s high-est civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, by President Ronald Reagan. Following the horrific attacks on our Nation on September 11, 2001, it was Reverend Graham who comforted our Nation from the pulpit of Washington’s National Cathedral. While best known for his work as America’s Pastor, there is much more to Reverend Graham. Foremost among those was his marriage to his beloved wife, Ruth. Reverend Graham and Ruth met at Illinois’ Wheaton College, but it was Ruth’s hometown of Montreat, a small town in western North Carolina’s Swannanoa Valley, which I am honored to represent in North Carolina, that they chose to call home. It is a small town, a humble town. It was at the Gaither Chapel on the campus of Montreat College where Reverend Graham and Ruth were mar-ried in 1943. From there, the Grahams built a home on Montreat’s Little Piney Ridge. It was at that home that the Graham’s raised their five children: Virginia, Anne, Ruth, Franklin, and Nelson. Certainly, Reverend Graham’s public works were extraordinary, but what he and Ruth built as a family is enduring, indeed. While an international icon for his work spreading the gospel of Christ, Reverend Graham and his family were simply great neighbors to the Amer-ican people of Montreat and the nearby town of Black Mountain. According to a story in the Black Mountain News, Reverend Graham was known to occa-sionally attend services at Swannanoa’s First Baptist Church, play golf at the Black Mountain Golf Course, and grab lunch at the Coach House restaurant in town. One of the finest moments of my ca-reer was having the opportunity to serve as Reverend Graham’s Represent-ative in Washington when his home in Montreat was placed in the 10th Dis-trict. It was then that I had the honor of traveling up Little Piney Ridge to visit Reverend Graham in his home. The personal kindness and hospitality he showed in inviting me into his home is something that I will never forget. I extend my deepest condolences to each of Reverend Graham’s five chil-dren, to all their grandchildren and great-grandchildren who have lost a mentor and a friend. As a nation, we are forever indebted to Reverend Gra-ham for his years of service to our State, our Nation, and to this world. It is only befitting that tomorrow Rev-erend Graham will return here to Washington one final time to lie in honor in the rotunda of this great building. Mr. Speaker, I conclude by noting that Reverend Graham has passed on from this world, but he has moved into the kingdom he preached about for so many years. He has rejoined his be-loved wife, Ruth, and has finally been called home to our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ following a life well lived. 
f 
VOTING ON IMMIGRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, when we left Washington before the Presi-dents Day recess, we watched our col-leagues in the Senate vote on a series of bills to address immigration. Only one bill received 60 votes, but it was 60 votes against the bill offered by Sen-ator G
RASSLEY , the bill that most closely matches the President’s hatred for immigrants. So a supermajority in the Senate op-poses the President’s plan for massive cuts to legal immigration and massive deportations. b1015 Then, yesterday, President Trump’s campaign against immigrants received another blow. The Supreme Court de-clined to take a case from California 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.003 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1271 February 27, 2018 
and declined to lift an injunction re-quiring the Department of Homeland Security to continue to process renew-als for the DACA program, which means that those who signed up for DACA over the past 5 years can renew their DACA now, and the arbitrary deadline the President set for kicking 1,000 people per day out of the program beginning next Monday has, like so much of what Trump does, been stopped for now. Just take a moment to appreciate what happened. The Attorney General and the President, without offering any evidence, told the American people that they had to end the DACA pro-gram because it was illegal and the courts would strike it down, they said. As it turns out, the truth is almost the exact opposite of what the Presi-dent and the Attorney General have told the country. No court has ever found DACA illegal or even legally sus-pect. Their actions to kill the DACA program have been found highly ques-tionable by the courts. But let me be clear, Mr. Speaker, just because the courts have taken no ac-tion and the Senate failed to take ac-tion does not mean that the House and Republicans are off the hook for DACA. The President still plans to kill DACA and make hundreds of thousands of im-migrants, who are currently docu-mented and known to our government, into undocumented immigrants forced underground—vulnerable, exploitable, and deportable. The House has an opportunity—in-deed, a responsibility—to step up to the occasion and craft a permanent so-lution. The good news is that the solu-tion is supported by 8 out of 10 voters in the United States: a pathway to citi-zenship. Can we, as a body, rise to the occa-sion to do something Americans want us to do? Can we set aside questions of who wins and who loses politically long enough to do what is right? We won’t know unless we try. Many on the other side say there should be only one option: leave or be deported, but that is not what we do to American children. And let’s be clear, these are American children. We do not force American children to live in exile for 10, 20, 30 years. We do not educate and acculturate our youth and then force them out of the country. If you are an American patriot, the last thing you want is for the world to see us deporting our own Americans. Just ask your donors, the Koch broth-ers, who know that saving the Dream-ers is what they call something de-manded as patriots. So, Mr. Speaker, the ball is in our court. We need to take action now. If we can draft a compromise to protect Dreamers and allow them to live in their home country, America, if both sides concede something to the other, we may get to a solution. That is what leaders must do. A compromise will likely be painful for all. We need to show the country that we are willing to take the heat and that we are ready to legislate. The President set us on this course. He pulled the legal rug from under-neath the Dreamers and then cloaked his position on immigration in an eth-nocentric, pro-European, pro-White agenda that will hurt America. But the racists—and we must call them out for what they are—the racists who are driving immigration policy in the White House are defining the agen-da for every House Republican and are shaping the brand of the Republican Party not just as the party opposed to illegal immigration, but, now, as the party opposed to legal immigration; not just as the party who doesn’t want poor or Latin American immigrants, but doesn’t want Brown or Black or anyone who isn’t White in this coun-try. If that is how my colleagues on the other side of the aisle define them-selves and want to be remembered, then they should do nothing. But I have a greater faith in this in-stitution and in the ability of this Con-gress to rise above racism and to do something the American people want us to do without regard to race, reli-gion, or national origin. I am a Demo-crat who will work with Republicans if Republicans are serious about reaching a solution, but it must start with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle saying: ‘‘Yes, we want to solve the problem, and we want to rise above the racism emanating from the White House today.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President of the United States. 
f 
ATTACK AT MARJORY STONEMAN DOUGLAS HIGH SCHOOL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, the attack at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School on Valentine’s Day was an incomprehensible act of vi-olence. I visited the school on Friday, an ex-perience that was both moving and so-bering. I walked through the horrifying events that took place there, and I wit-nessed the outpouring of love and sup-port from so many who have deposited flowers, candles, and left beautiful messages in memory of the victims. Upon reflecting on that visit and after meeting with the brave student and teacher survivors Sunday in south Florida and yesterday here in Wash-ington, I believe the best way for elect-ed officials to honor the fallen and their families is by taking meaningful action to prevent these tragedies in the future. That means working to make sure law enforcement agencies have the re-sources to assess threats and intervene before it is too late. It means investing in mental health, reevaluating school security with measures like the bipar-tisan STOP School Violence Act, and securing stronger regulations on guns. Mr. Speaker, the voices and engage-ment of the Marjory Stoneman Doug-las survivors calling for change to our gun safety laws will be decisive. We, as a society, must work together to ad-dress loopholes and vulnerabilities in existing law while still protecting Americans’ Second Amendment rights. From strengthening the NICS system to banning bump stocks and preventing those with links to terrorist organiza-tions from acquiring firearms, to rais-ing the age for the purchase of long guns to 21, with exceptions for those in our military and law enforcement, there are commonsense solutions that will not prevent every tragedy but can certainly prevent some and mitigate others. It won’t be easy, but we must make progress on all these fronts. As as a fa-ther and a husband, I will not accept that, in the greatest country in the world, the loss of innocent life becomes commonplace. I am calling on congressional leaders in both Chambers and in both parties to work together and allow Congress to craft, consider, and debate legislation that protects the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens while making all Americans safer. We have to do better, Mr. Speaker. I look for-ward to working with all my colleagues to honor the 17 innocent lives lost in Parkland. f 
HONORING MY GOOD FRIEND, DEP-UTY CHIEF REPORTER ED JOHN-SON, FOR HIS SERVICE TO THIS INSTITUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. K
IND) for 5 minutes. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and to give thanks to a very good friend of mine, our Deputy Chief Reporter of the House of Representa-tives, Ed Johnson, whose last day for us is this Friday before he returns to our home State of Wisconsin. Ed began his official court reporting career back in Wisconsin in 1980, hook-ing up with a judge. He eventually made his way here to the House of Rep-resentatives in 2007 and, ultimately, became Deputy Chief Reporter in 2015. Ed took his role as our guardian of the public record very seriously: with great integrity, with great profes-sionalism, and with great respect from everyone who had a chance to work with him. And what do these Official Reporters do for us? Like today, this young lady here to my left brings her stenograph machine down to the well of the House or to a committee that they might be assigned, and they record everything that is said. With a single stroke of the key, they are able to record whole words, phrases, sometimes whole sen-tences if they know what is being said, sometimes when Members are speaking over each other. It is an incredibly dif-ficult talent that they have to learn, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.005 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1272 February 27, 2018 
and they all do it so very, very well for us. Now, some of Ed’s highlights during his career here: He was able to report President Obama’s State of the Union Address in 2015 by sitting here at the dais. And listen to this: He served as ‘‘Mr. February’’ in the ‘‘2013 Men of Court Reporting’’ calendar, which is probably appropriate, given Ed’s legendary sense of humor. He has also been known to do some standup comedy. Having spent time with my good friend, Ed, here in Washington, I have a feeling that he is going to miss a lot of the aspects that he has been privy to Capitol Hill, given his appreciation for our history, politics, policy, the per-sonalities of this place, and we will cer-tainly be missing him. So I want to wish him and his wife, Liz, and their two dogs, Bucky and Angus—I mean, what could be more Wisconsin than that—as they return home to our home State of Wisconsin where they will be a little bit closer to their families. I want to thank Ed for his service to this institution, but also to our coun-try and the distinguished career that he had here in Washington. I wish him and Liz all the best as they return home to Wisconsin where Tawni and I look forward to continuing our friendship. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF AUDREY TUCKER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida). The Chair recog-nizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Audrey Tucker of Upper Makefield in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. A committed public servant, Audrey, the CEO of the Family Service Association of Bucks County, passed away at 73 last week. Joining Family Service as a social worker in 1978 and rising to become the organization’s CEO in 1987, Audrey served as the face of Family Service for four decades. Audrey was a visionary leader credited with growing the orga-nization into an entity that offered mental health services, helped the homeless, offered drug and alcohol treatment, and helped local families. Her friends and colleagues of Family Service said it best: ‘‘Family Service has suffered a huge loss. Audrey was the heart and face of Family Service for four decades. But she built a strong team that will continue to carry out her vision of a community where any-one can achieve his or her full poten-tial.’’ Our community will feel Audrey’s loss tremendously, but it is clear to all that we are a better community for having had her in our community, and her important work will continue. 
RECOGNIZING BUCKS COUNTY GIRLSTEM  
CONFERENCE  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Bucks County GirlSTEM Conference. The 2017 conference was attended by over 800 girls in grades 6 through 10 and focused on inspiring young women in our region to pursue careers in science, technology, engineering, and math. The 2018 conference, scheduled for this May, is expected to be even larger. Attendees learn from professional women working in STEM fields, includ-ing agriculture, banking, physics, nurs-ing, marine biology, real estate, engi-neering, app design, and more. And the impact of this program is al-ready clear in our community. As a re-sult of attending GirlSTEM 2017, 95 percent of girls said they felt more mo-tivated to do well in school; 96 percent felt more engaged in their own learn-ing; and 93 percent said GirlSTEM helped them plan ahead, make career choices, and feel optimistic about their future. As our economy continues to evolve, I commend projects like Bucks County GirlSTEM Conference for the impor-tant work they play in educating and exciting the next generation of female leaders. These young women are the fu-ture leaders of our Nation. f 
REPUBLICAN TAX SCAM CUTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, Repub-lican tax scam tax cuts really are only going to benefit giant corporations and the wealthy few, and what working people will ever glean from this is minimal in scope and really is just sort of a pittance in order to allow people who have more wealth than they can possibly even count to just get more. This tax cut, this massive tax cut, would wipe away healthcare coverage for millions of workers, give multi-national corporations and foreign in-vestors a giant payday, and it paves the way for more cruel cuts, cutting programs that will benefit Americans. It is a moral abomination. It is wrong. It is giving more to those who already have too much and taking from those who already are struggling to make ends meet. But, sadly, it is just another example of how Republicans and their billionaire buddies are in it for themselves and not the American people. I would like to talk about another important example, because you have to look at what is going on in our Su-preme Court together with these tax cuts and other programs to understand how much damage Republican leader-ship means to the American people. Yesterday, the Supreme Court heard a case. It was Janus v. AFSCME. Janus, as the case is called, is yet an-other attack on the right to organize your workplace and negotiate for bet-ter wages and benefits and safer work-places. Over the last several decades, big companies and their conservative allies in Congress have attacked the right to collectively bargain. b1030 The attacks on workers have led to stagnating wages for workers and greater income inequality. This case is no different. It is being bankrolled by the usual suspects: the Koch brothers and their billionaire allies. Janus will determine whether public sector unions that represent teachers, firefighters, police officers, and nurses in States and cities across this country can collect fees from all of the employ-ees in the workplaces that they rep-resent. This case is about whether millions of hardworking public sector workers will have the freedom and the re-sources to stand together and fight for a better future for themselves and their families. But it is also about the corrosive power of money in politics. It is about the millions of dollars wealthy donors spent to hold a Supreme Court seat open for over a year; the millions more that were spent to elect Presi-dent Trump so that he could fill that seat with Neil Gorsuch; and the mil-lions of dollars that the Koch brothers and the Bradley Foundation, two orga-nizations devoted to cutting govern-ment services for Americans and weak-ening unions, spent to fund the Janus case. And today, now that the bought-and- paid-for court has heard the case that will deliver a blow—we hope it doesn’t, but likely it will—to the public service workers and the unions that represent them, their investment appears to be paying off. Here is the thing: millionaires and billionaires who fund these antiworker and antiunion attacks are petrified about the labor movement. They are absolutely afraid of it. That is why they have been working to attack it. That is because the labor movement is premised on the simple idea that, when workers come together, they can fight for their fair share of the wealth that they helped to create and because the labor movement is about equality and a fair economy that works for ev-eryone, not just a few. That is why wealthy donors have worked to eliminate and cut union rep-resentation; that is why they engage in union busting; that is why they funded the Janus case; and that is why they continue to keep kicking working peo-ple in the teeth over and over again. This Republican tax scam is only part of the restructuring of American democracy where we take from work-ing Americans, give to the wealthiest, and then try to deprive through the courts people’s right to organize collec-tively on their job. But hardworking Americans are standing up, hardworking Americans are banning together, and hardworking Americans are not going to allow a prosperous life for themselves and their families to be taken away so easily. This Janus case is something that I urge everybody to look into. It rep-resents another attack on the Amer-ican working class, but the American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.006 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1273 February 27, 2018 
working people are standing up strong-er than ever and will come back stronger than ever. 
f 
PORT WIDENING AND DEEPENING The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I applaud President Trump on including $13 million for widening and deepening the project at the Port of Corpus Chris-ti in its fiscal year 2019 budget. Wid-ening and deepening the port is critical not only to the local economy in Cor-pus Christi, but to the entire Nation. While getting the funding in the President’s budget is a huge victory, it is still just an early step in a lengthy process. Congress still needs to approve and appropriate the funds for this project over multiple years. I encourage my colleagues in the House and Senate to support this ap-propriation and grow the Port of Cor-pus Christi and our Nation’s energy sector. Corpus Christi is the Nation’s largest port for energy exports, shipping out crude oil, petroleum products, and LNG. Widening the ship channel will allow for two-way barge traffic, and deepening it to 54 feet will allow for larger ships to enter and exit the port, creating more economic growth and good jobs for American workers. This project has been one of my top priorities since coming to Congress in 2010 and will continue to be a priority as long as I am here. Mr. Speaker, please join me in sup-porting this widening and deepening project. 
CELEBRATING 100TH BIRTHDAY OF JOHN MCCAIN  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I suspect we all know Senator J
OHN M
CCAIN, but we should also know World War II veteran John McCain from Wharton, Texas, who just turned 100 years old. Mr. McCain was born in Texas on February 15, 1918. When he was just 7 years old, he joined the workforce going door to door with his Shetland pony circulating fliers for local busi-nesses. In the years leading up to World War II, he traveled to Los Ange-les to learn to be a diesel mechanic and then promptly enlisted in the Texas National Guard, 36th Tank Company, as a diesel mechanic. On January 16, 1941, he was deployed to Fort Benning. Following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, McCain was deployed to Hawaii. After we defeated the Japanese Navy at the Battle of Midway, McCain’s unit was moved to Fort Chaffee before being deployed to Eu-rope, where he and his unit swept through southern Germany and eventu-ally met the Russian Army in Czecho-slovakia in 1945. After the war, McCain worked for a natural gas pipeline company in Lib-erty, Texas, for 35 years. After retiring, he moved back to his hometown of Wharton. During his retirement, he has traveled by RV to all 48 continental States and nine provinces in Canada. He has also traveled the world, visiting 42 countries. He often says: When you are 100 years old, you just go wherever the wind blows you. Mr. McCain, thank you for your serv-ice to our country and to your commu-nity. I hope you had a great 100th birthday. REMEMBERING JOE FULTON  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to remember the life of a great constituent and family friend, Joe Fulton, who passed away recently at the age of 83. Joe not only lived in Corpus Christi, but he helped shape the city’s skylines. His projects, as a general contractor, include the Art Museum of South Texas; Texas State Aquarium; the Bayfront Omni Hotel; Frost Bank Tower; the Nueces County Courthouse; the Hayden Head Terminal at the Cor-pus Christi International Airport; and Whataburger Field, home of the Corpus Christi Hooks, just to name a few. Ful-ton’s work received national attention, when, in 1993, the Engineering News- Record named his company, Fulton Construction, one of the top contrac-tors in the United States. In addition to his work as a con-tractor, Joe was a member of the Port of Corpus Christi Commission from 1985 to 1998 and fought for the widening and deepening of the port. He served as chairman of the Port of Corpus Christi Commission from 1991 to 1996. He was also a board member of the Cullen/ Frost Bank, trustee and chairman of the Driscoll Foundation, director of the Texas State Historical Association, chairman of the Greater Corpus Christi Business Alliance, and president of the Corpus Christi Tourist Bureau. Joe’s impact on our community will live on for a long time. We will miss you, Joe. 
f 
JANUS V. AFSCME AND THE IMPORTANCE OF UNIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ) for 5 minutes. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I live in Broward County, Florida, where the Marjory Stoneman Douglas mass shooting tragedy took place nearly 2 weeks ago. I am here to talk about our teachers and other public sector employees, but I want to take a moment to make sure that people within the sound of my voice understand what is at stake here. To hear the messages of these valiant students, in the memories of their friends whose lives were lost, their teachers whose lives were lost, and also on their own behalf as survivors. Their message is clear that we need to make sure that we are preventing weapons of war from being in the hands of civil-ians by banning assault-style rifles; by banning high-capacity magazines; and by closing gun show loopholes, and every other loophole, that exist today on background checks so that we can make sure that we take concrete steps to prevent mass shootings from hap-pening in this country, anywhere. If anything else, their message is a diversion tactic, whether it is more in-vestment in mental health or arming teachers. In particular, the idea that we should put more guns into a school environment is ludicrous to them. Their teachers already did everything they could to protect these children, and some of them lost their lives. That is unacceptable and something that we need to come together to prevent. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend my colleague, Congressman MAST, for tak-ing a stand that was extremely dif-ficult on banning assault weapons. I know that is not politically popular for me to do, but he deserves that credit, so I thank him. The Janus v. AFSCME case is a case related to public sector unions. Simply put, teachers and other employees would be dealt a serious blow in terms of their ability to organize, organize on things like the conditions in a school and how we can keep them safe, all the way to wages and benefits. Today, despite being more productive than ever, we have Americans who work longer hours for less money and fewer benefits. While working people continue to struggle, we have cor-porate CEOs, whether they are the CEOs of gun manufacturers or any other corporation, who continue to use their wealth to influence politicians and rig the economic rules to benefit the wealthy and the powerful at the ex-pense of everyone else. A major part of this effort is a dec-ades-long attack on unions. Unions in-crease the bargaining power of workers by allowing them to negotiate collec-tively, together, rather than individ-ually with employers. Imagine how a single or handful of employees would do if they were trying to negotiate with a major corporation for better benefits and wages on their own. When workers bargain collectively, employ-ers have no choice but to work with them to pay them higher wages and offer more generous benefits and better working conditions, like school safety. Big corporations and their overpaid CEOs don’t like paying higher wages and offering generous benefits; so, as a result, they don’t like unions. The lat-est battle in the corporate war on unions happened yesterday at the Su-preme Court where the Justices heard the Janus v. AFSCME case. This goes after public sector unions to continue the assault on all working people. It is a blatantly political and well-funded plot to use the highest court in the land to further turn the economic rules against the middle class. When teachers, nurses, police offi-cers, firefighters, and other public serv-ice workers are free to build strong unions, they win benefits like better 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.008 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1274 February 27, 2018 
working conditions, wages, healthcare, and retirement security and safety that are given not just to union mem-bers, but to everyone in the workplace covered by the contract. I saw this firsthand, Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Graduate Assistants United union when I was in graduate school and I attended the University of Florida. Graduate assistants are the lowest rung on the ladder at colleges and universities, but are a linchpin to the success of educating college stu-dents. Having a union to fight for our wages was a key to being treated fairly by our university. Public sector unions have also played a vital role in providing economic op-portunity for women and people of color. Given that all workers covered by a contract gain the benefits of union negotiations, it has been standard practice that all workers governed by the contract contribute their fair share to the cost of organizing, through union dues paid by union members and fair share fees by workers who choose not to join the union. Fair share fees don’t pay for any political activities, just the collective bargaining activi-ties that directly benefit everyone. We need to make sure that we con-tinue to stand up for workers and for the middle class. I am hopeful that the Supreme Court will not side with the plaintiffs in this case. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WEISS SCHOOL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) for 5 minutes. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize The Weiss School, a K–8th grade school in Florida, whose students designed the WeissSat-1 satellite se-lected by NASA to be launched into space. I have had the opportunity to meet a number of these incredible students. They devote themselves fully to the pursuit of knowledge. Some of them re-marked to me that the worst part about school was that they had to leave at the end of the day and they wished that there were apartments there. I think that speaks to the in-credible high quality of their teachers and the faculty in that institution of learning. The WeissSat-1 was selected for its outstanding design and scientific im-portance, as part of NASA’s CubeSat Launch Initiative, an excellent pro-gram that, unfortunately, has a very uncertain future. The CubeSat Launch Initiative was established in 2008 as a mutually beneficial program to spur innovation in the STEM community and simultaneously advance NASA missions. Since its inception, NASA has se-lected 149 CubeSats, built by 85 organi-zations across 38 States, and they have launched 58 of these CubeSats to date, all of them at a fraction of the cost of developing satellites in-house. NASA’s Office of Education is cur-rently being restructured and the fu-ture of the CubeSat program is in jeop-ardy. b1045 Students and teachers from the Weiss School are in the House gallery today to witness the introduction of a resolu-tion that they themselves helped to write. The WeissSat-I resolution that I will introduce today with bipartisan sup-port from my Florida colleagues will raise awareness of the CubeSat Launch Initiative and encourage continuance of the program as NASA reorganizes their Office of Education. I would like to thank the students of the Weiss School for their dedication, their faculty, their teachers for their work in helping their students to reach the highest and fullest potential that any students could reach. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded that it is not in order to refer to or introduce occu-pants in the gallery. f 
KEEP YOUR WORD, MR. PRESIDENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 1 minute. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today as a liberated Democrat with one request: I ask that the most powerful man in the world, the Presi-dent of the United States of America, keep his word. Keep your word, Mr. President. You have indicated that no one under the age of 21 should be able to buy an as-sault-type weapon. Keep your word, Mr. President. Don’t allow the NRA to veto your word. You are the most powerful man in the world. Keep your word, Mr. President. Stay with those young people who have issued a clarion call to this country to do something about the killing that is taking place on our school campuses. These are children who are dying. Keep your word, Mr. President. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. 
f 
PROVIDING SAFE AND NUTRI-TIOUS FOOD TO THOSE IN NEED The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this morning I had the privilege of addressing more than 1,200 advocates who were in Washington this week for the National Anti-Hunger Policy Conference. As chairman of the House Committee on Agriculture Subcommittee on Nu-trition, I am grateful for the work these groups do to alleviate hunger and ensure that people have access to nu-tritious food. The Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program and other Federal nutri-tion programs are vital to ensuring that all Americans have healthy foods within reach, whether low-income pop-ulations, the elderly, or those living in areas with strained access to nutri-tious food. SNAP, as well as the USDA’s com-modity distribution programs, support agriculture and lessen the effects of poverty on our most vulnerable citi-zens. In advance of the next farm bill, we will continue to identify ways to work alongside State and local organizations to help provide safe and nutritious food for those who need it most. Mr. Speaker, a healthy diet for many Americans may have nothing to do with commitment, but rather accessi-bility. Limited access to supermarkets and grocery stores with fresh, nutri-tious food can be a challenge in both rural and urban communities. These are called ‘‘food deserts.’’ This is a particular concern for SNAP, which intends to provide nutri-tion to millions of Americans. According to the USDA, to qualify as a low-access community, at least 500 people, or at least 33 percent of the population, must reside more than 1 mile from a supermarket or a large grocery store. For rural areas, the dis-tance is more than 10 miles. It is difficult to eat healthy when the easiest store to get to primarily pro-vides packaged and processed food. SNAP recipients may find a local mar-ket convenient, but it offers high-cal-orie foods with minimal nutrition value. These foods can often be a staple for families with limited resources. It is my hope that we can redouble our efforts to increase access to fresh foods for communities throughout the country. No one in America, Mr. Speaker, should go hungry, and everyone de-serves a full shot at living a full, healthy, and productive life. Through strong policy and the advo-cacy of our Nation’s antihunger and antipoverty groups, we truly can work to end hunger once and for all. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 49 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1100 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at 11 a.m. 
f 
PRAYER Chaplain Robert Vick, American Le-gion National Chaplain, New Port Richey, Florida, offered the following prayer: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.010 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1275 February 27, 2018 
Almighty God, our Father, we hum-bly ask Your blessings on our govern-ment and all our representatives gath-ered here today. We humbly ask Your blessing, Your wisdom, and protection for our country and for our flag, the symbol of our freedom and our home. Keep us always aware of the heritage which is ours and the freedom and op-portunities we enjoy as Americans. As we bow before You, may we pledge anew in our hearts and on our lips to preserve this country, its citizens, and our way of life. May we continue our commitment to You and to our fellow man. May we not take that small step from tolerance to tyranny in our delib-erations. May we keep foremost in our thoughts the welfare and the success of our great Nation and work together to solve our differences. May we emulate the great men and women of the past, who, through sacrifice, purchased our freedoms. Aid us to commit ourselves to preserving them. I pray this prayer in the name of God, before whom every knee shall ul-timately bow and every tongue confess that You are Lord and God. Amen. And amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. GIANFORTE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING CHAPLAIN ROBERT VICK The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a constituent, a true American hero. What an honor it is to introduce Chaplain Robert Vick, who currently serves as the American Legion National Chaplain. Chaplain Vick lives in New Port Richey, Florida, with his wife of 62 years. She is present today as well. To-gether they have 4 sons, 10 grand-children, and 16 great-grandchildren. In addition to his commitment to his family, the chaplain has a great love for our country and a passion for serv-ice. A Korean war-era veteran of the U.S. Navy, Chaplain Vick has a distin-guished record of service. He also has been a proud Legionnaire since 1983. I am also proud to say that he is a fam-ily friend. Saying that he feels called to use his ministerial training to serve the spir-itual needs of other veterans and their families, Chaplain Vick was appointed National Chaplain of the 2 million- member American Legion last year. Even as the U.S. Capitol prepares in honoring another humble servant of God tomorrow, the Reverend Billy Gra-ham, I am proud that Chaplain Vick of-fered this morning’s prayer in the U.S. House. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAK-ER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CUTTING TAPE FOR REC-REATIONAL RODEO COMPETI-TORS (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight another example of Federal overreach that threatens our Montana and Western way of life. Un-clear Federal regulations could force millions of Americans who recreationally compete in rodeos or participate in other equestrian events to get a commercial driver’s license. But these are not folks competing for their livelihoods. In a recent story in the Billings Gazette, Andy Bolich, the head coach for the Montana State Uni-versity rodeo team, said: ‘‘For the most part, around Montana, I would say rodeo is a hobby for most people.’’ Yet Federal regulations could force these rodeo participants to wade through unnecessary, costly red tape for their hobby. That is why I recently led a letter which a bipartisan group of 26 colleagues signed, to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. We urged the Department of Transpor-tation to clarify how the CDL regula-tions treat those who participate recreationally in rodeo events. Mr. Speaker, we must continue re-forming, rolling back, and repealing unnecessary regulations to protect our Montana and Western way of life. 
f 
SUPPORTING SNAP (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, today is the Anti-Hunger Day of Ac-tion, and I rise to support the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, which helps feed 40 million Americans. We live in the richest country in the world, yet many Americans struggle to get nutritious food to feed their fami-lies, including 1 out of 5 American chil-dren. President Trump’s budget would worsen the problem by cutting SNAP by $213 billion over 10 years. The Presi-dent’s proposal would also replace fam-ilies’ flexible monthly SNAP benefits with food boxes that contain no fresh produce. It basically puts people on ra-tions. So I ask my Republican colleagues: Did you really come to Congress to take food out of the mouths of hungry people, hungry children? Who are you? Ending hunger in America is not a matter of resources; it is a matter of political will. We must invest in our nutrition programs to make sure that no one’s plate goes empty in America. f 
AMERICAN LEGION STORMS THE HILL (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, the American Legion con-venes in Washington this week for its annual policy conference to meet with Federal lawmakers. The American Legion was chartered and incorporated by Congress in 1919 as a patriotic veterans organization de-voted to mutual helpfulness. It is the Nation’s largest wartime veterans serv-ice organization, committed to men-toring youth and sponsorship of whole-some programs in our communities, ad-vocating patriotism and honor, pro-moting strong national security, and continued devotion to servicemembers and veterans. Hundreds of local American Legion programs and activities strengthen the Nation one community at a time. Whether it is connecting veterans through sporting programs, honoring fallen heroes through Legion Riders or advocating for homeless veterans, the American Legion plays a priceless role in creating a sense of community among veterans of all ages and service periods. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the American Legion. The Legionnaires have a tremendous sense of obligation to their community, their State, and their Nation. They advocate honestly for veterans in Washington, and I look forward to meeting with my local Le-gionnaires later today. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE GATEWAY AT BUFFALO (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we unveiled plans for a new, state-of-the-art land port of entry at the Peace Bridge in Buffalo, New York. Deploying the most advanced detec-tion technology, the Gateway at Buf-falo will improve national security and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.012 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1276 February 27, 2018 
public safety. It will cut wait times for both passenger and commercial vehi-cles in half. It will greatly improve air quality in the neighboring community. It will improve aesthetics with new L.E.D. lighting, landscaping, and pub-lic art. This plan will improve our region’s growing economic relationship with Canada, leveraging $30 billion in com-merce and over $200 billion in economic activity, supporting over 1 million jobs. This plan is long overdue. It is a plan that our community deserves and a gateway that is worthy of the prom-ise and potential of our future in Buf-falo and western New York and our re-lationship economically and otherwise with the great country of Canada. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in the wake of yet another mass shooting in this country to ask the House of Representatives to summon the courage to actually do something to prevent the next terrible tragedy. Last evening we held a moment of si-lence on this floor, and what I fear is that, again, that moment of silence will be followed by days of silence by this House, by weeks of silence by this House, by months of silence by this House on the very question of gun vio-lence in this country. There are things we can do to move past the typical partisan response: the legislation that I and three others crafted, bipartisan legislation, to regu-late these terrible bump stocks that could have prevented the tragedy in Las Vegas from being as bad as it was. Other things we can do that we agree on: closing the background check loop-hole, making sure that if you are too dangerous to fly on an airplane, you can’t buy a weapon. These are the things that Congress ought to take up and that the Amer-ican people have every right to expect us to act upon. Let’s do something. 
f 
REPEAL THE 2001 AUMF (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask Speaker R
YAN for a debate and a vote on our endless wars. It has been 16 years since Congress first passed the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force. At that time, of course, I knew then it was going to be a blank check to encompass conflicts all around the globe, and I couldn’t vote for it. It has been used for operations in Niger, Syria, Libya, Somalia, and many other countries. It has been used to justify the war against ISIS, which did not exist, of course, when this AUMF was first written. Simply put, the 2001 AUMF has be-come a blank check for any President to wage war, anytime, anywhere, any-place, without the consent of Congress. In 2016, the Congressional Research Service documented 37 times it had been used in an unclassified report. Now, in 2018, it has increased to 41 times. The Constitution is clear: Congress, not the White House, is tasked with the solemn responsibility to declare war. We have turned a blind eye to these conflicts. They have spiraled out of control. Today a bipartisan group of Members, the Progressive Caucus and the House Freedom Caucus, will be hosting an ad hoc hearing to demand a debate and vote on these ongoing wars. Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. We need to repeal the 2001 AUMF and, yes, give at least 8 months while the cur-rent one is in place to debate and vote on a new AUMF. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, how many people must die for Congress to act and address the severe epidemic of gun violence in America? We were devastated by the massacres in Newtown; Las Vegas; Orlando; and most recently in Parkland, Florida. On the Hill today are the courageous stu-dents from the Parkland high school, Marjory Stoneman Douglas. They came to Washington with one message: for Congress to take action now on gun vi-olence. Action doesn’t mean holding mo-ments of silence. Action doesn’t mean tweeting thoughts and prayers. Action means passing meaningful legislation, like the overwhelming majority of Americans are pleading with us to do. We should start by banning weapons of war, like the AR–15 and high-capac-ity magazines. We should allow the CDC to once again research the causes of gun violence that can better protect our communities. And we should also act to pass legislation to require uni-versal background checks. Yesterday, Democrats filed a motion to force a vote on universal back-ground checks. Not a single Republican has signed on to the motion. I implore my Republican colleagues to sign up to call for action because inaction means that more people will die and more families will grieve and our students will continue to feel unsafe. 
f 
HONORING BILLY GRAHAM (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege today to rise to honor the life of America’s pastor. Last week we mourned the loss of Reverend Billy Graham, who passed away at the age of 99 in his beloved home of North Caro-lina. As one of the most influential pas-tors of the 20th century, Reverend Gra-ham traveled the world to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ to millions of people. In fact, he preached to more people than anyone who has ever lived. As a young man, I have very fond memories of my family all coming to-gether to sit in front of the television to watch Reverend Graham’s crusades. His message of God’s love, mercy, for-giveness, and justice deeply influenced not only me but also many in our Na-tion’s history. In today’s day and age, we desperately need another Billy Gra-ham to give hope to a deceived, con-fused, and hopeless populace. Reverend Graham preached the truth. He lived it. And we know that the truth will set us free. But more im-portantly, Billy Graham has heard the words from the Savior of the world: Well done, my good and faithful serv-ant. Billy Graham will be sorely missed, but his memory will live on in the hearts and minds of those millions of people he helped. And as Billy Graham would say, all glory be to God. f 
b1115 NATIONAL ANTI-HUNGER WEEK (Ms. D
ELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, this is National Anti-Hunger Week. The United States is the richest nation on Earth. We are a land of abundance. And yet millions of people in our country go to bed hungry every single night. They are called food insecure, but what it is is that they are hungry, and programs like the food stamp program, the SNAP program, have enjoyed bi-partisan support for decades because great leaders, people like George McGovern, Bob Dole, Ted Kennedy, Jack Kennedy, and people like Jake Javits, said that we have a moral obli-gation to combat hunger in the United States. What we need to do is to strengthen the SNAP program, not sabotage it. This administration’s new proposals to implement strict work requirements are a thinly veiled attempt to throw people off of the program. The vast majority of SNAP recipi-ents already work if they can. USDA’s most recent data shows that work rates have been increasing year after year. The food box proposal is an attack on the dignity of the families that have fallen on hard times. Undermining SNAP will not eradicate hunger. It throws many Americans into deep pov-erty and desperation at times when they need support the most. Food insecurity affects veterans, working families, children, workers, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.014 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1277 February 27, 2018 
the unemployed, and seniors. It is about lifting people out of poverty. It is about supporting our economy. It works for households with children. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM TODAY TO THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday, March 1, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 2018, TO MONDAY, MARCH 5, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns on Thursday, March 1, 2018, it adjourn to meet on Monday, March 5, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour de-bate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1865, ALLOW STATES AND VICTIMS TO FIGHT ONLINE SEX TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 748 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 748 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1865) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sexual exploitation of children or sex traf-ficking, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute are waived. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), my friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. During consideration of this res-olution, all time yielded is for the pur-pose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rial on House Resolution 748, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017. The rule provides for 1 hour of de-bate equally divided and controlled by the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. The rule also provides for a motion to recommit. In addition to an amendment offered by the chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee, the rule makes in order amend-ments offered by Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California and Ms. J
ACKSON LEEof Texas. Yesterday, the Rules Committee re-ceived testimony from numerous Mem-bers, including Mr. M
ARINO , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, and the legislation’s sponsor, Mrs. W
AGNER . In addition to consideration at the Rules Committee, the legislation was marked up at the House Judiciary Committee last year. Mr. Speaker, I cannot think of any crime more debased than when one per-son forces a fellow human being into sexual slavery. Through many pieces of legislation that the House considered this year, we have been fighting to rid our commu-nities of sex traffickers and the an-guish they leave in their wake. Today, we have the opportunity to pass an im-portant piece of legislation that will further this fight by ensuring that we hold websites that turn a profit by aid-ing sex traffickers accountable. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the committee for its hard work on this legislation, but also, more, impor-tantly, I would like to thank the legis-lation’s author, Mrs. WAGNER , for her tireless efforts in championing this bill, which extends both compassion and justice to trafficking victims. As a result of her efforts, the legislation we consider today will empower law en-forcement, State attorneys general, and, most importantly, victims to fight against the sex trade and its predators. Mr. Speaker, this legislation would give Federal, State, and local prosecu-tors the tools they need to hold websites and their operators account-able for supporting the sale of sex traf-ficking victims. Specifically, it would create a new Federal statute with in-creased penalties for promoting sex trafficking online and would amend section 230 of the Communications De-cency Act to permit State authorities to prosecute operators of trafficking websites for criminal acts. In consideration of this legislation, we must also reflect on why this legis-lation is necessary. Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act was created to ensure that websites would not be considered the publishers of, and thereby held re-sponsible for, the content that actually originated with a third party. The stat-ute was never intended to shield websites that profit by creating a mar-ketplace for sexual slavery, like Backpage.com, from facing the legal consequences of their criminal enter-prises. Nevertheless, some websites have successfully invoked the section 230 immunity provision despite engaging in actions that venture far outside the scope of those envisioned by the stat-ute. The authors of the Communica-tions Decency Act did not imagine that wicked men and women would turn vulnerable young people into sexual commodities and then say, ‘‘Let’s pro-tect those predators.’’ Mr. Speaker, no law condones such sexual exploitation, and no law should be manipulated to condone such abuse. With the addition of Mrs. W
ALTERS ’ amendment, this legislation strikes the important balance of preserving sec-tion 230 of the Communications De-cency Act for law-abiding websites, while ensuring that bad actors can no longer hide behind a misused statute. This legislation will ensure that our society continues to protect the inno-cent and punish those who seek to prof-it from their sexual enslavement. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.016 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1278 February 27, 2018 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, too often, our laws passed with the best of intentions fail to keep pace with technology, and that is what we are seeing today with the Communications Decency Act. The bill was passed in 1996 as Con-gress’ first attempt to regulate inap-propriate material online. This law prevented hosts and visitors of a website from being treated as a pub-lisher for legal purposes. It is what al-lowed classified websites like eBay to flourish while being legally protected from third-party content posted on their sites. But 20 years is an eternity in the dig-ital age, and bad actor websites have created platforms designed to facilitate illegalities like child prostitution and sex trafficking, and they use provisions in this law to shield them from any li-ability. One of the most notorious examples is online advertiser Backpage.com. Since 2011, more than 20 civil action lawsuits have been brought against this site for willingly facilitating sex trafficking and the prostitution of mi-nors. However, each time a legal action was brought against Backpage, Federal law shielded them from liability. Last year, The Washington Post re-ported that a contractor for this site was soliciting and creating sex-related ads, despite Backpage’s repeated insist-ence that they had no role in the con-tent of their ads. Backpage used long-standing Federal protections under the Communications Decency Act to shield itself from all liability. In the Doe v. Backpage ruling by the first circuit, the judges held that, even if Backpage had facilitated the crime of sex trafficking, this law shielded the company from the claims that were filed by the child victims. The first cir-cuit recently reiterated that when it threw out yet another lawsuit against Backpage. The courts weren’t able to help these victims, instead, encour-aging them to pursue legislative changes, and that brings us here today. H.R. 1865 finally creates a legislative solution to hold these bad actors ac-countable and allow the victims to seek the damages that they deserve. It creates a new offense in the Federal code for websites that facilitate this criminal activity and gives, to prosecu-tors, the tools they need to hold the wrongdoers accountable. The bill is a product of a lot of great work, and I want to thank Congress-woman W
AGNER for introducing it. The Rules Committee, last night, made in order an amendment from Congress-woman W
ALTERS that substantially strengthens the legislation and has Congresswoman W
AGNER ’s full support. Its inclusion attached the text of bipar-tisan Senate language to drastically improve its implementation. This is language that has the support of both the tech industry and the victims advo-cacy groups. Mr. Speaker, it is so nice to see Mem-bers of both parties from both sides of the Capitol come together on this. Through collaboration, we have crafted a bill that does more than just update a 20-year-old law. It fulfills our moral responsibility to protect the children that we represent. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as she may con-sume to the gentlewoman from Mis-souri (Mrs. WAGNER ), the sponsor of this legislation and a tireless advocate for this issue. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I love this opportunity to testify on the rule for H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight On-line Sex Trafficking Act, or FOSTA. This legislation has been born, sadly, out of necessity, but has been truly a labor of love for me since I was first elected to Congress over 5 years ago. The bill is the result of meetings with trafficking survivors across the coun-try who have been victimized by the online sex trade and unable to access either justice or relief in our court sys-tems. Today’s consideration of the bill is an historic achievement, a long-await-ed clarification from this Congress that the businesses that sell our children online can no longer do so with impu-nity. It is a clear statement that there are serious legal consequences for websites that actively profit from the exploitation of our most vulnerable. It is a wake-up call to America’s judicial system, making clear that section 230 of the Communications Decency Act does not provide immunity to websites that are actively engaged in modern- day slavery. b1130 FOSTA is a recommitment to Ameri-cans that Congress never intended to create a system that allows businesses to commit crimes online that they could not commit offline. It is in many ways just a simple statement of the ob-vious: Congress does not believe—and did not ever believe—that rape was a perquisite of a free and open internet. This bill is a promise to our State and local law enforcement and prosecu-tors. Congress is making it clear that we believe in and support their mis-sions to protect our communities. Combined with the Walters amend-ment, which reinstates victim-centered provisions from my original bill last April, this legislation is now a guar-antee of the fundamental rights of the most vulnerable members of our soci-ety. It is a message to the children and victims who have been robbed of their basic dignities that Congress hears them and is responding to the injus-tices that they all have faced. It has not been an easy journey to get to this point, to find middle ground with the tech industry and the victims’ advocates to incorporate the concerns of prosecutors and the law enforcement community to move this bill through committee and to get both FOSTA and the SESTA Walters amendment to the floor today. So I am very grateful for the many, many people who joined my crusade to restore justice to the brave children, women, and men across our country who have been sold online. I am grateful to Chairman GOOD-
LATTE and his team for going the extra mile in helping us include a strong, new crime that will enable prosecutors to better target online trafficking and prostitution. I am grateful for the En-ergy and Commerce Committee and House leadership and their willingness to prioritize this issue. I must give a big thank-you to Ma-jority Leader M
CCARTHY , our Whip S
CALISE , and Speaker R YANfor leading the way in doing the right thing for America’s children. I am grateful for Senators P
ORTMAN  and B
LUMENTHAL and Senators C ORNYN  and M
CCASKILL for carrying SESTA on their shoulders and advocating for a so-lution that allows victims to access the civil remedies that they deserve. I am grateful to each and every one of our 176 bipartisan cosponsors, many of whom personally stopped on the House floor to hear and express their concerns about victims of online sex trafficking. I especially want to mention Congress-woman C
AROLYN MALONEY and Con-gresswoman J
OYCE BEATTY who fought the good fight on the other side of the aisle for what is truly a landmark, for a bipartisan piece of legislation that is going to save lives. I am also so thankful for my dedi-cated staff who have poured their hearts, their minds, and their lives into this fight in more ways than the public will ever know. FOSTA, combined with the Walters amendment, which is SESTA, will pro-vide better civil justice for victims, more prosecutions of bad actor websites, more convictions, and more predators behind bars. Because of this package, fewer businesses will ever dare to enter the sex trade and fewer victims will be sold into modern-day sex slavery. Last, but most importantly, I am in awe of and grateful for the contribu-tions of the survivors in this fight to turn FOSTA and SESTA into law. It is heartbreaking to watch survivors struggle to piece their lives back to-gether alone while our justice system shields the websites that sold them. That is why I introduced this bill, and that is why it must become law. I expect this piece of legislation to sail through the Senate and make its way to the President’s desk so that we can put those bad actor websites be-hind bars, deter others from entering this ecosystem, and make sure that there are rights and justice for our vic-tims. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Chair and our colleagues because, when we vote today for FOSTA and the Walters amendment, our survivors will know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.017 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1279 February 27, 2018 
that they are not alone and justice will indeed no longer be out of reach. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, President Trump tweeted over the weekend: ‘‘Dems are no longer talking DACA.’’ Mr. Speaker, I beg to differ. Demo-crats are still urging our colleagues yet again to act by helping us bring up the Dream Act for a vote on the House floor. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation would help hundreds of thousands of young people who are American in every way except on paper. President Trump set the official deadline for DACA to ex-pire on March 5, so we can’t afford to waste any more time, and Dreamers should not be forced to live in fear any longer. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ), to discuss our proposal. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, end-ing DACA would be a nightmare for Dreamers. In fact, it would be a night-mare for businesses and a nightmare for America’s economy. You would think that that statement may have been said by the advocates for immigration rights or maybe by some of the faith-based groups that support immigration. But it wasn’t. It was said by the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, Mr. Speaker, and that is so be-cause DACA-eligible workers con-tribute $1.4 billion in Federal taxes, $2 billion in Social Security taxes, and $470 million in Medicare every single year. So this statement on its face we would think was made by folks who have traditionally supported immigra-tion rights was made by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the one entity that is really concerned about eco-nomic growth, job creation, and the well-being of our economy. Ranking Member N
YDIA VELA´ZQUEZ ’s report on the impact of DACA on small businesses found that deporting Dreamers will cost $60 billion and re-duce economic growth by $280 billion, including $460 billion in economic out-put over a decade. So this is the dra-matic impact that not resolving DACA and not bringing help to the Dreamers will have on our Nation. Mr. Speaker, when we look into the eyes of these Dreamers, we just can’t say no to them. You can’t say no to a young person full of aspirations, full of dreams, and still full of so much hope for our Nation. Even under these very critical and challenging times for our Nation and the world, these Dreamers are full of aspirations. So the question will be: Are we a na-tion of aspirations or a nation of depor-tation? Nearly 8 in 10 voters support allowing Dreamers to remain permanently in our country. In red States and blue States, in Republican majority dis-tricts and Democratic districts, over 80 percent of Americans feel that these young people should stay in our Na-tion. Even three-quarters of Trump voters and only 14 percent believe that they should be forced out. Only 14 per-cent of our Nation feels that these young people should be kicked out, thrown out in the cold—only 14 per-cent. A very small minority of Ameri-cans believe that that should be what we do. Ninety-one percent of DACA recipi-ents younger than 25 are employed. They are no burden on our economy. Those who are over 25 years old have been employed at a rate of 93 percent. Ninety-three percent of DACA recipi-ents over 25 years old are working resi-dents of our Nation with an average earning of $36,000. Dreamers are students, teachers, healthcare workers, devoted members of our communities, members of our Armed Forces, and first responders. That is who Dreamers are. They are not a load on our country. As we saw in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, it was a Dreamer who made food and vol-unteered to set up beds for thousands of Americans who were displaced. Jesus Contreras, a Dreamer and a paramedic, worked as a first responder for 6 days straight after the hurricane. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote against the previous question so that we can immediately bring the Dream Act to the floor and stand with our Nation’s Dreamers. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, and the rule that brings this bill to the floor. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding me this time. I want to also commend the gentle-woman from Missouri for introducing this very important legislation. According to the Department of Jus-tice, more than half of sex trafficking victims are 17 years old or younger. Ac-cording to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, there was an astounding 846 percent increase from 2010 to 2015 in reports of suspected child sex trafficking. They found this to be ‘‘directly correlated to the in-creased use of the internet to sell chil-dren for sex.’’ This is something I have been con-cerned about for a long time. Before I came to Congress, I was a criminal court judge for 7
1⁄2years trying felony criminal cases. Far too many of those cases involved sexual abuse of minors. I was told my first day as a judge that well over 90 percent of defendants in felony cases came from father-absent households. Certainly family break-down has been a major factor—maybe the major factor—in almost all serious crimes we have had through the years. But certainly another problem is that we have addicted our children to the computers. Now, almost everyone is addicted to computers, iPads, iPods, and screens of all types. While some technology has been good, it has also in some ways been very harmful to many in our society. In an article entitled ‘‘Have Smartphones Destroyed a Genera-tion?,’’ psychologist Jean M. Twenge wrote in the Atlantic magazine: ‘‘If you were going to give advice for a happy adolescence based on this sur-vey, it would be straightforward: Put down the phone, turn off the laptop, and do something—anything—that does not involve a screen.’’ She wrote that too much time on the internet has caused teenagers to be more subject to mental problems of all types, even depression and suicide. While this advice pertains to teens, I think it really applies to everyone. Even most adults today would be healthier, both mentally and phys-ically, if they spent less time staring at screens. Today, technology has made many things easier, but, unfortunately, this includes the crime of child sex traf-ficking. This is very important legisla-tion, very necessary at this time, and I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of my colleague if he has fur-ther speakers? Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, many of my colleagues today, as well as I, discussed the need to protect America’s children. This bill is a great piece of that, and I am very grateful to have it on the floor today. But there is more that we can do. It must include acting to curb the Nation’s gun violence epidemic. Every day in America, 91 people are killed by a gun. Since Sandy Hook, there have been close to 1,000 mass shootings. A mass shooting is one where three or more people have lost their lives. Imagine that, thousands of them. Our Nation is still mourning the loss of 17 lives just last week when a gunman using an AR–15-style rifle opened fire at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Flor-ida. That gun is a weapon of war and should only be in the hands of the mili-tary and never on the streets of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.019 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1280 February 27, 2018 
Assault weapons were the weapon of choice not just in the Florida shooting but also in the mass shootings at the concert in Las Vegas; the movie the-ater in Aurora, Colorado; and the ele-mentary school in Sandy Hook, Con-necticut. They were prohibited under the as-sault weapons ban that Congress let ex-pire in 2004. I was here when we estab-lished that ban, and we saw a great de-crease in gun deaths from that. So they should be prohibited today and not in the hands of people who simply want to kill the most people they can in the shortest time. Why would we allow an insanity like that? So I was pleased to cosponsor legisla-tion this week to re-implement the as-sault weapons ban. b1145 The students of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School are inspiring the entire Nation to push Congress to do our job and to act on gun violence. I will tell you that I understand the pain that everybody feels from all of this, but we can’t maintain it. We go from one to the other, as though noth-ing had ever happened before. But we have to also do what the NRA has forbidden us from doing, which is to have gun research at the Commu-nicable Disease Center. That certainly should be lifted, as well. We certainly should expand and strengthen the background check sys-tem. Keeping people on the terrorist watch list and the no-fly list from being able to purchase firearms and ex-plosives seems to me to be a no- brainer, but we won’t even do that. And, yes, reinstating that weapons ban again, I think, is critically important. Perhaps the voices of those injured and grieving children can break the gun lobby’s stranglehold on Congress. I hope so. The majority should heed their call because we, as Members of Congress, are in a unique position. Un-like the clergy or grief counselors or elected officials, we can actually do something to combat this violence. It certainly is, Mr. Speaker, past time that we do. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Ju-diciary Committee, I am proud to sup-port H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Traf-ficking Act of 2017. This legislation will prevent websites like Backpage from hiding behind sec-tion 230 of the Communications De-cency Act while simultaneously em-powering law enforcement, State attor-neys general, and victims to fight against the sex trade and its predators. I look forward to supporting this rule and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 748 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution. . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4296, OPERATIONAL RISK CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS FOR BANKING ORGANIZATIONS, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4607, COMPREHENSIVE REGULATORY REVIEW ACT Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 747 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 747 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 4296) to place require-ments on operational risk capital require-ments for banking organizations established by an appropriate Federal banking agency. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the bill, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.020 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1281 February 27, 2018 
Rules Committee Print 115-60, modified by the amendment printed in part A of the re-port of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Finan-cial Services; and (2) one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 4607) to amend the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 to ensure that Federal financial regu-lators perform a comprehensive review of regulations to identify outdated or otherwise unnecessary regulatory requirements im-posed on covered persons, and for other pur-poses. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-61, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, shall be con-sidered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Financial Services; and (2) one motion to re-commit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Colorado is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and the under-lying legislation. Just 3 weeks ago, we hosted a small lender in my district office who was being hindered in his efforts to serve home buyers in eastern Colorado. Why? Washington, in its unyielding effort to regulate every decision of Americans, lumped this lender into a broader regu-lation that came out of the housing crisis 10 years ago. This isn’t some the-oretical exercise. These regulations have real impact on Coloradans. The last time I was on the floor de-bating these issues, I discussed the af-fordable housing situation in Colorado. Without completely recounting that debate, I want to reiterate the basic facts. From 2009 to 2016, Colorado had a net increase of 600,000 people. In that same time, housing costs skyrocketed by more than 57 percent. Since 2016, our growth has begun to fall off considerably. When The Denver Post researched why a State with a high quality of life and decades more growth potential had a dramatically slowing growth rate, they found that a substantial part of it had to do with rising housing costs. We must reconsider our Washington- knows-best regulatory approach. We here in Washington can’t possibly know what is the best for a potential home buyer in Trinidad or Las Animas or Fort Morgan or Greeley or Castle Rock, Colorado. I, for one, am tired of the arrogance of Washington telling us in eastern Colorado which banks we can and can’t use to finance our mortgages. It is time that we bring financial accountability to the place that needs it most: Wash-ington. That is what these two financial bills do. They return power to the American people. They reduce unnecessary regu-lations on small community banks and credit unions, thereby freeing up cap-ital that small businesses and employ-ers can access to create new jobs. They make commonsense changes to Federal laws so that regulators have to rou-tinely review their regulations to en-sure that the regulations are not over-ly burdensome. Eastern Coloradans are frustrated with the Washington-knows-best mindset of their government, and I am listening to them. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution, which provides for the consideration of two bills from the House Financial Services Committee— H.R. 4607, the Comprehensive Regu-latory Review Act, and H.R. 4296, legis-lation to undercut operational risk capital requirements—under a com-pletely closed process. These are the 66th and 67th closed rules of this Congress, Mr. Speaker. I am deeply concerned with the Repub-lican leadership’s total lack of consid-eration for regular order. For all intents and purposes, regular order is dead in this Congress. We con-sider one closed rule after another after another after another, and Repub-licans routinely rush bills to the floor without even holding hearings on the underlying legislation to help Members better understand the impacts of these bills and to benefit from expert wit-nesses. What is especially shameful about the process today, Mr. Speaker, is the fact that there were amendments sub-mitted, but Republicans decided to self-execute these nongermane amend-ments with no debate or discussion on the House floor and to shut down the ability of Members to offer additional amendments. This is just bad legis-lating, plain and simple. I hope that if November turns out the way I hope it does and we have a change in leadership in Congress, when Democrats are in charge, we run this place like professionals, like adults, where we respect all points of view, where we go back to regular order, when we say we are going to go back to regular order, we mean it. Why are we doing all of this, Mr. Speaker? What is possibly so urgent that we have to throw regular order out the window? Today, we are considering another two pieces of deregulatory legislation that will benefit big banks at the ex-pense of financial stability to our econ-omy and consumer protections that help everyday families. H.R. 4607 would create a lopsided ap-proach to implementing regulations that force agencies to consider the cost of regulations on bankers without con-sidering the benefit to consumers. H.R. 4296 would undermine the ability of regulators to establish operational risk capital requirements to protect our economy from another crisis. Mr. Speaker, this is unacceptable. Our constituents expect Congress to put them first, not the big banks, espe-cially the big banks that wrecked our economy and endangered the life sav-ings of millions of families. We owe it to them to bring to the floor legisla-tion that will help their lives and make our country better. But, sadly, Mr. Speaker, this Congress has failed to act on meaningful legislation that will do anything like that. Mr. Speaker, today marks nearly 2 weeks since 17 people, including 14 stu-dents, were gunned down at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. This was one of the worst shootings our country has ever seen. It was the eighth school shooting this year, and it is only February. Yet Republicans in Congress have not lifted a finger to take up bipartisan gun reform legislation that would help to prevent shootings like these and protect our kids. Instead, we are here considering a bill that will only help the already rich and powerful. This is shameful. It is absolutely shameful, Mr. Speaker. According to the Gun Violence Ar-chive, a nonprofit that monitors gun violence, since 2014, there have been over 1,360 mass shootings in America. In 2018 alone, less than 2 months, there have been over 400 teens aged 12 through 17 and 90 children under the age of 11 killed or injured by guns. Yet the majority in this House even refuses to bring to the floor legislation banning bump stocks, a reform agreed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.004 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1282 February 27, 2018 
upon by both sides of the aisle, I thought. The NRA has even said that ‘‘devices designed to allow semiauto-matic rifles to function like fully auto-matic rifles should be subject to addi-tional regulations.’’ I don’t know if they meant it, but they said it. President Trump: ‘‘I will be strongly pushing comprehensive background checks with an emphasis on mental health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of bump stocks. Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue—I hope.’’ Now, it is true that we have a Presi-dent who is so erratic that he changes his mind from one hour to the next, but so far, I haven’t seen a retraction tweet. So I have every reason to be-lieve he is still standing by his com-mitment to supporting these modest gun safety reforms. Yet here we are, just days after this horrific mass shooting, and not one single gun reform or gun safety bill is being voted on or even scheduled for a vote. I am furious that, in the face of such tragedy and such senseless vio-lence, this Congress continues to do nothing—not a thing—to protect our kids and our families and our commu-nities. Students from Amherst Regional Middle School in my district in Massa-chusetts sent me a letter last week that every Republican in Congress should read. They write: ‘‘Seventeen innocent people lost their lives. . . . That scares us. It scares us that kids have to go to school wondering if they are next. That we even have to think that the next time we see some of our classmates or teachers may be in their open caskets. And what scares us most of all, is that our government fails to do anything to change this.’’ They continue: ‘‘They are gone be-cause our country doesn’t care enough to have better gun control, and we will not stop fighting until they get their justice. . . . We’re writing this letter because we want to personally ask each and every one of our politicians: How many more killings must we bear be-fore the laws are changed. . . . Our country is no longer safe. Not in school, church, concerts, parties, or even public meeting areas. Please choose to do something. All of our lives depend on your actions.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the letter written by these students. 
DEARCONGRESSMAN MCGOVERN : Seventeen innocent people lost their lives on February 14th, 2018. That scares us. It scares us that kids have to go to school wondering if they are next. That we even have to think that the next time we see some of our classmates or teachers may be in their open caskets. And what scares us most of all, is that our government fails to do anything to change this. Please don’t forget. About the pain and suffering of all the families and the victims. About the children fearing that their school is next. About all of the lives that will never be lived. They are gone because our country doesn’t care enough to have better gun con-trol, and we will not stop fighting until they get their justice. And that’s why we wrote this letter. We’re not writing it to get some extra credit points or fame. We’re writing this letter because we want to personally ask each and every one of our politicians; how many more killings must we bear before the laws are changed and regulations are tight-ened. Before the government cares for our safety. Before the lives that were lost are never forgotten or regarded as yesterday’s news. The time to talk about gun-control is now. It is not next decade or next year or even next week. It is now. Now is the time to strengthen the process involved in con-ducting a complete background check and lengthen the waiting period required in order to receive a firearm. Please stand with us and all of the of the students and children in our nation. Stand with all of the families of the victims. Stand with the tremendously brave people who lived through these terri-fying events. Stand with the heroes who saved countless lives, and ended up losing their own. Our country is no longer safe. Not in school, church, concerts, parties, or even public meeting areas. Please choose to do something. All of our lives depend on your actions and support. Sincerely, STUDENTS AT AMHERST REGIONAL  M
IDDLE SCHOOL . 
b1200 Mr. M
CGOVERN. I cannot say it bet-ter than these students, Mr. Speaker. These are young people writing to Con-gress begging us to do something to end the violence. They are young peo-ple who want a better future. I would just ask my Republican friends: Are you so beholden to the Na-tional Rifle Association that you could possibly turn your backs on our coun-try’s young people? Can you really ig-nore these heartbreaking pleas for ac-tion? You know, a recent poll showed that 80 percent of Americans support bans on assault-style weapons like the one used in the Florida school shooting and 90 percent support tougher background checks. These are commonsense re-forms that have overwhelming support from the American people. This should be a bipartisan issue that we could come together on. But I would say, even if you don’t want to support what I think is com-monsense legislation and commonsense reform, understand that the majority of the people in this country do support this and at least bring these bills to the floor so that we could have a de-bate, and then people can vote however they want to vote. So I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule and these terrible bills that help big banks, put consumers in our country at risk, and do absolutely nothing to address the real priorities that we should be tackling. It is long past time for Congress to finally do something to stop these horrific mass shootings that are taking the lives of our kids and our families. Mr. Speaker, we could just have eas-ily spent this afternoon debating and approving one, or more, of any of the gun safety and gun reform measures that have bipartisan support. We could have shown high school and elemen-tary students, our children, Mr. Speak-er, that we heard them, that we care about them, and that we are starting to take action. Instead, we are debating these worth-less bills to help big banks and con-tinue to ignore our children’s suffering. Shame on this Congress, Mr. Speaker, shame on all of us. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ), a member of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Colorado for yielding me this time to speak on this rule. I have to admit, I was a little con-fused when I walked in, based on what I was hearing on the other side, of what bill we were actually discussing. And let me just say this, Mr. Speaker, be-fore I get into why I am rising today in support of these important bills that have bipartisan support. Being someone who has been on the receiving end of being shot at, we have to focus on how do we make our chil-dren safe. I think everybody in this Chamber is deeply, deeply concerned on that. We have to assume the next shooter is there and he already has a weapon, and the actions that we take must be focused clearly on how do we make these children safe. I don’t think there is any person in this Chamber who would disagree with that, and es-pecially, I know, on our side of the aisle, so we are committed to that. But today, we are here speaking on a rule that is very important for two substantive bills that we are bringing up, and I rise in support of not only my bill, the Comprehensive Regulatory Re-view Act, but also my colleague, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ’s bill, which we are also discussing here. This week, the House is continuing to take up strongly bipartisan bills from the Financial Services Com-mittee. The committee has passed, so far, Mr. Speaker, 91 bills in this Con-gress, and we have taken our remark-able productivity to the floor by pass-ing 36 bills out of this Chamber, and six of them have been signed into law. My bill, which we are beginning to debate here today, is another strongly bipartisan bill which will provide regu-latory relief for financial institutions and increase access to capital and cred-it for businesses and consumers. Mr. Speaker, there is a historical trend for the government to overregu-late after an economic recession. The recovery from the financial crisis of 2008 to 2009 was weak and slow for many reasons, not least of which was overregulation of the financial sector by the Dodd-Frank Act and the pre-vious administration. Some would argue that there is also a trend to underregulate during good economic times like we are living in now. Some say that the regulatory re-lief legislation that we passed out of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.025 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1283 February 27, 2018 
the Financial Services Committee will lead to abuses by big banks and other financial institutions and cause an-other financial crisis. But these bills will not cause the government to underregulate banks and credit unions. They will simply im-plement smart regulation. In other words, these bills do not gut or elimi-nate regulation. They right-size regula-tion and make it more efficient. Back in 1996, Congress did a good thing by passing the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act, or as we call it, EGRPRA. EGRPRA requires the banking regu-latory agencies to go back once every 10 years—that is, once a decade—and review their regulations to identify those that may be outdated, unneces-sary, or overly burdensome, and then they are to send a report to Congress. It also requires the agencies to elimi-nate regulations if they determine they are inappropriate. Make no mistake, EGRPRA was a good idea back in 1996, and it is a very valuable tool, but far too often EGRPRA regulatory reviews have been viewed as merely a check-the-box exer-cise by these agencies and in the finan-cial sector. Many believe the two EGRPRA reports, which were released in 2007 and then a decade later in 2017, were lackluster and could have pro-duced more useful recommendations to policymakers; and under the current EGRPRA law, it will be another decade before we could actually look at those regulations again. EGRPRA could also result in more action from the regulators to clean up outdated and unnecessary rules. That is why it is important for Congress to revisit EGRPRA and to revitalize this law. My bill contains several reforms to the EGRPRA review process that will breathe new life into the law and make sure it is not simply a check-the-box exercise for regulators. This bill will require more frequent regulatory re-views by moving the review cycle from 10 to 7 years. It will expand EGRPRA to include all regulated financial insti-tutions instead of only the insured de-pository institutions. It will expand EGRPRA to include the CFPB, and the bill will also codify the National Credit Union Administration into EGRPRA, since the NCUA participated in the lat-est review voluntarily. The bill will also require the CFPB to use its findings from its Dodd-Frank regulatory reviews and its EGRPRA re-ports so the CFPB does not waste time on rules it has already reviewed. And most importantly, this bill will require the agencies to tailor rules they find to be unnecessary, outdated, or overly burdensome based on the size and risk profile of the bank or credit union— that is, the regulators making the de-termination, not the banks and not the institutions. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I am wrapping up. This bill passed out of the committee with a strong bipartisan vote of more than two-thirds of the committee members, including all Republicans and eight Democrats. I urge my col-leagues to support the rule and the un-derlying bills. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, with all due respect to my colleagues, I mean, let’s be honest, the two bills that we are debating today are ‘‘nothing burgers.’’ I mean, you know, I just figured this out. In the Rules Committee, we have spent 43—43 percent of the bills that have come before the Rules Committee have been financial service-related bills, mostly to undercut Dodd-Frank and to reward big banks and powerful special interests. But, you know, we could debate that, but no matter what you think about some of this legislation, most of it, I think, has been either, you know, de-structive to our economy or it doesn’t add up to very much of anything. But no matter what you think about it— and we could say that banking issues are important—they are not as impor-tant as protecting our kids. I mean, 43 percent of the bills that have come before the Rules Committee have basically been attempts to reward big corporations and big financial in-stitutions in this country. We have spent zero time, zero percent of our time, discussing legislation to ban bump stocks. We have spent zero per-cent of our time in the Rules Com-mittee considering legislation to strengthen and expand universal back-ground checks. We have spent zero per-cent of the time debating a bill to ban assault weapons. We have spent zero percent of our time discussing how we can restrict high-capacity magazines. I can go on and on and on. We spent zero percent of our time on the issue of guns, notwithstanding that we are see-ing massacres occur on a regular basis in this country. There is something wrong here, and, I mean, we have the time; and if this were a priority, we would be talking about some of this commonsense gun legislation today rather than, as I said, these ‘‘nothing burgers’’ that are now before us. Mr. Speaker, less than 2 weeks ago, a gunman walked into a school in Park-land, Florida, and gunned down 17 stu-dents and teachers. Unfortunately, senseless acts of violence like that one are far too common. According to Everytown for Gun Safety, every day, 96 Americans are killed with guns; and every year, there are 13,000 gun homi-cides in the United States. With this most recent tragedy in Parkland, Americans have stood up and said: Enough is enough. We have all been inspired by these eloquent and passionate voices of these young stu-dents from Florida who have had the guts to stand up and speak truth to power. But you know, Mr. Speaker, ac-cording to a Quinnipiac poll from last week, over 90 percent of Americans are in favor of universal background checks for gun purchases; and accord-ing to a CNN poll from yesterday, over 70 percent are in favor of stricter gun control laws generally. The American people are clamoring for action on this issue, and we have yet to do anything about it, not one thing. As I mentioned, all of our time has been spent mostly on legislation to help the well-off and the powerful in this country. We have not spent any time at all talking about this issue of guns, which are killing our kids. But today, my Republican colleagues have an opportunity to put the safety of our children over the power of the gun lobby. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to defeat the previous question, and if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up three commonsense gun safety bills: H.R. 4240, the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act; H.R. 3464, the Background Check Completion Act; and H.R. 2598, the Gun Violence Restraining Order Act. These bills would close the dangerous gun show and internet sale background check loopholes, prevent the sale of guns without a completed background check, and ensure that people who are a danger to themselves or others can be prevented from purchasing or pos-sessing a gun. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I ask my good friend from Massachusetts, in the revision of his remarks, if he wouldn’t just clear up one point. He had mentioned that this Congress has not done anything in re-gard to gun violence prevention, and while true, it is not completely accu-rate. The fact of the matter is, this Con-gress is controlled by the Republican Party. The Republican Party deter-mines what bills go for a hearing, what bills come up for a vote. So the fact is, this is a Republican problem. They are the ones that are stopping common-sense gun violence prevention legisla-tion from coming up for a vote to make the American people more safe. Mr. Speaker, there are many impor-tant bills that this House could be con-sidering, but none more important than legislation that would save lives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.026 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1284 February 27, 2018 
and prevent gun violence. There is no single bill, nor policy, that will end gun violence in America, but we do know that background checks work. Every day, background checks stop more than 170 felons, some 50 domestic abusers, and nearly 20 fugitives from buying a gun. Unfortunately, those folks who were blocked from buying a gun from a li-censed dealer can go around the block, around the corner, or down the street to a gun show or to an online site and get a gun, oftentimes the same gun, without having to go through a back-ground check. There is a reason that 97 percent of Americans want to expand and strengthen our background check sys-tem. Even the President has come out and said that he is in support of this. I can’t think of many things that Ameri-cans agree on 90 percent of the time, but they do so on background checks. We have a bipartisan bill ready to go. H.R. 4240, both Democrats and Repub-licans coauthoring that bill, the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act, would help get more records into the NICS system and would expand background checks to all commercial sales. b1215 We shouldn’t have to wait for an-other mass shooting, and we shouldn’t have to wait for the 44th moment of si-lence. Let’s act now. Oppose the pre-vious question and give us a vote on H.R. 4240. How many more people have to die before Members of this body will mus-ter the courage to bring background check legislation that will help to the floor of this House for a vote? Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Mis-souri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), the chair-man of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the combined rule for H.R. 4296, my bill that addresses difficulties with oper-ational risk capital requirements im-posed on financial institutions, and H.R. 4607, the Comprehensive Regu-latory Review Act. Both of these bills are commonsense reforms to regulation that will improve the efficiency of our financial system. My legislation, H.R. 4296, will replace misguided capital standards imposed by the international standard setters, the Basel Committee. The Basel Committee requires U.S. institutions to hold excessive capital based on a ‘‘look back’’ approach of an organization’s risks, previous earnings, and other provisions that provide no indication of future risks. The method-ology employed by this international body has forced our banks to hold hun-dreds of billions of dollars in reserve rather than putting the money to work in the form of loans and investments. That is money that could be used to fund mortgage loans, car loans, and other day-to-day financing for Amer-ican consumers. I recognize the importance of our Na-tion’s financial institutions to hold capital in the event of a future crisis or distress, and H.R. 4296 maintains those capital requirements. As a former regu-lator, I can tell you that it is impor-tant to have adequate capital to regard against loss. But there is a sweet spot that needs to be attained, and regu-lators can do that if you have proper regulation in place. What this bill does is amend the method by which the reserve capital is calculated by focusing standards based on an organization’s current business activities. This approach offers a better assessment of the amount of capital that should be held to withstand any future crisis. The methods-based approach pro-posed in H.R. 4296 properly calibrates operational capital requirements. It maintains strong and healthy financial institutions, while unshackling billions of dollars for lending purposes. The second bill we are discussing here today provides another oppor-tunity to advance a more practical ap-proach to regulation. H.R. 4607, the Comprehensive Regulatory Review Act, sponsored by Mr. LOUDERMILK from Georgia, offers a holistic approach to U.S. prudential financial regulation. This bill requires all Federal finan-cial agencies, including the CFPB and National Credit Union Association, to participate in the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act’s, or EGRPRA, comprehensive re-view of rules and regulations. The pur-pose of the review is to ensure that reg-ulation is not overly burdensome, du-plicative, or outdated, while maintain-ing standards to promote safety and soundness. Additionally, H.R. 4607 requires the agencies to meet every 7 years for a comprehensive regulatory evaluation, as opposed to the current 10-year cycle in statute. I am hard pressed to think of a less controversial bill than this one. Re-quiring regulators to review the impact of their actions on a more frequent basis is a simple and straightforward way to improve efficiency. H.R. 4296 and H.R. 4607 have garnered bipartisan support, Mr. Speaker, be-cause they are practical solutions that will properly guide supervisors to en-force more effective regulation. The re-sult of these modest bills will be the promotion of a vibrant and open econ-omy that works for the American peo-ple. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this rule and the underlying bills. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, I want to repeat what I said at the outset. The rule we are con-sidering would make in order two Fi-nancial Services bills that I think amount to ‘‘nothing burgers,’’ espe-cially when compared to what we should be doing in terms of protecting our communities and protecting our kids from gun violence. That should take priority over this. We have young people from Florida here, going door to door, talking to Members of Congress and Members of the Senate, begging us to do some-thing. And what are we going to con-sider is the Comprehensive Regulatory Review Act, and then we are going to consider the operational risk capital requirements for banking organiza-tions. I did a couple of townhall meetings over the weekend, and I can tell my colleagues truthfully that nobody in the audience asked a question about the operational risk capital require-ments for banking organizations. Nor did they bring up the need for us to rush ahead and pass the Comprehensive Regulatory Review Act, but they did ask what we are doing to protect their kids and to protect our schools. We are living in a time when parents have to wonder when they send their kids to school in the morning whether they will come back alive. We are liv-ing in a time when going to the movie theater is a risk, when going to a con-cert is a risk, or when going to church is a risk. This is unacceptable, and peo-ple have had it. I would say to my colleagues who are beholden to the National Rifle Associa-tion: I get it. If you don’t want to stand up to them, that is fine, but don’t stand in the way of this House having a debate on these issues and having a vote. Let the American people see where everybody stands, Democrats and Republicans alike. It is unbelievable to me, in the after-math of this tragedy, that we are here talking about the operational risk cap-ital requirements for banking organiza-tions, when we should be talking about strengthening our background checks and expanding our background checks; when we should be talking about ban-ning bump stocks; when we should be talking about dealing with high-capac-ity magazines; and when we should be talking about banning assault weap-ons. People don’t have to vote for those things if they don’t want to, but I think that is what the American people want. You see it in the polling data. I am hearing it when I go home and I talk in townhalls. People are just frustrated that we are doing nothing. We hold moments of si-lence, and that is about it. I think some in the NRA are hoping that this is kind of business as usual. That we will have this terrible tragedy, then, as time goes on, people will focus less and less on it, the media will focus less and less on it, and then we will just kind of move on. I remember, in the aftermath of the Las Vegas shooting, there was talk about banning bump stocks. The Presi-dent said he thought that was a good idea. Even the NRA did. Time went on, the focus went off of what happened in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.028 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1285 February 27, 2018 
Las Vegas, and we did nothing. Maybe that is what some of my colleagues are hoping for, is that time will pass and we will do nothing. But it is such an abrogation of our duty and our respon-sibility, and I just don’t get it. I don’t get it. This is another closed rule that makes a mockery of regular order. But what is even more disturbing to me is that we are prioritizing banking issues over protecting our kids and our fami-lies, and I just find that unconscion-able. I think the anger in this country is just growing more and more and more. I have great hope that these young voices, not just those from Parkland, Florida, but high school students all across this country, who want a future where they don’t have to worry about going to school, their voices are get-ting louder and louder and louder, and they are not going to cave and they are going to demand change. It is their fu-ture, and they want us to give them a future where they feel safer and more protected. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to defeat the previous question so that we can bring up some commonsense gun safety legislation. Again, if you don’t want to vote for it, you can vote ‘‘no,’’ but we have to have the debate. I think that is what is particularly insulting to so many people across this country who are frustrated with this House when it comes to gun safety leg-islation, is that we don’t even have the guts to have a debate. We don’t even bring it up. It is not a priority. I think we have an opportunity now, if we de-feat the previous question, to make it a priority. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question, a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to close debate by reviewing a few basic truths. In the aftermath of the financial meltdown last decade, Washington em-barked on a campaign to reduce the power of Wall Street over Americans. In typical Washington fashion, we, in-stead, got a monstrosity of a new regu-latory infrastructure that has all but snuffed out Main Street lenders. The plan to reduce Wall Street’s influence actually increased it. This House—not the Senate, because the Senate has refused to act—listened to the American people and passed the Financial CHOICE Act. Instead of em-barking on a campaign that hurt American people and propped up Wall Street, we set out with one goal: in-crease the financial freedom of Ameri-cans. And we did that. We passed a bill that would make substantive changes to our financial regulations to the bet-terment of Americans. These bills before us today continue on that path. They recognize that this government should work for all Ameri-cans, not just those who can afford po-litical connections. Eastern Coloradans should know that I serve them and them alone. As long as I have this responsibility to rep-resent them, I will work to reduce Washington’s role in their life. I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for his leadership on the Financial CHOICE Act and these bills. I hope that he will remain engaged in this effort as he commences the next chapter in his life at the end of this Congress. I thank Chairman S
ESSIONS for his leadership in bringing this debate to the floor today. We must never yield in putting Americans first in our public policy. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the rule and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 747 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. That immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4240) to pro-tect Second Amendment rights, ensure that all individuals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System, and provide a responsible and con-sistent background check process. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 4. Immediately after disposition of H.R. 4240 the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3464) to prohibit fire-arms dealers from selling a firearm prior to the completion of a background check. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consid-eration of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 5. Immediately after disposition of H.R. 3464 the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2598) to provide family members of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others new tools to prevent gun violence. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 6. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 4240, H.R. 3464, or H.R. 2598. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.030 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1286 February 27, 2018 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 27, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 27, 2018, at 9:24 a.m.: That the Senate agreed to without an amendment H. Con. Res. 103. That the Senate agreed to without an amendment H. Con. Res. 107. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1307 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas) at 1 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m. 
f 
RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a privileged resolution at the desk, which I have previously noticed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution. The Clerk read as follows: 
Whereas, gun violence affects every com-munity in our Nation; Whereas, 30 people are killed every day by someone using a gun; Whereas, more than 2,200 people have been killed this year by someone using a gun; Whereas, there have been at least 34 mass shootings this year; Whereas, while mass shootings often re-ceive media attention, gun violence is present every day in every community; Whereas, since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School, the House of Represent-atives has held 43 moments of silence to honor the memory of people killed by some-one using guns; Whereas, most gun owners are responsible and law-abiding; Whereas, the Supreme Court, in its Dis-trict of Columbia v. Heller decision, recog-nized the right to keep and to bear arms; Whereas, the Brady Handgun Violence Pre-vention Act was enacted on November 30, 1993; Whereas, background checks have been successful and every day stop more than 170 felons, some 50 domestic abusers, and nearly 20 fugitives from buying a gun; Whereas, over 2,000,000 gun sales were blocked since enactment of the Brady Hand-gun Violence Prevention Act; Whereas, 90 percent of all background checks are done instantly; Whereas, the States that require back-ground checks, 47 percent fewer women are murdered by intimate partners; Whereas, in States that require back-ground checks, there are 47 percent firearm suicides; Whereas, in States that require back-ground checks, 53 percent fewer law enforce-ment officers are killed by someone using a gun; Whereas, 97 percent of Americans polled support background checks for all gun sales; Whereas, in many States, no background check is required to buy a gun online or at a gun show; and Whereas, the President has said, ‘‘Whether we are Republican or Democrats must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!’’ Now, therefore, be it: Resolved That the House of Representatives should immediately consider H.R. 4240, the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2017, and H.R. 3464, the Background Check Completion Act of 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman from California wish to present argument on the parliamen-tary question whether the resolution presents a question of the privileges of the House? Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, yes, I do. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is recognized on the question of order. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, it is our duty as lawmakers and Representatives to pass laws that will make our communities safer. So far, Mr. Speaker, Congress has done nothing in regard to gun violence pre-vention, and that is shameful. Every Member here knows that something must be done about gun vio-lence. We may not all agree on what that is, but everyone, from the Presi-dent of the United States of America to the inspiring young leaders who are leading a movement today out of Flor-ida, agrees we must expand background checks. That is why we need this reso-lution and why we must take up the bi-partisan background bill immediately. You cannot table the 30 people a day who are killed by someone using a gun. Let us have this vote, Mr. Speaker. We have had too many moments of si-lence. We have got a bill that is ready to come to the floor. It is bipartisan, Democrats and Republicans supporting the bill, coauthoring the bill. Ninety-seven percent of the Amer-ican people believe that we should take up and vote for a measure regarding background checks. This is a good bill. It should be brought to the floor. The Republicans should not be silenc-ing the wishes of the American people. The Republican majority should not disallow hearings and votes on this bill. Mr. Speaker, it is past time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The re-marks of the gentleman must be con-fined to the question of order. The Chair is prepared to rule. The gentleman from California seeks to offer a resolution raising a question of the privileges of the House under rule IX. The resolution offered by the gentleman from California provides that the House should vote on two specified measures. One of the fundamental tenets of rule IX, as the Chair recently ruled on De-cember 10, 2015, is that a resolution ex-pressing a sentiment that the House should consider a particular bill does not qualify as a question of the privi-leges of the House. Similarly, on Feb-ruary 6, 2018, the Chair ruled that a res-olution providing that the House should act on a specified item of busi-ness does not constitute a question of the privileges of the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.007 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1287 February 27, 2018 
By calling for a vote on two par-ticular measures, the resolution ex-presses a legislative sentiment in vio-lation of the principles documented in sections 702 and 706 of the House Rules and Manual. Accordingly, the resolu-tion does not constitute a question of the privileges of the House. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? 
MOTION TO TABLE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Burgess moves to table the appeal of the ruling of the Chair. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to table. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 748; Adoption of House Resolution 748, if ordered; Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 747; and Adoption of House Resolution 747, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 184, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 83] YEAS—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—18 
Bergman Black Carter (TX) Cleaver Cramer Cummings Engel Graves (MO) Huizenga Long Payne Pearce Smith (WA) Speier Torres Trott Vela´zquez Walz 
b1337 Messrs. TED LIEU of California, NEAL, PANETTA, RUSH, THOMPSON of Mississippi, M
CEACHIN, and JOHN-SON of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1865, ALLOW STATES AND VICTIMS TO FIGHT ONLINE SEX TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 748) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1865) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of inter-active computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relat-ing to sexual exploitation of children or sex trafficking, and for other pur-poses, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 184, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 84] YEAS—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.035 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1288 February 27, 2018 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—18 
Bergman Black Carter (TX) Cleaver Cramer Cummings Davis (CA) Engel Graves (MO) Huizenga Long Payne Pearce Smith (WA) Speier Torres Trott Walz 
b1345 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 84. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 235, noes 175, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 85] AYES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crist Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—175 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1289 February 27, 2018 
Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—20 
Bergman Black Carter (TX) Chu, Judy Cleaver Cramer Cummings Engel Graves (MO) Huizenga Johnson (LA) Long Payne Pearce Roskam Smith (WA) Speier Torres Trott Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1352 Mr. GOTTHEIMER changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4296, OPERATIONAL RISK CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS FOR BANKING ORGANIZATIONS, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4607, COMPREHENSIVE REGULATORY REVIEW ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 747) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4296) to place requirements on operational risk capital requirements for banking orga-nizations established by an appropriate Federal banking agency, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4607) to amend the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 to ensure that Federal financial regulators perform a comprehensive re-view of regulations to identify out-dated or otherwise unnecessary regu-latory requirements imposed on cov-ered persons, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 227, nays 185, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 86] YEAS—227 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—18 
Allen Bergman Black Carter (TX) Cleaver Cramer Cummings Engel Graves (MO) Huizenga Long Payne Pearce Smith (WA) Speier Torres Trott Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1359 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 86. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 230, noes 177, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 87] AYES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.013 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1290 February 27, 2018 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—177 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—23 
Bergman Black Blumenauer Carter (TX) Cleaver Cramer Cummings Engel Graves (MO) Huizenga Jones Long Payne Pearce Pingree Rice (NY) Shuster Smith (WA) Speier Torres Trott Walz Welch 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1405 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and was thus unable to cast my vote on rollcall votes 83, 84, 85, 86, and 87. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 83, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 84, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 85, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 86, and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 87. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMAN-CIPATION HALL FOR A CERE-MONY TO PRESENT THE CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL COL-LECTIVELY TO THE MEMBERS OF THE OFFICE OF STRATEGIC SERVICES Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 106, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 106 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR CEREMONY TO PRESENT THE CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE OFFICE OF STRATEGIC SERVICES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on March 21, 2018, for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collec-tively to the members of the Office of Stra-tegic Services (OSS), in recognition of their superior service and major contributions during World War II. (b) P
REPARATIONS .—Physical preparations for the ceremony described in subsection (a) shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as may be prescribed by the Ar-chitect of the Capitol. The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ALLOW STATES AND VICTIMS TO FIGHT ONLINE SEX TRAF-FICKING ACT OF 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 1865. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Alabama? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 748 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1865. The Chair appoints the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b1409 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1865) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of inter-active computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relat-ing to sexual exploitation of children or sex trafficking, and for other pur-poses, with Mr. D
ENHAM in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Alabama. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, today, this body will make tremendous progress towards ending online sex exploitation. This is a big deal. I am proud to stand here as an origi-nal cosponsor of the important legisla-tion we are considering today, H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act. I have been so pleased to work close-ly with my colleague, Congresswoman A
NNWAGNER , on this issue, and I know that I am not the only person here who greatly appreciates her leadership on this. It has been sobering, to say the least, to hear some of the personal ac-counts of sex trafficking victims, and several from my home State of Ala-bama. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.018 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1291 February 27, 2018 
It is our responsibility to provide jus-tice for these victims and to do every-thing we can to protect the most vul-nerable members of our society from trafficking. This is modern-day slav-ery. As it stands now, the sad truth is that criminals can easily and anony-mously purchase women and children on the internet using various websites. Thanks to broad interpretation of ex-isting law, specifically section 230 in America’s courts, these websites are, essentially, immune from State and local prosecutions. These websites make millions by enabling sex traf-ficking while facing very little risk of being punished for these crimes. The bill we are considering today would change that by amending this law to ensure that websites that un-lawfully contribute to the exploitation of sex trafficking victims are no longer immune to punishment. H.R. 1865 will finally hold bad actor websites accountable for these un-speakable wrongdoings. The bill also provides increased criminal liability and, thus, deters websites and individ-uals from selling human beings online. Websites will no longer be able to turn a blind eye or actively conceal this horrific practice without facing very real consequences. This legislation has been a work in progress for some time now, and I am excited today to have the opportunity to cast my vote in favor of it here today. I urge my colleagues to join me. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, let me thank the gen-tlewoman from Alabama for managing this legislation. I thank Congress-woman W
AGNER for her leadership and, as someone said, continued determina-tion, joined by my friend and colleague from Ohio, Congresswoman B
EATTY and Congresswoman M
ALONEY . We have all worked together over the years for the victims of human trafficking and sex trafficking. In the last couple of hours, we heard in the Judiciary Committee the stories of the victims of rape, so we know that this is an important time and impor-tant legislation. Throughout this time, you will hear stories of victims who have been victimized and are in need of this legislation. Just to recount my statement in the Rules Committee, yesterday, Monday, a week ago, in Houston, I sat down with victims who had been trafficked or who had been victimized through on-line sex trafficking or other aspects of sex trafficking. It was overwhelming to hear parents speak of a young girl, their daughter, who had been misled and driven away from their home or from her area and had been taken and abused for a long period of time until he had to rescue her himself, spending $50,000, and then $60,000, to be able to rehabilitate herself, which is now an ongoing process. Though, as every fam-ily and every parent, he is grateful that she is alive. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 1865, Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017, an important bill intended to ad-dress the reprehensible crime of online sex trafficking by prosecuting the vio-lators and providing relief to the vio-lated. b1415 First and foremost, H.R. 1865 makes clear that section 230 of the Commu-nications Decency Act, which its inter-pretation was expanded in the first cir-cuit court ruling of Doe v. Backpage, this bill makes it clear that section 230 of the Communications Decency Act was never intended to protect the fa-cilitation of online prostitution or sex trafficking and calls out those websites that have acted recklessly in allowing the sale of victims of sex trafficking online or stood idly by while young boys and girls, many as young as 13 years old or even younger, were co-erced, threatened, tortured, bought, and sold on the whims of their exploit-ers. Secondly, this legislation will pro-vide Federal prosecutors with an addi-tional weapon to use against the im-moral individuals who participate in the forced enslavement we know as sex trafficking. H.R. 1865 creates the new offense of intentional promotion or facilitation of prostitution while using or oper-ating a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce, such as the inter-net. A general violation of this offense will be punishable by a sentence of up-wards of 10 years. Websites have operated with impu-nity, hidden behind section 230, allow-ing traffickers to advertise, promote, sell minors and other vulnerable at- risk members of our society, children, parents’ precious, precious children, who are forced to perform unspeakable acts under the threat of violence, gun violence, starvation, and emotional and physical abuse. Under this legislation, an aggravated violation of the new offense, punishable by imprisonment, occurs if a defend-ant, such as Backpage, promotes or fa-cilitates the prostitution of five or more victims or acts with reckless dis-regard of the fact that the conduct in question contributed to sex trafficking as defined in the Federal criminal code at section 1591, title 18. Not only does H.R. 1865 create crimi-nal liability and mandatory restitution for online sex traffickers and their enablers, this legislation goes even fur-ther. Victims harmed as a result of an aggravated violation of this new of-fense will have the ability—very im-portant—to seek civil damages, while judges will be required to impose res-titution upon defendants convicted of committing either the general or ag-gravated violation. We appreciate law enforcement, U.S. attorneys, yet we know that State law enforcement agencies and prosecutors are vital in the fight as well, and they have called on Congress to act and to fight more effectively. There are State task forces across the country working to protect young girls and boys, and H.R. 1865 allows State legislators to enact laws prohibiting the conduct that reflects the offense created in this bill. Soon we will be discussing the Wal-ters amendment, which is offered be-cause of the victims groups who want a stronger response to helping victims. We thank them for that. The Jackson Lee amendment, which I will offer, leads to be able to help un-derstand what the level of recovery is and the mandatory restitution. It will tell the story. It will provide the GAO study to find out how this legislation is positively impacting, who is receiving the dollars, are they receiving the dol-lars. Today, this account has swelled to $99 billion a year, with a considerable portion of that money being generated through online advertising solicitation, and that is the account of dollars that are being used through sex trafficking. My amendment will determine and help to bring information to us as to the effectiveness of this particular leg-islation, and I think it will be very im-portant. Let me conclude by saying that a let-ter to Congress from the National As-sociation of Attorneys General indi-cated certain Federal courts have broadly interpreted the Communica-tions Decency Act, which has left vic-tims and State and local law enforce-ment agencies and prosecutors, who regularly confront the cruel realities of sex trafficking, feeling powerless against online ad services and websites that facilitate or allow sex trafficking. My heart goes out, and I am grateful that we have moved. As we move for-ward, we will be able to build with more legislation that might include my second amendment that would have allowed victims of sex trafficking to file civil actions in State courts. Mr. Chair, let me express my grati-tude to the victims who have been cou-rageous enough to tell their story. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 1865, the ‘‘Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017,’’ an important bill, in-tended to address the reprehensible crime of online sex trafficking by prosecuting the viola-tors and providing relief to the violated. First and foremost, H.R. 1865: (1) Makes clear that Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act was never in-tended to protect the facilitation of online pros-titution or sex trafficking; and (2) Calls out those websites that have acted recklessly in allowing the sale of victims of sex trafficking online, or stood idly by while young boys and girls—many as young as thirteen years old or even younger—were coerced, threatened, tortured, bought, and sold on the whims of their exploiters. Secondly, this legislation will provide federal prosecutors with an additional weapon to use against the immoral individuals who participate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.047 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1292 February 27, 2018 
in the forced enslavement we know as sex trafficking. H.R. 1865 creates the new offense of inten-tional promotion or facilitation of prostitution while using or operating a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce, such as the Internet. A general violation of this offense will be punishable by a sentence of imprisonment of up to ten years. Websites have operated with impunity and hidden behind Section 230—allowing traf-fickers to advertise, promote, and sell minors and other vulnerable, at risk members of our society, who are forced to perform unspeak-able acts under the threat of violence, starva-tion, and emotional and physical abuse. Under this legislation, an aggravated viola-tion of the new offense, punishable by a max-imum of twenty-five years imprisonment, oc-curs if a defendant, such as Backpage.com: (1) Promotes or facilitates the prostitution of five or more victims; or (2) Acts with reckless disregard of the fact that the conduct in question contributed to sex trafficking, as defined in the federal criminal code at section 1591 of title 18. Not only does H.R. 1865 create criminal li-ability and mandatory restitution for online sex traffickers and their enablers, this legislation goes even further. Victims harmed as a result of an aggravated violation of this new offense will have the abil-ity to seek civil damages, while judges will be required to impose restitution upon defendants convicted of committing either the general or aggravated violation. We appreciate the efforts of federal law en-forcement and assistant U.S. attorneys who endeavor to rid the streets and virtual high-ways of sex trafficking. Yet we know that state law enforcement agencies and prosecutors are vital to this fight as well, and they have called on Congress to help them fight more effectively. There are state task forces across the coun-try working on the frontlines to locate young girls and young boys—children—and return them to the arms of distraught mothers and fa-thers. H.R. 1865 allows state legislatures to enact laws prohibiting conduct that reflects the of-fenses created in this bill and the existing sex trafficking statute that I previously mentioned. Congresswoman W
ALTERS has offered an amendment, which is supported by many vic-tims’ advocacy groups, to further strengthen the legislation before us today. Taking two key provisions from the Senate bill, known as SESTA, the Walters amend-ment makes clear that the Communications Decency Act does not impair or limit federal causes of action filed by victims of sex traf-ficking and creates a right of action for state attorneys general to file federal causes of ac-tion for sex trafficking on behalf of their citi-zens. This leads me to my own amendment, which is intended to measure the effective-ness of the civil recovery and mandatory res-titution provisions of H.R. 1865. In every community across the country, soulless individuals bend, break, and use the minds and bodies of young girls, young boys, men, and women—for a profit—over and over and over again. Despite the reprehensible nature of this crime, sex trafficking is a widespread problem that is now the fastest growing criminal indus-try. Today, it has swelled to $99 billion a year— with a considerable portion of that money being generated through online advertising and solicitation. Sex traffickers have harnessed the wide- reaching expanse of the Internet together with the ability to conduct their so-called business anonymously. They are no longer restricted to dark, un-safe street corners, filthy truck stops, or seedy hotels and strip clubs. Instead, websites have made sex trafficking easy, convenient, and less risky for traffickers and their cowardly customers. Today, visitors to websites can scroll through virtual Yellow Pages of listings, on their cell phones or tablets, according to their location, tastes, and preferences, without leav-ing the privacy and safety of their homes. According to the Polaris Project, U.S. law enforcement has identified online advertise-ments as the primary platform for buying and selling sex with minors. Over the past several years, more than 80 percent of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’s re-ports regarding child sex trafficking relate to the sex trafficking of a child online. When notified of the criminal activity occur-ring on their websites and platforms, many companies, have worked to remove the con-tent and even collaborated with law enforce-ment to find the perpetrators and rescue vic-tims. On the other hand, there are companies that have made every effort to obfuscate the criminal nature of the activity that is allowed to continue unabated, while the companies con-tinue to turn a profit, and traffickers continue to force their captives to perform sex acts, under the threat of violence and actual phys-ical and emotional abuse. Girls and boys, men and women, are bra-zenly advertised and sold for sex on roughly a dozen major websites—the most notorious of these is, of course, Backpage.com. However, local law enforcement officials in Seattle, Washington have identified more than 130 websites where mostly women and chil-dren are bought and sold for sex. Many attempts have been made to hold these websites, including Backpage.com, ac-countable for allowing sex traffickers to oper-ate on their platforms and profiting from their conduct. However, as was pointed out in a letter to Congress from The National Association of At-torneys General: ‘‘certain federal courts have broadly interpreted the Communications De-cency Act,’’ which has left victims and state and local law enforcement agencies and pros-ecutors, who regularly confront the cruel reali-ties of sex trafficking, feeling powerless against online ad services and websites that facilitate or allow sex trafficking. My heart aches for those who are taken ad-vantage of, abused, robbed of their innocence, and then robbed again of the justice they seek. As I said earlier, the legislation before us will allow victims to file civil actions in federal courts under certain conditions and my amendment will determine if the civil actions are delivering relief and restoration. I offered a second amendment that would have allowed victims of sex trafficking to file civil actions in state courts under the same conditions set forth in the underlying bill for federal civil actions. Although I am disappointed that this amend-ment was not accepted, I look forward to building upon the work that has been done to address the needs of victims and survivors of sex trafficking, and introducing additional legis-lation to continue along the pathway towards a comprehensive solution. I am inspired and energized by the count-less survivors who, despite their suffering, are willing to stand against those who have ex-ploited them. These brave individuals want justice and I want them to have it. As a leader in the fight against Human and Sex Trafficking and Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I am painfully fa-miliar with the pervasiveness of sex trafficking in my own state of Texas—which has become a hot bed of human trafficking. Among law enforcement and human traf-ficking authorities, Houston is known as the hub of human trafficking. The highest number of calls to the National Human Trafficking Hotline in Texas comes from Houston, and a study conducted by the University of Texas stated that there are more than 300,000 victims of human trafficking in Texas, including almost 79,000 minors. In the few minutes I have left, I would like to share the story of a young woman named Kathy, who moved to Houston in 1994 with her family. Kathy was raised to be strong and inde-pendent; she was very involved in her church, community, and ROTC. She graduated from high school, with hopes of pursuing a career in journalism. Yet, Kathy became a victim of sex traf-ficking. Like most girls, she wanted to be loved. She met a charming young man who treat-ed her like she had never been treated before. After a fairytale year, her Prince Charming proposed something Kathy felt she could not refuse—a promising job with his company, an administrative position that would triple her in-come and provide financial security for her fu-ture, which seemed like a dream come true. The job was in Dallas and, despite her initial hesitation, she saw the offer as an opportunity to provide for her family. But, shortly after she arrived in Dallas, Kathy found herself in the dark world of sex trafficking and prostitution—a life she never imagined. Graphic images were taken of her and placed on the Internet against her will. She was forced to perform sexual favors multiple times, every day, throughout Dallas and surrounding areas. Escape was not easy. She was cut off from her family. Her boyfriend, turned pimp, limited her phone calls to johns, and did not allow her to have money. But, somehow she found an opportunity to get away and she never looked back. After many years of living in silence, Kathy decided to journal her experience. That journal became a book, which became a stage play. Kathy found her voice and is now an inspi-rational speaker who hopes to use her story to encourage others to join the fight against sex trafficking. Images of Kathy’s horrific past linger on the Internet. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.021 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1293 February 27, 2018 
She says: ‘‘Sites like Backpage have cho-sen to revictimize survivors and keeps us in bondage by refusing to remove images taken against our will.’’ Kathy hopes that one day the voices of sur-vivors will be heard. Well, Kathy—know that I hear you. Congress hears you. We hear the voices of the victims, who re-main in physical and mental bondage. We hear the voices of the survivors, who are struggling to rid themselves of reminders of their torment—survivors like Liliana who was lured away from her home by a man she met on the internet, held captive, repeatedly raped by at least five different men, and suf-fers from PTSD. H.R. 1865, the ‘‘Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017,’’ to-gether with Representative W
ALTERS ’s amend-ment, provides law enforcement, prosecutors, and courts at every level with the tools they need to hold responsible each and every bad actor who participates in, facilitates, contrib-utes to, or profits from this modern-day form of slavery. The proposed legislative combination will help defend and protect communities across the country, guard against the further spread of sex trafficking, and provide survivors with a path to justice of their own. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 min-utes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Alabama for the time and the work on this bill. Mr. Chair, I also want to thank Mrs. W
AGNER from Missouri for sponsoring this bill, along with the help of our friends on the other side. You notice, Mr. Chair, that every-body who is in line, mostly, who are here to speak are women, and I want to congratulate the women in Congress, because they have taken the lead for making sure that we stop this scourge of human sex trafficking. Mr. Chair, I also want to thank the different groups, victims groups, throughout the country who have con-tinued to give us input on what we can do to make laws better. I call those groups the victims posse, because they are here all the time rounding us up, talking to us about what they want and think is necessary to make life better for victims. Mr. Chair, according to most, Alexa was a normal and well-adjusted 15- year-old girl, teenager, but like many young people, she struggled with inse-curity and loneliness. So when a hand-some and sympathetic man reached out to her on social media, she was imme-diately taken in by his kind and com-forting words. Most Americans don’t realize that the evils of human trafficking are all around us. Traffickers lurk on the phones, on computers, and on the internet, constantly searching for vul-nerable victims to lure into their traps. After months of manipulation, Alexa agreed to meet her new online friend. As soon as she got into his car, she re-alized that this person was a different person than she believed him to be. He chained her and forced her to have sex for money, and he committed this evil numerous times. Technology has changed our world in countless positive ways, but it has also given human sex traffickers a direct avenue to our children and their lives. We, as a society, must work harder to capture these criminals and shut down their online schemes. Only then can we protect others from Alexa’s fate. This is our job. This is our duty. We must stop the trafficking network. Not in our town, not in our city, and not in our State. And that is just the way it is. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) for her leadership on this impor-tant issue. Mr. Chair, as the co-chair of the Vic-tims’ Rights Caucus with my colleague Congressman T
EDPOE, I am a proud co-sponsor of this important legislation for victims in America who have suf-fered from these crimes. A free and open internet, we all be-lieve, is essential to economic growth, entrepreneurship, and enterprise in the 21st century, and America leads the way. This new technology age has re-shaped our lives and allowed for great-er access to learning, greater ability to shape our own futures as Americans, and with economic benefits we could not have imagined 15 years ago. Sadly, there are some people who look at these freedoms and the open-ness of the internet and see ways to ex-ploit, abuse, and prey on innocent chil-dren and teenagers in the name of prof-it. It is outrageous, and it is a crime. I am speaking of the scourge of sex traf-ficking, which has impacted the lives of too many young people in the San Joaquin Valley that I represent and throughout America. Today, here in Congress, we look squarely at traffickers, pimps, and vic-timizers and say we must do a better job in protecting our citizens. As a re-sult of this legislation, our laws will no longer be manipulated and used as a cover for their abuse. No longer will these people be able to hide behind the shield that the internet provides you when knowingly contributing to this horrible crime. The Fresno Bee, a local daily news-paper in the San Joaquin Valley, re-cently ran a 6-week-long series about human trafficking in the Valley. The paper reported that nearly every 16- year-old girl in Fresno has been ap-proached at one time or another by sex traffickers. Imagine that: nearly every 16-year-old girl in our county. Police have seen sex trafficking vic-tims from every high school in Fresno County and most of the junior high schools. It is horrible. This is a trag-edy, and it cannot and should not be al-lowed to continue. Today, we say it is time to make im-portant changes. This legislation does that. It will help protect our children and provide them the ability to con-front their abusers. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. ADERHOLT ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from California. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, as I had said, it is time to make these important changes, and this bipartisan legislation does that. It protects our children, pro-viding them the ability to confront their abusers, including those who knowingly promote and advertise these crimes. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman, and I am thankful for the bipartisan leadership in this effort. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I yield 6 min-utes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), my friend and col-league. Mr. Chair, let me just say thank you to her for her tireless work on this ef-fort. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Alabama, my friend, Mrs. R
OBY, for her fearless lead-ership and support on this issue. Today we bring, Mr. Chair, H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, or FOSTA, to the floor, finally. Mr. Chair, I want to thank my part-ners on the other side of the aisle, my dear friends, Congresswoman J
OYCE  B
EATTY and Congresswoman C AROLYN  M
ALONEY , for their tireless support on this effort. The sad truth is that sex trafficking is a crime as old as the Nation itself. Over the past few years, Congress has routinely taken bipartisan action to fight it, yet sex trafficking seems to continue unabated. This is largely be-cause the methods of recruitment and sale of sex trafficking victims have evolved with technology, and U.S. laws have remained stagnant. Today, when the House votes on FOSTA, we will be sending a clear mes-sage: businesses that sell human beings online can no longer do so with impu-nity. Section 230 of the Communica-tions Decency Act explicitly allows en-forcement of Federal criminal law, but courts have mistakenly found that it does not allow robust enforcement of State criminal law. Last summer, 50 State attorneys gen-eral called on Congress to untie their hands to allow them to bring justice to the websites that sell our children and the victims. Empowering our State and local prosecutors is in the best inter-ests of the American people. Federal prosecution is discretionary, and the vast majority of crimes are prosecuted at the State and local level. Most websites engaging in the online sex trade are first identified at the local level and should be quickly ad-dressed before they ever reach the size of Backpage.com. Without proper State and local enforcement, there is no real 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.022 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1294 February 27, 2018 
criminal deterrent against businesses looking to enter the sex trade. Today, we will change that. FOSTA will allow prosecutors across the country to protect their commu-nities without fear of section 230 pre-emption. FOSTA will produce more prosecutions of bad actor websites, more convictions, and put more preda-tors behind bars. It will provide a meaningful criminal deterrent so that fewer businesses will ever enter the sex trade and fewer victims will ever be sold and raped. Clarification of section 230 is des-perately needed. In August 2017, the Sacramento Superior Court dismissed charges brought against Backpage by the California attorney general, say-ing: ‘‘If and until Congress sees fit to amend the immunity law, the broad reach of section 230 of the Communica-tions Decency Act even applies to those alleged to support the exploi-tation of others by human trafficking.’’ Today, Mr. Chair, Congress sees fit to amend the immunity law to hold ac-countable websites that support exploi-tation. FOSTA also creates a new crime targeting websites that are in-tentionally promoting prostitution, and it encourages States to use or adopt similar laws. Unfortunately, sex trafficking ads are written to evade law enforcement. Looking at these ads, you usually can’t tell that force, fraud, and coercion were used against the victim or that the person depicted in the ad is a minor. b1430 Because indications of knowledge of sex trafficking are typically hidden, it is nearly impossible for prosecutors to demonstrate beyond a reasonable doubt that the website operators knew that the ads involved sex trafficking. This is why prosecutors tell me that they would oftentimes prefer to use pros-titution laws instead of sex trafficking laws when charging these websites. Sex trafficking laws are written to target pimps, johns, and businesses, but are not always the best tool against the online sex trade. FOSTA gives prosecutors the freedom to use both State sex trafficking laws and the State prostitution laws, and lets pros-ecutors decide how best to do their jobs. Importantly, prosecutors will be able to seek a higher penalty for websites that promote prostitution and reck-lessly contribute to sex trafficking. On-line sex trafficking is flourishing in America because there are no serious legal consequences for the websites that profit from the exploitation of our most vulnerable. FOSTA, combined with the SESTA Walters amendment that adds back in victim-centered provisions from my original language, will finally create these serious legal consequences. Today we are voting to keep our commitment to trafficking survivors, both by empowering them to hold ac-countable the websites that stole them and by arming prosecutors with the tools they need to ensure that the most vulnerable members of our society are never sold online in the first place. I trust that my colleagues will join me in this vote to fundamentally transform the fight against online sex trafficking in America. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), a Democratic cosponsor of this legislation. I thank her very much for her perseverance and determination. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank Congresswoman J
ACKSON  L
EEnot only for yielding me time, but for all her scholarship and all of her commitment to making a difference against sex trafficking. Mr. Chair, today is a proud day for me. I am proud to stand here on this House floor to urge the support and passage of the Allow States and Vic-tims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, known as FOSTA, as well as the Walters amendment. Human trafficking and sex traf-ficking is happening in all areas: big cities, little cities, rural and suburban areas, Democratic districts, Repub-lican districts. It happens in every con-gressional district in America, regard-less of whether that district is red or blue. Trafficking, Mr. Chair, is a non-partisan issue, and that requires bipar-tisan solutions. And if Congressman P
OEwere still here, I would add, ‘‘And that is just the way it is.’’ I am so honored to be joined today with so many colleagues. I also want to thank Congresswoman R
OBY for her leadership in managing the time. What an honor it is for me to join the leader-ship of Congresswoman A
NNWAGNER , not only the sponsor of this bill, but a friend, a colleague, someone who is my classmate. And early on, she started talking about human trafficking, and we shared our mutual interest; and we have been, so to say, joined at the hip ever since. And I could not thank her enough for all of her leadership. Mr. Chair, it tells you that we must work together. Congresswoman W
AG-
NERhas done that with this legislation and more. So I am very honored to be the lead Democrat. You have heard what the Fighting Online Sex Traf-ficking Act will do, so I won’t go in great details with that again. But I will tell you, it will address a critical problem. Our laws have not kept pace with how technology has been used to ex-ploit the innocent. The internet has changed how humans are trafficked. It has taken something that was once done in the streets and made it easier and more anonymous. Trafficking on-line is a well-documented problem, yet we have seen a few websites turn a blind eye, even as they profit on the buying and the selling of children, women, and men. FOSTA will help solve this in many ways, as you have heard. On this last point, I would like to say FOSTA is targeted in a way that will not only af-fect websites engaged in the online trafficking trade; it will recognize some of the concerns that some of the tech communities initially raised. But I think that the process that FOSTA has gone through in the Judiciary Committee and now with the Walters amendment shows how the legislative process can be used. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio. Mrs. BEATTY. It shows how the leg-islative process can be used to result in a better product. The bill now has the support not only of the trafficking vic-tims’ advocates, but also of law en-forcement and many of the internet and tech companies. So, again, I thank the hard work of Congresswoman WAGNER . I want to say that we won’t solve the problem of human trafficking overnight, but if we get this bill signed into law, we will make it harder for traffickers to ex-ploit the innocent and we will keep countless children, women, and men out of the cycle of abuse. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 min-utes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Chair, the internet was never meant to be a zone of impunity for traffickers and their accomplices, including classified ad websites, that turn a blind eye to or actively facilitate to profit from the sex trafficking of children. Yet we are seeing the internet used as a virtual slave market. Today, because of A
NNWAGNER ’s te-nacity, her courage, her legislative skill and compassion, and this bipar-tisan effort that, again, comes to the floor to make a major change in law, we begin taking back the internet from traffickers by passing H.R. 1865. This legislation will also allow those who have been hurt to sue. It empowers women, especially women, to take their cases into court and to get rem-edies there as well. Today we say no to the status quo that allows our children to be bought, abused, and sold again with impunity online. Today we say no to courts slamming the door on trafficking vic-tims who want to sue website owners complicit in sexual abuse and cruelty. Mr. Chair, the statistics of the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children show that backpage.com is the subject of the majority of the child trafficking tips that are received in the United States. In documents obtained by subpoena that backpage.com origi-nally refused to share—and I see that Mrs. M
ALONEY will be speaking in a moment; she and I worked very hard on that as well—Congress has found that backpage.com was removing telltale words and signs of likely human traf-ficking from advertisements on its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.050 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1295 February 27, 2018 
website but still posting the advertise-ments and making money. They made it harder to detect. Backpage.com actively prevented U.S. law enforcement from detecting children being trafficked. Backpage wasn’t prosecuted. Judges across the country wouldn’t even allow civil suits by trafficking victims who were sold through backpage.com, as was pointed out by A
NNWAGNER just a moment ago, all because of a law that was writ-ten before the internet or human traf-ficking was really understood: Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. Today, Congress will change that law. God willing it passes in the Senate and it will be signed by the President. Today we can protect our children and free speech, too. H.R. 1865, as amended, will allow State prosecutors to prosecute, and it empowers traf-ficked women, victims, to sue the mid-dleman who facilitated and profited from their slavery. The status quo of rampant child on-line sex trafficking is more than unac-ceptable; it is absolutely abhorrent to anyone who believes in human dignity and human rights. This is a tremen-dous bill. Mr. Chair, again, I thank A
NN W
AGNER for her leadership. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M
ALONEY ), who joined with Represent-ative J
OYCE BEATTY from Ohio and the lead sponsor, Congresswoman W
AGNER , to be strong supporters of this legisla-tion. She is an original cosponsor of the bill. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chair, I thank Congress-woman L
EEfor yielding and for her ex-traordinary leadership on this issue and in so many other areas. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong, strong support of H.R. 1865. It is trans-formative legislation. It is important and it will save lives. It is a historic legislative achievement. I thank my colleague A
NNWAGNER for her selfless, dedicated, effective leadership in bring-ing this bill to the floor. I thank my colleagues, J
OYCE BEATTY and S HEILA  J
ACKSON LEE, Congresswomen R OBY and W
ALTERS , really everyone, and the leadership of this body for bringing this bill to the floor. I hope we should all pass it. It is important. This bill clarifies that internet com-panies that actively advertise the sale of trafficking victims, many of whom are children and minors, are not pro-tected by the Communications Decency Act, Section 230. When Congress en-acted it 22 years ago, it never, never in-tended to make the internet into a red- light zone and a protected area to shield sex traffickers and corporations from selling our young people, many of whom are stolen, doped, forced into sex trafficking, and then protect them from the appeals of their parents for some type of justification, some type of recognition of the harm that they have caused. Now, this bill, like every other sex trafficking bill, has been a bipartisan effort between Democrats and Repub-licans. It is landmark. It is important. And we must continue to fight this modern-day form of slavery wherever it exists, and this crime has absolutely exploded online because it is so profit-able. You can sell a gun once. You can sell illegal dope once. But they sell the human body over and over again until they die. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. BURGESS ). The time of the gentlewoman has ex-pired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chair, this is an important issue. I must tell you that we have a choice. This has gone to the courts, and the courts have said Congress must decide whether Congress wants to shield cor-porations, profit-makers, exploiters—I would say—murderers of young chil-dren online, selling them for sex traf-ficking. So if you vote against this bill, you are shielding them. If you vote for it, you are protecting our children. This bill removes obstacles for attor-neys general throughout the country to enact State antitrafficking laws. That is why 50 attorneys general have sup-ported it. Victims and families will be given a pathway to justice through private civil action that they have been denied too long. Over 50 organizations have come out in support of H.R. 1865, and I include in the R
ECORD a list of those organizations. 
Shared Hope International, Arlington, VA; Rights4Girls, Washington, DC; Covenant House International, New York, NY; ECPAT USA, Washington, DC; World Without Ex-ploitation, New York, NY; Mary Mazzio & I AM JANE DOE Community, Boston, MA; Courtney’s House, Washington, DC; Legal Momentum, New York, NY; Equality Now, New York, NY; National Center on Sexual Exploitation (NCOSE), Washington, DC; My Life My Choice, Boston, MA; Truckers Against Trafficking, Englewood, CO; Sanc-tuary For Families, New York, NY; Traf-ficking in America Task Force, Gainesville, FL; CSA San Diego County, El Cajon, CA; Villanova Law School Institute on Commer-cial Sexual Exploitation, Villanova, PA; Na-tional Council of Jewish Women New York, New York, NY; Dawn’s Place, Philadelphia, PA; Child’s World America, Villanova, PA; Freedom From Exploitation, Inc., San Diego, CA. Women’s Justice NOW, New York, NY; Children’s Law Center of California, Sac-ramento, CA; Carole Landis Foundation For Social Action, Haverford, PA; The Voices and Faces Project, Chicago, IL; NH Traffick Free Coalition, Milford, NH; The Samaritan Women, Baltimore, MD; Free to Thrive, San Diego, CA; Enough Is Enough, Great Falls, VA; The Lynch Foundation for Children, Ranchero Santa Fe, CA; Bags of Hope Min-istries, Boston, MA; Hope Ranch For Women, Wichita, KS; Wings of Refuge, Iowa Falls, IA; North Star Initiative, Lititz, PA; Zoe ¨Min- istries, Greenwood, DE; Abolition Ohio, Day-ton, OH; Arrow Child & Family Ministries, Baltimore, MD; Consumer Watchdog, Wash-ington, DC; Airline Ambassadors Inter-national, Arlington, VA; Journey Out, Los Angeles, CA; The Ricky Martin Foundation, San Juan, PR; Praesidium Partners, Rich-mond, VA; Worthwhile Wear, Silverdale, PA; Amirah, Woburn, MA; Saved in America, Oceanside, CA; Awaken, Reno, NV; Ala Kuola, Honolulu, HI; Glory House of Miami, Miami, FL; Generate Hope, San Diego, CA; Refuge for Women Las Vegas, Las Vegas, NV. INDIVIDUAL SIGNATURES  J.S., Child sex trafficking survivor, Chat-tanooga, TN. Tom and Nacole S., Parents of a child sex trafficking survivor, Chattanooga, TN. Kubiiki Pride, Mother of a child sex traf-ficking survivor, Boston, MA. Ambassador Swanee Hunt. Marian Hatcher, Senior Project Manager/ Human Trafficking Coordinator, Cook Coun-ty Sheriff’s Office, Chicago, IL. Penny M. Venetis, Clinical Prof. of Law/Di-rector, International Human Rights Clinic, Rutgers Law School, Newark, NJ. Michelle Madden Dempsey, Professor of Law, Villanova University Charles Widger School of Law, Villanova, PA. Donna M. Hughes, Professor, Eleanor M and Oscar M Carlson Endowed Chair, Univer-sity of Rhode Island, Kingston, RI. Jody Raphael, Senior Research Fellow, DePaul University College of Law, Chicago, IL. Audrey Rogers, Professor of Law, Elisabeth Haub School of Law, New York, NY. Katha Pollitt, Columnist, The Nation, New York, NY. Sarah Robinson, Public Defender, Defender Association of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA. Dayle Ann Hunt, Playwright, The Trauma Brain Project, Chicago, IL. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Some corporations, like Facebook, Sheryl Sandberg, and others have stood up and said: Enough is enough; protect our children. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD  the following statement from Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook. 
Sex trafficking—particularly of young girls and boys—is one of the most heinous acts that takes place anywhere in the world. Those of us in the United States must recog-nize that these deplorable acts of buying and selling children for sex don’t just happen in other countries. They happen here all as well—right under our noses, on our streets, and on the Internet. We all have a responsi-bility to do our part to fight this. That’s why we at Facebook support efforts to pass amended legislation in the House that would allow responsible companies to continue fighting sex trafficking while giving victims the chance to seek justice against companies that knowingly facilitate such abhorrent acts. I care deeply about this issue and I’m so thankful to all the advocates who are fight-ing tirelessly to make sure we put a stop to trafficking while helping victims get the support they need. Facebook is committed to working with them and with legislators in the House and Senate as the process moves forward to make sure we pass meaningful and strong legislation to stop sex traf-ficking. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has again expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chair, today, 22 years after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.053 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1296 February 27, 2018 
Congress passed the CDA, we have the opportunity to declare that the inten-tion of the law was never to protect traffickers and companies that ac-tively sell and enable them to continue this incredible, horrible, life-taking crime of promoting sex trafficking and selling our young people. I urge a strong ‘‘no’’ vote. Let’s make it unanimous. Let’s show the world, the courts, the families, the victims where we stand. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 min-utes to the gentlewoman from Wash-ington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ), our fearless leader, the chairman of our conference. b1445 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me time, for her tremen-dous leadership; the leadership of the gentlewoman from Missouri; and so many more. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017. There is no question that human sex trafficking is one of the most signifi-cant epidemics that we face today. It often takes place in our own back-yards, like in my district in eastern Washington. It targets our children, families, friends, and neighbors. Fortunately, there are so many orga-nizations, and I am grateful for those in eastern Washington who have stepped up—the Coalition to Abolish Human Trafficking—working to stop these horrific and heartbreaking crimes. This bill will help fight online human trafficking through websites like Backpage, that serve as an illicit forum for traffickers. I also rise in support of the amend-ment by my friend M
IMIWALTERS from California, which I believe is crucial to the success of this bill. By strengthening section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, we can restore victims’ access to justice and hold accountable tech companies and online websites that make human traf-ficking easier and knowingly turn a blind eye. We know these websites have the ability to sensor content, and we see it in the political world every day. So why can’t they work harder to sensor and remove posts related to sex traf-ficking and enslavement of other human beings? This isn’t hard. It is common sense to hold websites accountable for the crimes committed on their sites. We all must work together to put an end to human sex trafficking, which is why I urge my colleagues to support the Walters amendment and the under-lying bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ), a mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee, a dis-tinguished Member, who is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Immi-gration and Border Security and knows about violations of human beings. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Chairman, sec-tion 230 of the Communications De-cency Act has been an important ele-ment of the law. It has allowed the internet to flourish. We support that. But we never intended section 230 to protect people who are trafficking in human beings, who are abusing chil-dren, who are prostituting children. Really, modern slavery. It is an out-rage. And when we saw the court cases about Backpage where they basically used the CDA as a shield for action that was absolutely criminal, in my judgment, those guys belong in prison, as far as I am concerned. The good news is that the bill drafted by Rep-resentative WAGNER actually fixes this problem. We just got a letter from the U.S. De-partment of Justice. I just received it. This is what they say: ‘‘Every day, trafficking victims in America appear in online advertisements that are used to sell them for sex. The Department works diligently to hold traffickers ac-countable for their crimes but faces se-rious challenges.’’ It goes on to say that the ‘‘high evi-dentiary standard needed’’ is a prob-lem; but it also says that that bill, as drafted and reported from the Judici-ary Committee, addresses the issues that are preventing prosecution, and it ‘‘would take meaningful steps to end the industry of advertising trafficking victims for commercial sex.’’ I would just like to say thanks to the authors of the bill, as well as the Judi-ciary Committee, on which I serve. We worked together on a bipartisan basis to make adjustments. We had hearings so that we could have this bill that the Department of Justice says will allow them to successfully go after these guys who are trafficking these children and other victims. A word of caution, however, and I will talk about this later when the amendment comes up, on the Walters amendment. The Justice Department says in this letter that they believe ‘‘any revision . . . to define ‘participation in a ven-ture’ is unnecessary,’’ and, in fact, that the ‘‘new language would impact pros-ecutions by effectively creating addi-tional elements.’’ In fact, they say the amendment will make it harder to prosecute. We get told in law school that bad cases make bad law. One of the ways to avoid that is to have the committee process work through it. That did not happen in the case of the amendment that will be offered later. So based on the Justice Department’s admonition, I am grateful to their cele-bration of the underlying bill, and I am mindful of their warning that the amendment could undo all of the good work that we have done on a bipartisan basis. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOOD-
LATTE ), chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight On-line Sex Trafficking Act of 2017, and urge my colleagues to do the same. This legislation will finally make a meaningful difference in combating on-line sex trafficking. For too long, bad actor websites have operated with im-punity in selling young women and girls forced into the commercial sale of sex. They have, beyond any shadow of a doubt, profited off the misery of others. They have convinced courts to mis-apply the Communications Decency Act, a Federal law that was originally intended to encourage websites to po-lice content and rid platforms of illegal content. They have misused the Com-munications Decency Act as a shield to avoid criminal liability in State courts. Given the number of local websites that are deliberately selling women and children for sex, we must now take steps to allow Federal, State, and local prosecutors to hold these websites ac-countable and dismantle these illicit, heinous online markets. H.R. 1865 will ensure vigorous crimi-nal enforcement against bad actor websites by creating a new Federal law to prosecute these sites and explicitly permitting States the ability to en-force comparable laws. While the Federal code does not criminalize the knowing advertisement of sex trafficking, this statute is, un-fortunately, of limited utility. Nearly all websites responsible for rampant sex trafficking advertisements host ads that rarely, if ever, state that the vic-tim being sold is either underage or subject to force, fraud, or coercion. Therefore, this bill takes measures to target websites that are deliberately promoting and facilitating prostitu-tion. Additionally, H.R. 1865 provides for an aggravated violation that applies to websites that promote prostitution in reckless disregard of the fact that sex trafficking is occurring on their plat-form. I want to highlight, Mr. Chairman, an amendment that will be offered to this legislation. Though I applaud my colleague’s dedication to this issue and fully appreciate the suffering of vic-tims, I have concerns about this amendment which states that the pro-visions of the bill apply regardless of whether the conduct alleged occurred or is alleged to have occurred before, on, or after such date of enactment. Had regular order been followed, Mr. Chairman, the Judiciary Committee would certainly have fixed this issue, which I believe could subject this legis-lation to a constitutional challenge under the ex post facto clause, a con-cern shared by the Justice Department. I hope we have an opportunity to fix this problem as we move forward with the bill, and I include in the R
ECORD a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.055 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1297 February 27, 2018 
letter from the Department of Justice highlighting these constitutional con-cerns. 
OFFICE OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS , U.S. D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE , Washington, DC, February 27, 2018. Hon. R
OBERT W. G OODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : This letter presents the views of the Department of Justice (De-partment) on H.R. 1865, the ‘‘Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017.’’ The Department supports H.R. 1865. We applaud House and Senate legisla-tive efforts to address the use of websites to facilitate sex trafficking and to protect and restore victims who were sold for sex online. The Department appreciates this oppor-tunity to provide technical assistance to en-sure that these goals are fully met through narrowly tailored legislation. The Depart-ment also notes that a provision in the bill raises a serious constitutional concern. Every day, trafficking victims in America appear in online advertisements that are used to sell them for sex. The Department works diligently to hold the traffickers ac-countable for their crimes but faces serious challenges. This is due in part to the high evidentiary standard needed to bring federal criminal charges for advertising sex traf-ficking, but also because the Communica-tions Decency Act (CDA), codified at 47 U.S.C. §230, bars our state and local partners from bringing any criminal action that is in-consistent with that section. H.R. 1865 ad-dresses both issues and would take meaning-ful steps to end the industry of advertising trafficking victims for commercial sex. 
TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  Section 3(a) of the bill creates 18 U.S.C. §2421A, a new federal offense that prohibits the use or operation of websites (and other means or facilities of interstate commerce) with the intent to promote or facilitate pros-titution. The bill also provides for an aggra-vated felony if the defendant recklessly dis-regards that the crime contributed to sex trafficking as prohibited by 18 U.S.C. §1591(a). Section 2421A would stand as a strong complement to existing federal laws. However, the Department notes that Sec-tion 2421A as originally drafted is broader than necessary because it would extend to situations where there is a minimal federal interest, such as to instances in which an in-dividual person uses a cell phone to manage local commercial sex transactions involving consenting adults. Therefore, the Depart-ment would support amending the language of Section 2421A so that Congress can clarify its intent to target traffickers using or oper-ating interactive computer services, as fol-lows (with a corresponding change to 2421A(b)): ‘‘Whoever, using a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign com-merce, owns, manages, or operates an inter-active computer service, as defined in Sec-tion 230(f) of Title 47, United States Code, or conspires or attempts to do so, with the in-tent to promote or facilitate prostitution shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 15 years, or both.’’ The Department believes that any revision to 18 U.S.C. §1591 to define ‘‘participation in a venture’’ is unnecessary. Section 1591 al-ready sets an appropriately high burden of proof, particularly in cases involving adver-tising. Under current law, prosecutors must prove that the defendant knowingly bene-fitted from participation in a sex trafficking venture, knew that the advertisement re-lated to commercial sex, and knew that the advertisement involved a minor or the use of force, fraud, or coercion. See Backpage.com, LLC v. Lynch, D.D.C., Civil Action No. 15– 2155, Docket 16 (Oct. 24, 2016). While well in-tentioned, this new language would impact prosecutions by effectively creating addi-tional elements that prosecutors must prove at trial. In the context of the bill, which also permits States to bring actions for conduct equivalent to Section 1591, we are also mind-ful that this language could have unintended consequences as applied by the States. Section 4 of H.R. 1865 also sets forth crit-ical revisions to the CDA to permit state prosecutors to bring criminal actions related to sex trafficking and the use of the internet with the intent to promote or facilitate pros-titution. The Department believes that the existence of this exception to the CDA will alter the landscape of the industry involved in advertising prostitution. CONSTITUTIONAL CONCERN  We note that Section 4 of H.R. 1865 states that the changes to the CDA ‘‘shall apply re-gardless of whether the conduct alleged oc-curred [sic], or is alleged to have occurred, before, on, or after such date of enactment.’’ This raises a serious constitutional concern. Insofar as this bill would ‘‘impose[] a punish-ment for an act which was not punishable at the time it was committed’’ or ‘‘impose[] ad-ditional punishment to that then prescribed’’ it would violate the Constitution’s Ex Post Facto Clause. Cummings v. Missouri, 4 Wall. 277, 325–326 (1867); see Beazell v. Ohio, 269 U.S. 167, 169–170 (1925); U.S. Const. art I, §9, cl. 3. The Department objects to this provision be-cause it is unconstitutional. We would wel-come the opportunity to work with Congress to address this serious constitutional con-cern. Thank you for the opportunity to present our views in support of this legislation. We hope this information is helpful, and we look forward to continuing to work with Congress on this important legislation. Please do not hesitate to contact this office if we may pro-vide additional assistance regarding this or any other matter. The Office of Management and Budget has advised us that from the per-spective of the Administration’s program, there is no objection to submission of this letter. Sincerely, S
TEPHEN E. B OYD, Assistant Attorney General. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Nevertheless, Mr. Chairman, I will support this bill since its strong reforms will allow State and local prosecutors to vigorously enforce the law against some of the worst criminals in society today. This bill will allow law enforcement to effectively dismantle this lucrative, expansive, immoral, reprehensible mar-ket. Our children and vulnerable women are not commodities to be sold. This legislation emphatically affirms that fact. It will truly make a dif-ference. I would like to commend my col-league Mrs. W
AGNER from Missouri and her dedicated staff for their work on this legislation and for their continued dedication to combatting sex traf-ficking and supporting victims. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to support this important leg-islation. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 min-utes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ). Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time to me. Mr. Chairman, this bill is one of sev-eral we passed in the House that aims to combat the horrific and disgusting act of sex trafficking of minors on our borders. Today, I want to share two stories of Ashton Talley and Arissa Farmer, both from my district, the First District of Arkansas, who were taken for the pur-pose of being trafficked, but, thank-fully, were rescued before being lost in this abominable trade. These young women were sought on-line by men preying on thousands of underage minors. Their stories, sadly, mirror one another and those of count-less other minors across America. Both were courted online by older men and believed they were engaging in harmless friendships. In both in-stances, these men traveled to my dis-trict from other States to take Ashton and Arissa to Washington State and Nebraska, respectively, for their hor-rific purposes. It is believed that, for one of the vic-tims, her eventual destination was to be the Super Bowl in Minneapolis, which reportedly draws an increase in trafficking activity for big events like that. In the other case, the victim was one of over 8,000 minors sought online by her predator. Mr. Chairman, these girls are not un-like our own children. They are kids that we all see in our schools, our churches, and our neighborhoods. We must take the necessary steps like H.R. 1865 to protect America’s children from these repugnant individuals. This bill will not be the end-all for stamping out this unfortunate segment of society. We must all recognize this despicable act for what it is and work together to protect our youth by enact-ing responsible policy and becoming educated in the tactics used by preda-tors to groom and lure our children. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I remain com-mitted to fighting the ongoing practice of sex trafficking. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time and offer a closing to this important legislation. Mr. Chairman, as indicated, I had of-fered an amendment that would have allowed victims of sex trafficking to file civil action in State courts under the same conditions set forth in the underlying bill for Federal/civil ac-tions. I believe, however, that we have laid a stupendous foundation for innocent victims and that we will have an oppor-tunity to work with all of our friends who fought so hard for this legislation. So again, I want to take the oppor-tunity to thank Congresswoman WAG-
NER and her cosponsors, and as well Congresswoman M
ALONEY and Con-gresswoman B
EATTY , and the work that we have done in the Judiciary Com-mittee through a period of coming to-gether, I believe, is extremely con-structive. It is so constructive that we have any number of support letters. I include in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.057 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1298 February 27, 2018 
the R ECORD a statement by John F. Clark, President and CEO of the Na-tional Center for Missing & Exploited Children. 
STATEMENT BYJOHNF. C LARK , PRESIDENT & 
AND CEO, N ATIONAL CENTER FOR MISSING  
ANDEXPLOITED CHILDREN  
REGARDING HOUSE ACTION ON LEGISLATION TO  
PROVIDE JUSTICE TO CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING  
VICTIMS —FEBRUARY 23 , 2018 The National Center for Missing & Ex-ploited Children is pleased that the House of Representatives is scheduled to consider Representative Ann Wagner’s Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act (H.R. 1865) next week. We strongly urge all Members to support the crucial amend-ment offered by Representative Mimi Wal-ters, which makes long needed updates to the Communications Decency Act (CDA) to ensure that children trafficked for sex online can have their day in court against online traffickers and to clarify that there is no legal protection for anyone who participates in the sex trafficking of children. We especially thank Senators Rob Portman and Richard Blumenthal for their powerful leadership in authoring the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act (S. 1693), which is the basis for Representative Walters’ amendment, and for their ongoing support of the child survivors, their families, and the coalition of advocacy organizations who serve these survivors. We look forward to continuing to work with Members of Congress to bring this legis-lation to a vote on the House Floor and through the Senate so that it can get to the President’s desk to be signed into law. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter from Enough is Enough. 
For Immediate Release: February 26, 2018 E
NOUGH ISENOUGH CALLS ON THE U.S. H OUSE  
OFREPRESENTATIVES TOPASS CRITICAL  L
EGISLATION TOHOLDWEBSITES ACCOUNT -
ABLE FOR KNOWINGLY FACILITATING SEX T
RAFFICKING  
STATEMENT BY DONNA RICE HUGHES , PRESIDENT  
& CEO , ENOUGH IS ENOUGH  G
REAT FALLS , VA.—H.R. 1865, the Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017 (FOSTA), originally introduced by Representative Ann Wagner, is scheduled for an historic floor vote on Tuesday. The need for legislation to clarify Section 230 of the Communication’s Decency Act (CDA) is necessary given the 1st Circuit ruling in Doe v Backpage which held that even if Backpage had participated in the crime of sex trafficking, Section 230 shielded the company from the claims filed by child victims. ‘‘The urgency to amend Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act is long over-due,’’ said EIE President Donna Rice Hughes. ‘‘Section 230, originally known as the Good Samaritan Defense, was intended to protect children from the online exploitation. Unfor-tunately, it has been anything but a Good Samaritan immunity for responsible Inter-net service and content providers, and in-stead has been misused by third party websites like backpage.com as a Trojan horse to knowingly facilitate sex and traf-ficking with women in children,’’ said Ms. Hughes. ‘‘There must be accountability in the form of state and local criminal and civil liability for such sites which have been re-ferred to by prosecutors as an ‘online broth-el.’ Its time to put the dignity of women and children over corporate profit,’’ said Hughes. For years, EIE has encouraged Congress to amend Section 230 due to a series of dev-astating rulings in multiple court cases over the years which have misinterpreted Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act by granting anything goes immunity to websites whose advertising business model knowingly facilitates sex trafficking and ex-ploitation. ‘‘By passing FOSTA along with the crucial amendment offered by Representative Mimi Walters which mirrors S. 1693 ‘‘Stop Ena-bling Sex Trafficking Act 2017’’ (SESTA), each member of the House has the oppor-tunity to send an ‘enough is enough’ clarion message to sites who exploit and traffic vul-nerable children and women and to the fed-eral courts who have failed to properly inter-pret Congress’s original intent for #230 An overwhelming ‘yes’ vote by the House will say to child victims, ‘we hear you, we see you and we are standing with you by pro-viding the necessary legislative remedy to seek justice,’’ continued Hughes, who ap-plauded the resolution last week set forth unanimously by the Kentucky House of Rep-resentatives, which requested and petitioned the U.S. Congress to amend sections of the Community Decency Act (CDA 230) to ‘‘per-mit the prosecution of interactive computer service providers.’’ In 2016, during his candidacy, Donald Trump signed EIE’s Children’s Internet Safe-ty Presidential Pledge in which he promised to ‘‘aggressively enforce existing federal laws to prevent the sexual exploitation of children online, including the obscenity, child pornography, sexual predation & sex trafficking laws.’’ Ms. Hughes added, ‘‘We strongly urge the House to pass the FOSTA- SESTA compromise package and move it to the Senate, offering hope to and justice for those who have suffered from this uncon-scionable act of human exploitation.’’ SESTA, originally introduced by Senators Portman and Blumenthal currently has 67 bipartisan Senate co-sponsors and is en-dorsed by the Internet Association (IA), as is H.R. 1865. In 2013, Enough Is Enough voiced strong support of the effort of The National Asso-ciation of Attorneys General (49 Attorneys General) calling on Congress to support a simple two word amendment that would en-able state prosecutors to help fight prostitu-tion and child sex trafficking. Unfortu-nately, Congress failed to act, resulting in more years of untold trauma and exploi-tation for trafficking victims and huge prof-its for websites and interactive service pro-viders. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I also include in the R
ECORD a letter from World Without Exploitation with many, many signatures. 
For Immediate Release N
ATIONAL ANTI-TRAFFICKING COALITION  U
RGES CONGRESS TO PASS FOSTA W ITH S
ECTION 230 P ROVISION TO CURBONLINE SEX T
RAFFICKING —ASINTERNET DEMAND EX-
PLODES , W ORLD WITHOUT EXPLOITATION  C
ALLS ON NATIONAL LAWMAKERS TO SUP-
PORT SURVIVORS AND STEM THE TIDE OF  H
UMAN TRAFFICKING BY HOLDING WEBSITES  A
CCOUNTABLE  N
EWYORK, NY—F EBRUARY 26, 2018—World Without Exploitation (WorldWE), the na-tional coalition to end human trafficking and exploitation, today urges members of Congress to pass legislation that would clar-ify Section 230 of the Communications De-cency Act and allow state law enforcement and survivors to seek justice against websites that knowingly engage in facili-tating human trafficking. The bill will help disrupt sex trafficking in the United States, much of which has shifted from the streets to the Internet. The Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017 (FOSTA), H.R. 1865, was introduced by Rep. Ann Wagner (R–MO) and now includes a crucial amendment by Rep. Mimi Walters (R–CA) that seeks to close a legal loophole in Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act that allows websites that host online sex ads to operate with impunity. The Walters amendment echoes language from the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act of 2017 (SESTA), S. 1693 sponsored in the Senate by Rob Portman (R–OH) and Richard Blumenthal (D–CT). ‘‘Every day, thousands of children and adults are being illegally bought and sold on-line, and the websites that facilitate these transactions have been able to hide behind legislation that was never designed to shel-ter this kind of activity,’’ said Lauren Hersh, national director of WorldWE. ‘‘WorldWE and our members are incredibly grateful to Reps. Wagner and Walters and Sens. Portman and Blumenthal, among many oth-ers, for listening to the voices of survivors and driving meaningful change with so much bipartisan support. The urgency we are see-ing to stop human trafficking at the highest levels of our government is truly inspiring.’’ With the growth of the Internet, human trafficking that once happened mainly on street corners has largely shifted online. Ac-cording to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, 73 percent of the 10,000 child sex trafficking reports it receives from the public each year involve ads on the website Backpage.com. The anonymity and ease with which victims can be bought and. sold on the Internet has created a multibil-lion-dollar industry, and a tremendous surge in exploitation across the United States. ‘‘The illegal sex trade is no less odious sim-ply because it is operating on the Web,’’ said Anne K. Ream, founding co-chair of WorldWE. ‘‘Wherever it happens, whenever it happens, human trafficking is an industry in which profits are built on human pain. We need public policies that are responsive to the current face of trafficking, which is why passage of FOSTA with the Walters amend-ment is so critical.’’ ‘‘We urge the House to pass FOSTA with the Walters amendment and send the bill to the Senate for adoption,’’ said Nikki Bell, founder and director of Living in Freedom Together (LIFT), a survivor-led organiza-tion. ‘‘We are hoping after today, we will be one step closer to bringing justice to sur-vivors and disrupting the profitable model of online trafficking in our country.’’ To learn more about WorldWE, hear sur-vivor stories, donate, and join our movement to create a world without exploitation, please visit http:// www.worldwithoutexploitation.org./ ABOUT WORLD WITHOUT EXPLOITATION  World Without Exploitation (WorldWE) is a national coalition of more than 100 organi-zations and individuals committed to human rights, civil rights, and gender justice. WordWE’s mission is to create a world where no person is bought, sold or exploited. The coalition aims to create a culture where those who have been trafficked or sexually exploited are treated as victims of a crime, not criminals themselves, while those who purchase, sell or exploit another human being are punished. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. What was it like before this legislation? Simply, J.S., who is documented in the film ‘‘Jane Doe,’’ will tell you. A bright young lady, 15 years old, ran on the track team here in this area and, for her own enthusiasm, went to Seattle, Wash-ington. When she went to Seattle, Wash-ington, it would have been nice if a kind soul had found her, but that was not the case. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.058 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1299 February 27, 2018 
Within 15 days, she met a man twice her age, who seduced her with gifts and convinced her to stay with him. Once she trusted the 32-year-old, he quickly turned on her and raped her, and he would post explicit pictures of her in an ad on Backpage.com, and she was forced to continue to have sex for money. b1500 One would think that there was re-lief. But when her family sought to file in court, she lost. She lost. Only through the work of Congress has her case been able to move forward on an appeal. So the work that we have done is vital to saving lives and to restoring lives. I am inspired and energized by the countless survivors, many of whom I have seen today and many of whom I have joined with last Monday in my district. As a leader in the fight against human and sex trafficking and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I am painfully fa-miliar with the pervasiveness of sex trafficking in my own State of Texas, which has become a hotbed of human trafficking in the city of Houston. Among law enforcement and human trafficking authorities, Houston is known as a hub of human trafficking, not because of the lack of concern and energy in my law enforcement and so-cial service community. It is just an epicenter because of the ability for people to come because of the warm weather, for children who have aged out of foster care, and for others who are victims of human trafficking. The highest number of calls to the National Human Trafficking Hotline in Texas comes from Houston, and a study conducted by the University of Texas stated that there are more than 300,000 victims of human trafficking in Texas, including almost 79,000 minors. The story of Kathy, right here in Houston, in the few minutes I have left, I would like to share the story of a young woman named Kathy who moved to Houston in 1994 with her fam-ily. Kathy was raised to be strong and independent. She was very involved in a church community and ROTC. So in the few minutes I have remaining, I will share the story of Kathy. She graduated from high school with hopes of pursuing a career in jour-nalism, but she became a victim of sex trafficking. Like most girls, she want-ed to be loved. She met a charming young man who treated her like she had never been treated before. After a fairytale year, her Prince Charming proposed something Kathy felt she could not refuse: a promising job with his company, an administra-tive position that would triple her in-come and provide financial security for her future. It seemed like a dream come true. The job was in Dallas. Despite her initial hesitation, she saw the offer as an opportunity to provide for her fam-ily. But shortly after she arrived in Dallas, Kathy found herself in the dark world of sex trafficking and prostitu-tion, a life she never knew she would be involved in. Graphic images were taken of her and placed on the internet against her will. She was forced to perform sexual favors multiple times every day throughout Dallas’ surrounding areas. Escape was not easy. She was cut off from her family. Her boyfriend-turned- pimp limited her phone calls to johns and did not allow her to have money. Somehow she found an opportunity to get away, and she never looked back. After many years of living in silence, Kathy decided to journal her experi-ence. The journal became a book, which became a stage play. Kathy found her voice and is now an inspira-tional speaker who hopes to use her story to encourage others to join the fight. Images of Kathy’s horrific past linger on. She said: 
Sites like Backpage have chosen to revic-timize survivors and keep us in bondage by refusing to remove images taken against our will. 
Kathy hopes that one day the voices of survivors will be heard. Well, we hear Kathy today. Congress hears her. We hear the voices of the victims re-maining in physical and mental bond-age. So, in conclusion, let me say, as we hear the voices of the survivors, we re-alize the importance of our First Amendment and the ability of free ex-pression. But we know that the tor-ment that these victims are going through, the PTSD that they are suf-fering, really is a statement of impor-tance for H.R. 1865 that allows States and victims to fight online sex traf-ficking and to work with all of those who have worked so hard on this bill, from our Judiciary Committee to the Senate Judiciary Committee to the sponsors, and to go forward building on this legislation with more legislation, more victims being able to work with us, and, finally, Mr. Chairman, to be able to stomp out and extinguish human trafficking, sex trafficking, and online trafficking. This is a powerful nation. There is no reason why we cannot do this. I look forward to that effort. With that, I ask for a vote of ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. I want to say that Mrs. M
ALONEY , who sounded as if she said vote ‘‘no,’’ really meant to say she wants a re-sounding ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation as well. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I again want to thank my colleague, A
NNWAGNER , for all of her hard work on this very, very im-portant piece of legislation. It is our responsibility here in Con-gress to provide the strongest, most ef-fective tools possible to confront, pun-ish, and, ultimately, prevent the hor-rific nightmare that is human sex traf-ficking. For far too long, we have seen a stark rise in the use of the internet to buy and sell trafficking victims and minors for sex. This sick industry has been allowed to prosper because, due to broad inter-pretation of existing law, there have been no serious legal consequences for websites that turn a profit by selling human beings. Today it is incumbent upon us to stop this horrifying injus-tice by passing H.R. 1865 to finally give prosecutors the tools they need to crack down on sites that promote and participate in the human sex trade. Mr. Chairman, I call on all my col-leagues to support this legislation today and to send a clear message that we will no longer tolerate this evil, atrocious behavior, and we will no longer be complicit in letting these bad actors get away with these hateful crimes against humanity. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, I include in the RECORD these excerpts from a series of arti-cles entitled ‘‘Slaves of the Sex Trade’’ by Rory Appleton from the Fresno Bee: ‘‘Don’t kid yourself. Sex slaves are all around us—and you may know some of them’’ (November 2, 2017), ‘‘She was a hospital worker. He sold her for sex before, during and after her shifts’’ (November 2, 2017), ‘‘Police: ’Every 16-year- old girl in Fresno’ has been targeted by sex trade recruiters’’ (November 9, 2017), ‘‘Once sold for sex, she now helps lead the fight against human trafficking’’ (November 15, 2017), ‘‘How do you rescue women forced to walk the streets at night? It’s not easy’’ (No-vember 16, 2017), ‘‘To break the cycle of chil-dren sold for sex, the legal system is trying something new’’ (November 28, 2017), ‘‘All of us must help beat the scourge of human traf-ficking. Here’s what you can do’’ (December 7, 2017). The full series can be found at http:// www.fresnobee.com/news/special-reports/ human-trafficking/. These seven articles demonstrate the im-pact of sex trafficking on our communities. I commend the Fresno Bee on their important reporting. 
[From the Fresno Bee, Nov. 2, 2017] D
ON’TKIDYOURSELF . SEXSLAVES AREALL A
ROUND US—AND YOUMAYKNOW SOME OF  T
HEM (By Rory Appleton) Rebecca Rodriguez-Brown still remembers the room where he imprisoned her—the charming man she met and fell in love with while still a teenager. She mapped it out with her hands as she sat in a central Fresno office nearly 20 years later. ‘‘They would have a little microwave there, and they would have a little ice chest right there by the sink,’’ she said. ‘‘I still re-member the color of the ice chest.’’ Rodriguez-Brown isn’t sure whether the room was in an apartment or hotel. But she does remember that for seven months she was kept in this room under guard and forced to perform whatever sex act the strangers entering the room asked for. The room was punishment for refusing to do the same at her trafficker’s home. Her captors brought her all of her meals. If she defied them, she’d be beaten—sometimes with her hands bound. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.061 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1300 February 27, 2018 
The Bee normally does not identify the victims of sexual assault, however Rodri-guez-Brown agreed to be named. Her story is not uncommon in Fresno, or anywhere in the world. It is one of cyclical abuse, habitual arrest and unspeakable trau-ma. Women and children are bought and sold every day in Fresno—online, in street cor-ners, while at school. They are raped, brand-ed and beaten. They are taught that they are the problem, not the people who force them into this life—causing psychological scars that may never heal. It is what many refer to as ‘‘modern-day slavery.’’ Full article is available at: http:// www.fresnobee.com/news/special-reports/ human-trafficking/article182090031.html 
[From the Fresno Bee, Nov. 2, 2017] S
HEWAS A HOSPITAL WORKER . HESOLDHER 
FORSEXBEFORE , DURING AND AFTER HER S
HIFTS  (By Rory Appleton) At her lowest point, the days seemed to stretch on forever. Eight hours a day as a hospital administrator, five hours—some-times more—as a prostitute. He would wake her up at 4 a.m. to walk the streets. She hated it—not that the house calls were much better. But when she begged to stop, he would convince her the fault was hers. Eventually, she would apologize and allow him to drop her off before the sun was up. ‘‘He wanted at least $300 before I went to work at the hospital,’’ she said. So she would work the streets for three hours before starting an eight-hour day scheduling appointments in the nephrology unit of a San Diego hospital—a job she had enjoyed before she met him. He eventually forced her to have sex with men during her lunch break, in addition to before and after work. On the weekends, he took her to neighboring cities—a common tactic to avoid law enforcement or reach a new clien-tele. ‘‘If it were up to him, I would have never slept,’’ she said. The mood-altering drug Xanax helped with the anxiety stemming from the intense guilt she felt. She was ashamed to talk to her friends and family—not that she could have if she wanted to. He had her phone now, and he made sure she never heard about her mother’s attempts to contact her. This woman, now 34, is one of thousands who are sex-trafficked in California each year and one of hundreds of victims now liv-ing in the central San Joaquin Valley. Full article available at: http:// www.fresnobee.com/news/special-reports/ human-trafficking/article182089821.html 
[From the Fresno Bee, Nov. 9, 2017] P
OLICE : ‘EVERY 16-Y EAR-OLDGIRL IN FRESNO ’ H
ASBEEN TARGETED BY SEXTRADE RE-
CRUITERS  (By Rory Appleton) It was about 2 p.m. on a Tuesday when the 15-year-old girl left her central Fresno hotel room. She climbed into a car driven by a stranger, who would take her to another stranger with whom she had agreed to have sex for money. If it had been a few minutes later, the girl could have easily blended in with children walking home from school. She was not dressed provocatively; she wore a red Fresno State sweatshirt and jeans. She was not wearing excessive makeup. She carried a backpack. Who knows how many times she had fol-lowed this pattern—strange men and strange cars. Online advertisements showed her in various states of undress. That’s how the vice unit of the Fresno Po-lice Department found her. Today, these strangers were both undercover officers. To-night, she will be safe. ‘‘She said she hasn’t eaten in five days,’’ Sgt. Curt Chastain said. ‘‘No real family—an unreported runaway. She’s in the sex trade to survive.’’ ‘‘She wants help,’’ he continued. ‘‘She wants to be in school, but mom won’t sign her up.’’ One of Chastain’s undercover detectives confirmed this is not a rare occurrence. ‘‘I’ve had (sex trafficking) victims from every high school in Fresno County—and most junior high schools,’’ the detective said. The Fresno Bee is not identifying him due to the sensitivity of his work. These traffickers, he added, use a variety of tactics to lure children and young women into ‘‘the life.’’ Full article available at: http:// www.fresnobee.com/news/special-reports/ human-trafficking/article183592286.html [From the Fresno Bee, Nov. 15, 2017] O
NCESOLD FOR SEX, SHENOWHELPS LEAD 
THEFIGHT AGAINST HUMAN TRAFFICKING  (By Rory Appleton) Arien Pauls doesn’t look like someone who’s been through hell. She flashes an easy smile as she speaks. Her voice is soft, but her words are delib-erate and flow with eloquence. She has a dis-tinct rockabilly style, with one arm bearing a tattoo modeled from Disney’s ‘‘The Little Mermaid’’ and a hair clip featuring two large pink roses. Looking at her, it’s hard to imagine that a man she loved forced her into slavery. For four years, Pauls was sold for sex on streets and in hotel rooms across the western half of the United States. She was barred from con-tacting her friends or family. She was ar-rested multiple times and treated like a criminal—a stigma that even now, five years later, is difficult to shake. Her worst moments seem unimaginable. Pauls’ trafficker—a man she believed to be her boyfriend—refused to take her to a hos-pital when one of the men he sold her to raped her. When she became pregnant with her trafficker’s baby, he forced her into an illegal, late-term abortion. When her reeling body began to produce breast milk after the abortion, her trafficker saw it as a money-maker: Those with certain fetishes would pay extra now, he told her. It took a daring late-night escape—her trafficker’s SUV roaring behind her getaway car on a Las Vegas street—to get out of that life. But once she returned to Fresno, her ar-rest record kept her from working in her chosen career, and she has struggled with the mental scars inflicted during her past life. Full article available at: http:// www.fresnobee.com/news/special-reports/ human-trafficking/article184943988.html 
[From the Fresno Bee, Nov. 16, 2017] H
OWDOYOURESCUE WOMEN FORCED TO WALK 
THESTREETS AT NIGHT? IT’SNOTEASY (By Rory Appleton) For decades, the women rescued from the hotel rooms and apartments in Fresno where they had been raped, beaten and forced to have sex with strangers for money had few alternatives. The first—and it was seldom optional—was jail. They could also go to rehab, provided they had a drug problem. But more often than not, they returned to the sex trade. That is no longer the case. In 2012, human trafficking became a crime in California, carrying with it new language for dealing with the crime and harsher pen-alties for traffickers. Local law enforcement found success against traffickers by treating girls and women in the sex trade as victims, not complicit criminals. Over the past few years, a growing network of advocates has added new avenues of help for the hundreds of women who are traf-ficked. These groups have provided victims with shelter, counseling and the tools to re-build their lives. Many who work with human trafficking victims consider the practice to be modern- day slavery. If that’s true, this advocacy co-alition is the underground railroad. Full article available at: http:// www.fresnobee.com/news/special-reports/ human-trafficking/article184943793.html [From the Fresno Bee, Nov. 28, 2017] T
OBREAK THE CYCLE OF CHILDREN SOLD FOR  S
EX, THELEGAL SYSTEM IS TRYING SOME-
THING NEW (By Rory Appleton) Defense attorney Kristin Maxwell remem-bers when a client came to her Fresno office shortly after being discharged from a hos-pital. The teenage girl had been beaten, raped and dumped in a neighboring county. Police found her unconscious, lying naked in an alley. ‘‘There are some parts of the body that bruise easily, and some that don’t,’’ said Maxwell, who’s worked in the Fresno County Public Defender’s office for 11 years. ‘‘Look-ing at her, you knew she had been through it. She had been beaten really badly.’’ This case stands out for its brutality, Max-well said. But it was the sheer number of human trafficking cases crossing her desk when she took control of the Public Defend-er’s juvenile office in 2015 that shocked her into action. The legal community has partnered with advocacy groups, law enforcement and the Fresno County Probation Department to im-prove the criminal justice system in an ef-fort to get children out of the sex trade per-manently. Their work will soon bear fruit: On Jan. 19, Fresno County’s juvenile court will establish a courtroom dedicated solely to human trafficking cases. This new court—patterned after similar courts in Sacramento, Los Angeles and other California counties—will allow a judge with specialized training to work with the various partner agencies to ensure children caught up in the sex trade receive help that’s cus-tomized for their needs. Full article available at: http:// www.fresnobee.com/news/special-reports/ human-trafficking/article186937063.html 
[From the Fresno Bee, Dec. 7, 2017] A
LL OF USMUSTHELPBEAT THE SCOURGE OF  H
UMAN TRAFFICKING . H ERE’SWHAT YOU C
ANDO (By Rory Appleton) Pimps have ensnared Fresno middle-school students who were selling their bodies for extra spending money. Young women have been tricked, blackmailed and forced into having sex with strangers to support men they believed were their boyfriends. People— especially children—with low self-esteem, mental illness, unstable home lives or living in poverty are the preferred targets of an in-dustry operating in the shadows. Human trafficking is a complex issue. Po-lice, advocacy groups and the Fresno legal community have formed a unique partner-ship to tackle the growing problem in new ways. But what can the rest of Fresno do to fight human trafficking? Talking to your children or younger family members about the issue can educate them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.036 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1301 February 27, 2018 
and help keep them out of harm’s way. Non-profits that help trafficking victims would welcome financial donations. Residents can urge governments to allocate more resources to those policing and prosecuting traffickers. And far larger strides can be made to address a major underlying issue in the sex trade: the people, mostly men, who buy sex. Full article available at: http:// www.fresnobee.com/news/special-reports/ human-trafficking/article188526804.html 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. D ONOVAN ). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be consid-ered as read. The text of the committee amend-ment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 1865 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) section 230 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230; commonly known as the ‘‘Communications Decency Act of 1996’’) was never intended to provide legal protection to websites that unlawfully promote and facilitate prostitution and contribute to sex trafficking; (2) websites that promote and facilitate pros-titution have been reckless in allowing the sale of sex trafficking victims and have done nothing to prevent the trafficking of children and vic-tims of force, fraud, and coercion; and (3) clarification of such section is warranted to ensure that such section does not provide such protection to such websites. 
SEC. 3. PROMOTION OF PROSTITUTION AND RECKLESS DISREGARD OF SEX TRAF-FICKING. 
(a) P ROMOTION OF PROSTITUTION .—Chapter 117 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2421 the following: ‘‘§ 2421A. Promotion or facilitation of prostitu-tion and reckless disregard of sex traf-ficking ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Whoever uses or operates a facility or means of interstate or foreign com-merce or attempts to do so with the intent to promote or facilitate the prostitution of another person shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 10 years, or both. ‘‘(b) A
GGRAVATED VIOLATION .—Whoever uses or operates a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce with the intent to promote or facilitate the prostitution of another person and— ‘‘(1) promotes or facilitates the prostitution of 5 or more persons; or ‘‘(2) acts in reckless disregard of the fact that such conduct contributed to sex trafficking, in violation of 1591(a), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 25 years, or both. ‘‘(c) C
IVILRECOVERY .—Any person injured by reason of a violation of section 2421A(b) may re-cover damages and reasonable attorneys’ fees in an action before any appropriate United States district court. Consistent with section 230 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230), a defendant may be held liable, under this sub-section, where promotion or facilitation of pros-titution activity includes responsibility for the creation or development of all or part of the in-formation or content provided through any interactive computer service. ‘‘(d) MANDATORY RESTITUTION .—Notwith- standing sections 3663 or 3663A and in addition to any other civil or criminal penalties author-ized by law, the court shall order restitution for any offense under this section. ‘‘(e) A
FFIRMATIVE DEFENSE .—It shall be an affirmative defense to a charge of violating sub-section (a) where the defendant proves, by a preponderance of the evidence, that the pro-motion or facilitation of prostitution is legal in the jurisdiction where the promotion or facilita-tion was targeted.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2421 the fol-lowing: ‘‘2421A. Promotion or facilitation of prostitution and reckless disregard of sex traf-ficking.’’. 
SEC. 4. COMMUNICATIONS DECENCY ACT. 
Section 230(e) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) N
O EFFECT ON STATE LAWS CONFORMING  
TO 18 U .S.C. 1591(A) OR 2421A .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to impair or limit any charge in a criminal prosecution brought under State law— ‘‘(A) if the conduct underlying the charge constitutes a violation of section 2421A of title 18, United States Code, and promotion or facili-tation of prostitution is illegal in the jurisdic-tion where the defendant’s promotion or facili-tation of prostitution was targeted; or ‘‘(B) if the conduct underlying the charge constitutes a violation of section 1591(a) of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 5. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to limit or pre-empt any civil action or criminal prosecution under Federal law or State law (including State statutory law and State common law) filed be-fore or after the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act that was not limited or pre-empted by section 230 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230), as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–583. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–583. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 5, beginning on line 12, strike ‘‘con-tribute to sex trafficking’’ and insert ‘‘websites that facilitate traffickers in ad-vertising the sale of unlawful sex acts with sex trafficking victims’’. Page 6, beginning on line 8, strike ‘‘Who-ever uses or operates a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce or attempts to do so’’ and insert ‘‘Whoever, using a facil-ity or means of interstate or foreign com-merce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, owns, manages, or operates an interactive computer service (as such term is defined in defined in section 230(f) the Com-munications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230(f))), or conspires or attempts to do so,’’. Page 6, beginning on line 13, strike ‘‘Who-ever uses or operates a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce’’ and insert ‘‘Whoever, using a facility or means of inter-state or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, owns, man-ages, or operates an interactive computer service (as such term is defined in defined in section 230(f) the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230(f))), or conspires or at-tempts to do so,’’. Page 7, line 1, strike ‘‘Consistent’’ and all that follows through line 7. Page 7, line 11, strike ‘‘offense under this section.’’ and insert the following: ‘‘violation of subsection (b)(2). The scope and nature of such restitution shall be consistent with sec-tion 2327(b).’’. Page 7, line 13, insert after ‘‘subsection (a)’’ the following: ‘‘, or subsection (b)(1)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 748, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This amendment makes small but important changes to the bill. Most significantly, the bill narrows the class of defendants covered in the new section 2421A, which criminalizes the deliberate promotion or facilita-tion of prostitution. As the creation of this law is designed to target bad actor websites, this amendment narrows de-fendants covered to those who own, manage, or operate an interactive com-puter service with the intent to pro-mote or facilitate prostitution. This amendment avoids creating a broad Federal law that covers conduct that is not necessarily Federal in nature. Second, the manager’s amendment strikes language from the underlying bill’s civil recovery provision that was intended to encourage victims to suc-cessfully plead their cases. However, the language could have created a risk of confusion by the courts, and so it has been removed. Further, the manager’s amendment clarifies that mandatory restitution provision is only applicable to victims of sex trafficking, not to those who vol-untarily have engaged in prostitution. Finally, the manager’s amendment adds language inadvertently omitted from the original bill, which permits defendants who face an aggravated charge for promoting or facilitating more than five people to assert the statute’s affirmative defense if a de-fendant can prove that advertisements were targeted to a locality where pro-motion or facilitation is legal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.038 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1302 February 27, 2018 
Mr. Chairman, this manager’s amendment is the product of the Judi-ciary Committee’s repeated and thoughtful effort to produce a work-able and technically sound piece of leg-islation. This bill will do a great deal to protect victims of sex trafficking. I am proud of the hard work by my col-leagues and staff to ensure that the criminal law is appropriately tailored to achieve that goal. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the Goodlatte amend-ment, and I thank the chairman along with our ranking member, Mr. N
ADLER , for their hard work in working to-gether. I think this amendment is particu-larly important because it clarifies that the restitution provision applies to victims of sex trafficking and en-sures that the affirmative defense ap-plies to both of the criminal offenses created in the underlying bill. These changes are simple and reasonable. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the Goodlatte Manager’s Amendment, which makes tech-nical changes to H.R. 1865. The amendment adds ‘‘attempt’’ language that was inadvertently omitted from the bill and is consistent with, and tracks the typical lan-guage used in the federal criminal code to de-fine criminal offenses. The amendment also clarifies that the res-titution provision applies to victims of sex traf-ficking and ensures that the affirmative de-fense applies to both of the criminal offenses created in the underlying bill. These changes are simple and reasonable and maintain the overall spirit of the bill. Mr. Chairman, I support the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MRS . MIMI 
WALTERS OF CALIFORNIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–583. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 7, line 21, strike ‘‘ COMMUNICATIONS DE -
CENCY ACT ’’ and insert ‘‘ ENSURING ABILITY TO  ENFORCE FEDERAL AND STATE CRIMINAL AND  
CIVIL LAW RELATING TO SEX TRAFFICKING ’’. Page 7, line 22, strike ‘‘Section 230’’ and in-sert ‘‘(a)I
NGENERAL —Section 230’’. Page 8, strike line 1 and all that follows through line 13, and insert the following: ‘‘(5) N
O EFFECT ON SEX TRAFFICKING LAW .— Nothing in this section (other than sub-section (c)(2)(A)) shall be construed to im-pair or limit— ‘‘(A) any claim in a civil action brought under section 1595 of title 18, United States Code, if the conduct underlying the claim constitutes a violation of section 1591 of that title; ‘‘(B) any charge in a criminal prosecution brought under State law if the conduct un-derlying the charge would constitute a viola-tion of section 1591 of title 18, United States Code; or ‘‘(C) any charge in a criminal prosecution brought under State law if the conduct un-derlying the charge would constitute a viola-tion of section 2421A of title 18, United States Code, and promotion or facilitation of prostitution is illegal in the jurisdiction where the defendant’s promotion or facilita-tion of prostitution was targeted.’’. Page 8, after line 13, insert the following: (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply regardless of whether the conduct al-leged occurred, or is alleged to have oc-curred, before, on, or after such date of en-actment. 
SEC. 5. ENSURING FEDERAL LIABILITY FOR PUB-LISHING INFORMATION DESIGNED TO FACILITATE SEX TRAFFICKING OR OTHERWISE FACILITATING SEX TRAFFICKING. 
Section 1591(e) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) The term ‘participation in a venture’ means knowingly assisting, supporting, or facilitating a violation of subsection (a)(1).’’. 
SEC. 6. ACTIONS BY STATE ATTORNEYS GEN-ERAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1595 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) In any case in which the attorney gen-eral of a State has reason to believe that an interest of the residents of that State has been or is threatened or adversely affected by any person who violates section 1591, the attorney general of the State, as parens patriae, may bring a civil action against such person on behalf of the residents of the State in an appropriate district court of the United States to obtain appropriate relief.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 1595 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘this section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (2) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’. Page 8, line 14, strike ‘‘5’’ and insert ‘‘7’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 748, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight On-line Sex Trafficking Act. I also want to thank my colleague, ANNWAGNER , for her dedication to this issue and her efforts to bring this bill to the floor. The underlying bill will help crack down on online facilitators of human sex trafficking to end this modern-day slavery. My amendment will allow en-forcement of criminal and civil sex trafficking laws against websites that knowingly facilitate online sex traf-ficking activities. Mr. Chairman, this issue is of signifi-cant local concern in the heart of my district in Orange County. Last year, a major international sex trafficking ring was uncovered in a quiet Irvine, California, neighborhood. Young women from overseas were sold repeat-edly through the website Backpage.com. Websites like Backpage, which are essentially storefronts for the facilita-tion of sex trafficking, have been able to operate with impunity. My amend-ment, in conjunction with the under-lying bill, will help prosecutors crack down on websites that knowingly fa-cilitate or promote sex trafficking, while keeping in place safeguards for those who responsibly publish third- party content. This legislation will em-power sex trafficking survivors to come forward and seek justice. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill and putting an end to the human sex traf-ficking industry in America, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Chairman, sec-tion 230 of the Communications De-cency Act stands for a very simple, powerful idea: a website should not be liable for the actions of its users. Because of section 230, we have the internet as we know it today. Also, be-cause of section 230, the vast majority of websites can safely and effectively report and coordinate with law enforce-ment on various crimes, including sex trafficking, child pornography, and the like. Unfortunately, section 230 has been utilized by bad actors, including a no-torious one, Backpage, to traffic in children and to exploit victims. Really, they are slavery victims. The under-lying bill, H.R. 1865, puts a stop to that. As the Department of Justice has noted, it will allow for the prosecution of people who are trafficking in victims online. The Walters amendment, however, for the first time, would carve a hole in section 230 and make it actually more difficult than the underlying bill to prosecute traffickers online. By cre-ating potential liability for ‘‘knowing’’ that a user is using their website for facilitating sex trafficking, the Walters amendment would create what legal experts call the moderator’s dilemma. There is no obligation under law to moderate your website. In fact, if you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.065 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1303 February 27, 2018 
have 2 million users or 10 million users, you really don’t know what is being posted by your users. But under this amendment, if you made any effort to try and find out what was happening among your users—as many websites do today, especially for child pornog-raphy, but also for trafficking—you would incur liability because you would then have a reason to know. b1515 Other laws that deal with inter-mediary liability, such as a require-ment to report child pornography or copyright safe harbors of the DMCA, have very clear and specific provisions on when a website has sufficient knowledge and what express actions it should take. The Walters amendment has none of these. There is no case law on it either. So the amendment really would put web owners in a very weird place. If you do anything to moderate, you are risking liability. The safe incentive would be to not monitor at all. That would be tragic and it would be a gain for child predators, although I know that that is not the intention. You can’t stop moderating just for traf-ficking. You either moderate or you don’t moderate. We do know that there have been tre-mendous advances for machine-oper-ated filters to find child pornography. Actually, that is one of the easiest things to find, using filters, and it is very important that websites cooperate with law enforcement to catch those bad guys. Under the Walters amendment, the disincentive would be huge not to do that. I think that is why the Depart-ment of Justice does not support the Walters amendment. As I said earlier—and the chairman put the letter into the Record—the De-partment believes that any revision to define participation in a venture is un-necessary. They say that, while well- intentioned, this new language would impact prosecutions by effectively cre-ating additional elements that prosecu-tors would have to prove at trial. That is why it is a bad idea to adopt this amendment. As the chairman of the committee has said, section 4 of the amendment also violates the ex- post facto clause of the Constitution by attaching criminal liability to actions that preceded the enactment of the bill. This is clearly unconstitutional. Although I don’t have any doubt as to the good intentions behind the offer-ing of this amendment, it would actu-ally impair the ability to protect vic-tims. It would make it more difficult to prosecute, as the Department of Jus-tice has pointed out. It didn’t go through the Judiciary Committee. I think that is a major fault. One of the things we were able to do in the committee—and we did this together, on a bipartisan basis—was to sort through the unintended con-sequences of seemingly simple lan-guage. Nothing in writing law is simple. Cer-tainly, nobody wants a provision that is going to negatively impact prosecu-tions; have unintended consequences for State actions, as the Department of Justice has pointed out; and would pro-vide a disincentive for people to mod-erate activities to try and catch bad guys and to work with law enforce-ment. So, although the intentions are good, the amendment is flawed. I hope we vote ‘‘no’’ on it, and then I hope we give a resounding unanimous vote ‘‘yes’’ for the underlying bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim the time I yielded back. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ). Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for bringing up the Walters amendment to H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, called FOSTA. The Walters amendment reinstates critical pro-victim provisions from my original bill. It also reflects the work that has been done in the Senate on these provisions, which are the meat of S. 1693, the Stop Enabling Sex Traf-fickers Act, or SESTA. FOSTA has over 175 House cosponsors and SESTA has over 67 Senate cospon-sors. These two bills depend on each other to address the problem of online sex trafficking. Mr. Chair, we should not allow Big Tech money and special interests to try and overdefine this conversation and override our criminal justice sys-tem. FOSTA amends section 230 to allow for stronger criminal enforcement against websites that profit from human trafficking, and SESTA amends section 230 to allow for stronger civil enforcement against websites that profit from human trafficking. They are two sides of the same coin and they must pass together. We need both criminal and civil tools to prop-erly combat the highly ‘‘lucrative’’ in-dustry of online sex trafficking. Moreover, it is imperative that we clarify that section 230 does not impair or limit the ability of trafficking vic-tims to use the Federal private right of action that Congress clearly provided in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. Two years ago, the First Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that there is a fundamental tension between these pri-vate right of action and section 230. Today, by voting ‘‘yes’’ on the Walters amendment, the House will dispel this tension. No website is immune from civil liability for knowingly facili-tating the sale of trafficking victims. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gentle-woman yield? Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, a 16- year-old was found beaten and stabbed to death after being advertised as a prostitute on Backpage. I might suggest that we follow one great philosopher in California who asked: Can we all get along? This amendment is needed in order to give enhanced powers to State attor-neys general that they can provide the extra litigation leverage for individ-uals who are impacted in a devastating manner. As I said, we have to be concerned about the First Amendment, but we have got to protect our children. Every time I think of this precious young lady, Desiree, and the tears of her mother who testified before the other body in the Senate hearing, I think it is important that we move forward. If we move forward, we can build on this legislation. I intend to offer additional legisla-tion that we will need so that we can put a stop sign in front of the dastardly behavior of online sex trafficking. So I ask my colleagues to support the Walters amendment in order to ensure that we can move forward and, as we move forward, make a difference in the lives of these children. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the Walters Amendment, which addresses problems states and local law enforcement agencies, prosecu-tors, and advocates have faced in their at-tempts to hold online sex traffickers respon-sible for their despicable behavior. Congress decided more than 150 years ago that no person—no woman, no child, no boy or girl—deserves to be bought, sold, or owned by another person. And, as I have said many times before, traf-ficking in human beings has no place in a civ-ilized society. Our country is facing a crisis that touches urban cities, rural areas, and suburbs, and vio-lates the fundamental American ideal of lib-erty—which sets this country apart from so many others. Traffickers hold their victims captive both physically and mentally, employing extreme forms of psychological abuse and coercion to main control over them and prevent them from escaping, while stripping them of their human-ity. This is an ongoing battle with very high stakes. Several years ago, I, along with Chair-man M
CCAUL, held the first field hearing on human trafficking in Texas before the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. At the time of the hearing, a stash house was raided and 115 people were rescued. I visited that loca-tion and saw first-hand, the atrocious condi-tions in which those people were forced to exist. Without the hard work of those Texas offi-cers, I cannot fathom the torment that might have befallen those poor souls. As Ranking Member of the Judiciary Crime Subcommittee, I support the eradication of Human and Sex Trafficking. This vile cruelty must end. Anyone who aids, assists, facilitates or pro-motes such behavior must be held account-able. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.068 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1304 February 27, 2018 
Just last week, I sat down with a room filled with anti-human trafficking advocates and rep-resentatives of anti-human trafficking advo-cacy groups, including Real Beauty Real Women and Break the Cycle. I heard stories of suffering and stories of frustrations. Victims and survivors are crying out for a change in the law and they are crying out for justice. They have tried to bring cases against the people, websites, and online service pro-viders, who contributed to their suffering and profited from their victimization—to no avail. Prosecutors have tried to bring online sex traffickers and the companies who provide them safe harbor—and, unfortunately failed. It is imperative that we do all that we can to provide for victims of this disgusting crime, protect vulnerable members of society from becoming victims as well, and tell websites like Backpage.com. Sex trafficking is a callous and brutal crime that unquestionably deserves the nation’s up-most attention. It is particularly difficult to see the victimization of the very young who are sold into the sex trafficking market. The SESTA amendment provides law en-forcement, prosecutors, and courts at every level with the tools they need to hold respon-sible, both civilly and criminally, each and every bad actor who participates in, facilitates, contributes to, or profits from sex trafficking. Many of the groups that work with victims and survivors of sex trafficking support pas-sage of H.R. 1865 only if Ms. W
ALTERS ’s amendment passes as well. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMI W
ALTERS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–583. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of the bill the following: 
SEC. 6. GAO STUDY. 
On the date that is 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to the Commit-tees on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives and of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, a report which includes the following: (1) Information on each civil action brought pursuant to section 2421A(c) of title 18, United States Code, that resulted in an award of damages, including the amount claimed, the nature or description of the losses claimed to support the amount claimed, the losses proven, and the nature or description of the losses proven to support the amount awarded. (2) Information on each civil action brought pursuant to section 2421A(c) of title 18, United States Code, that did not result in an award of damages, including— (A) the amount claimed and the nature or description of the losses claimed to support the amount claimed; and (B) whether the case was dismissed, and if the case was dismissed, information describ-ing the reason for the dismissal. (3) Information on each order of restitution entered pursuant to section 2421A(d) of title 18, United States Code, including— (A) whether the defendant was a corpora-tion or an individual; (B) the amount requested by the Govern-ment and the justification for, and calcula-tion of, the amount requested, if restitution was requested; and (C) the amount ordered by the court and the justification for, and calculation of, the amount ordered. (4) For each defendant convicted of vio-lating section 2421A(b) of title 18, United States Code, that was not ordered to pay res-titution— (A) whether the defendant was a corpora-tion or an individual; (B) the amount requested by the Govern-ment, if restitution was requested; and (C) information describing the reason that the court did not order restitution. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 748, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have already raised the picture of Desiree, who is dead. Her death was driven by being exposed as a so-called prostitute in the sex trafficking of a little girl on Backpage. Or J.S., who, in fact, was victimized in Seattle. She was raped. She was put on Backpage. Then she was rescued by her family. Since it was before this leg-islation, it failed in court. My legislation is very simple: Does this bill work? What more can we do? I am asking for a study where the GAO would be instructed to assess the damages awarded to victims and res-titution amounts imposed against de-fendants as a result of this bill. Victims of sex trafficking require a multifaceted response to rebuild their life. That includes housing; counseling; job training; and, in many cases, drug treatment and rehabilitation. We as Members of Congress need to be able to know if it works. A citizen-led movement called Fight for Us, along with a team of influential citizens called The Houston 20, work to fill in the gaps and strengthen the serv-ices for victims and survivors in the city of Houston. I was very proud to meet with them at the Community of Faith Church, a socially motivated church, led by Bishop James Dixon. Jackie is the lead. They were all committed, Chil-dren at Risk and many other organiza-tions, to eliminating some of the gaps for The Houston 20, which will allow them to utilize resources for greater work. So I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amend-ment to H.R. 1865 which requests the Govern-ment Accountability Office to study the effec-tiveness of the civil and restitution provisions enacted by H.R. 1865. In an effort to determine if we are actually providing justice to victims of sex trafficking through this legislation, GAO would be in-structed to assess the damages awarded to victims and restitution amounts imposed against defendants as a result of this bill. Victims of sex trafficking require a multi-fac-eted response to rebuild their lives that in-cludes: housing, counseling, job training, and, in many cases, drug treatment and rehabilita-tion. There are well-meaning, dedicated victim advocacy groups all over the country, that offer their help and services that are depend-ent on state and federal grants, charitable do-nations, and private funding. A citizen-led movement called Fight For Us, along with a team of influential citizens called the Houston 20, work to fill in the gaps and strengthen the services for victims and sur-vivors in my city of Houston. I commend these selfless individuals and hope that they con-tinue their important work. Fortunately though, H.R. 1865 creates a civil cause of action for victims of the aggra-vated violation, and requires judges to impose mandatory restitution orders in criminal cases involving such victims. It is my hope that this measure will eliminate some of those gaps for the Houston 20 and allow them to utilize their resources for even greater work. Through this legislation, victims will be empowered to take control of their own recovery and restoration. My amendment will collect data on the civil awards and restitution orders, to determine whether victims are actually receiving the re-lief, assistance, and justice they require and deserve. My amendment primarily asks GAO to: (1) report the amounts of the damages awarded and the restitution amounts ordered; but also (2) report the amounts that are requested by victims and the government, on behalf of vic-tims; (3) the nature and descriptions of the losses that are claimed and proven; and (4) the justifications for the amounts that are requested and eventually ordered to be paid. My amendment further asks GAO to report cases that are dismissed and provide informa-tion describing the reason or reasons for the dismissals. While it is Congress’s duty to address the needs of our citizens by enacting sensible leg-islation, we are also responsible for monitoring the legislation we enact and determining whether we have truly responded to the needs of our citizens. For this reason, and all reasons previously stated, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee Amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.030 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1305 February 27, 2018 
although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Alabama is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I support Ms. J
ACKSON LEE’s amendment requiring a GAO study. It is always helpful to re-quire more information on the effi-ciency of a new law. This study will provide useful information to deter-mine whether this legislation has prov-en to be the meaningful tool that we anticipate it will be. I commend Ms. J
ACKSON LEEfor introducing this amendment and for her commitment to combating sex trafficking. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AG-
NER). Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Alabama for yielding. Mr. Chair, in recent years, sex traf-ficking has moved from the streets to the internet. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children has witnessed an 846 percent increase in suspected child sex trafficking reports. Eighty-one percent of these reports concern online trafficking facilitated by websites that help traffickers post advertisements of child victims. I find it hard to imagine that if a neighborhood business hosted a slave auction, the auctioneer would not be considered liable. But that is actually what is happening with websites like backpage.com and hundreds others. I have spoken with State and local prosecutors across America who want to hold online advertisers accountable for facilitating traffic and promoting prostitution, but they cannot. Section 230 has been interpreted so broadly that courts have ruled in favor of backpage.com in criminal and civil cases, despite the website’s clear crimi-nal conduct. These rulings defy con-gressional intent. Twenty-two years ago, Senator Jim Exon from Nebraska, the sponsor of the Communications Decency Act, stated that ‘‘the information superhighway should not become a red-light dis-trict.’’ Section 230 was an amendment to the CDA that intended to motivate websites to screen explicit content in ‘‘good faith,’’ and to shield websites from unfair liability for third-party content. However, section 230 was never intended to shield websites from liability for criminal conduct. Congress did not intend to allow businesses to commit trafficking crimes online that they could never commit offline. It never meant to imply that criminal conduct can hide behind the defense of legitimate pub-lishing or editing. H.R. 1865 is a long-overdue clarifica-tion of section 230 explaining to Amer-ica’s courts that State and local pros-ecutors are not handcuffed from pro-tecting their communities and that the State laws should be freely enforced against websites that unlawfully pro-mote prostitution and sex. Mr. Chair, the Jackson Lee amend-ment will help us track the use of this new crime, and I am delighted to sup-port it. I thank the gentlewoman for offering it. Mr. Chair, I am horrified that chil-dren and adults are sold on the inter-net like a T-shirt or takeout. I am hor-rified that human beings are sold with impunity and have no access to justice. Today, please vote ‘‘yes’’ for justice. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, how much time is remaining on each side? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 3 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from Alabama has 2 minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ). Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. More impor-tantly, I thank her for her amendment. As the lead Democrat sponsor of this bill, I proudly join her with that amendment. Like my colleague Congresswoman R
OBYsaid, it is always good when you have a great bill that you can have an amendment that asks for a study to make sure that it is effective. b1530 Lastly, let me just say, I thank the Congresswoman for sharing those sto-ries, whether it is the story of Cathy, whether it is the story of Erika, or in my district, Theresa, it makes me proud to stand with her. And I thank her not only for this amendment but for her work in judiciary because what we know her amendment will do, it will protect the innocent. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, does the gentlewoman have any additional speakers? Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I have no ad-ditional speakers. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I will close at this time. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewomen from Ohio and from New York. I thank Congresswoman W
AGNER . I thank Con-gresswoman L
OFGREN for her concern, as evidenced by her statement, but I want to focus on building blocks, and I want to say to fight for us in the coali-tion of 20 that I met with. My promise is that we are in building blocks. We are going to build on what we are doing today, and we are going to continue to mount the assault on sex trafficking and human trafficking, and we are going to literally wipe it out. We are going to wipe it out because of Shaundra. We are going to wipe it out because of this young, beautiful lady, 16 years old, Desiree. We are going to wipe it out because of Desiree. We are going to wipe it out because of J.S. We are going the wipe it out be-cause Desiree was found beaten, stabbed to death, after being advertised as a prostitute on Backpage. We want her mother to know that we are out-raged that children are treated in this way. My amendment will be the guidepost: Is what we are doing working? It will provide a report on the amounts of damages awarded, the restitution awarded, report the amounts that are requested by victims and the govern-ment on their behalf, the nature and description of the losses that are claimed and proven, the justification for the amounts that are requested and eventually ordered to be paid. My amendment asks GAO to report cases that are dismissed and provide information to describing the reason for those dismissals. We don’t want anything to go under the rug. Our chil-dren are too important. I would ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. And in conclusion, I would say to those who I met with, to those groups around the Nation meeting in local communities thinking that they are alone fighting this dastardly act of sex trafficking and human trafficking, and, of course, a moneymaker like Backpage, you are not alone, we are starting today, we have done work be-fore, and we are not going to stop. I will work with you for the ongoing blocks that are going to continue to stamp out online sex trafficking and human trafficking. With that, I ask for support of the legislation and my amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I support Ms. JACKSON LEE’s amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). The amendment was agreed to. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 1865) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex-ual exploitation of children or sex traf-ficking, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.073 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1306 February 27, 2018 
will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or if the vote is objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken later. 
f 
TRID IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5078) to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mort-gage disclosures, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5078 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘TRID Im-provement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO MORTGAGE DISCLO-SURE REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 4(a) of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2603(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘itemize all charges’’ and inserting ‘‘itemize all actual charges’’; (2) by striking ‘‘and all charges imposed upon the seller in connection with the settle-ment and’’ and inserting ‘‘and the seller in connection with the settlement. Such forms’’; and (3) by inserting after ‘‘or both.’’ the fol-lowing new sentence: ‘‘Charges for any title insurance premium disclosed on such forms shall be equal to the amount charged for each individual title insurance policy, sub-ject to any discounts as required by State regulation or the title company rate fil-ings.’’. 
SEC. 3. POSITIVE CREDIT REPORTING PER-MITTED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 623 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) F
ULL-FILECREDIT REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the limitation in paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, a person or the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development may furnish to a consumer reporting agency information relating to the performance of a consumer in making payments— ‘‘(A) under a lease agreement with respect to a dwelling, including such a lease in which the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment provides subsidized payments for oc-cupancy in a dwelling; or ‘‘(B) pursuant to a contract for a utility or telecommunications service. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Information about a con-sumer’s usage of any utility services pro-vided by a utility or telecommunication firm may be furnished to a consumer reporting agency only to the extent that such informa-tion relates to payment by the consumer for the services of such utility or telecommuni-cation service or other terms of the provi-sion of the services to the consumer, includ-ing any deposit, discount, or conditions for interruption or termination of the services. ‘‘(3) P
AYMENT PLAN .—An energy utility firm may not report payment information to a consumer reporting agency with respect to an outstanding balance of a consumer as late if— ‘‘(A) the energy utility firm and the con-sumer have entered into a payment plan (in-cluding a deferred payment agreement, an arrearage management program, or a debt forgiveness program) with respect to such outstanding balance; and ‘‘(B) the consumer is meeting the obliga-tions of the payment plan, as determined by the energy utility firm. ‘‘(4) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the following definitions shall apply: ‘‘(A) E
NERGY UTILITY FIRM .—The term ‘en-ergy utility firm’ means an entity that pro-vides gas or electric utility services to the public. ‘‘(B) U
TILITY OR TELECOMMUNICATION  
FIRM.—The term ‘utility or telecommuni-cation firm’ means an entity that provides utility services to the public through pipe, wire, landline, wireless, cable, or other con-nected facilities, or radio, electronic, or similar transmission (including the exten-sion of such facilities).’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—Section 623(c) of the Consumer Credit Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) subsection (f) of this section, including any regulations issued thereunder; or’’. (c) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the impact of furnishing information pursuant to subsection (f) of section 623 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2) (as added by this Act) on consumers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. H
ILL) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I will yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in favor of my bill, H.R. 5078, the TRID Improve-ment Act. This important package will cut through the red tape and level the playing field for making sure that reg-ulations are smarter, fairer, clearer, and more efficient, while, at the same time, ensure that consumers and inves-tors are protected. You know, Mr. Speaker, when the CFPB, the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau, was first initiated as a part of the Dodd-Frank Act, one of now-Senator E
LIZABETH WARREN ’s goals was simpler regulation, that we would streamline regulation, that we would take bulky complex consumer forms and make them simpler. And the TILA-RESPA, truth-in-lending form and the real estate settlement form, were examples in those early days that they were going to make these forms simpler and easier for consumers. Well, that is what we are talking about today, Mr. Speaker, for it did not become simpler and easier. It became costly, complex, and difficult for con-sumers. Today, we are back on the floor on this issue. It is not a new issue or a new concern because the confusion re-lated to TRID has been apparent for years. In November 2013, the CFPB finalized TRID, combining, as I said, the truth- in-lending form with the real estate settlement procedures form necessary for consumers in this country to close a home loan to have that American Dream. The effective date for this final rule was originally set for mortgage applications received on or after Au-gust 1, 2015, but due to the administra-tive errors of the CFPB, the agency de-layed it until October 3, 2015. In October, the House of Representa-tives passed H.R. 3192, the Homebuyers Assistance Act, which I proudly spon-sored, and it passed with a bipartisan vote in this House of 303–121. It would have provided a hold-harmless period for those trying to make a good faith effort to comply with this complex rule. In April 2016, with complaints pour-ing in from both homeowners, home-buyers, consumers, bankers, title com-panies, the CFPB decided to reopen the rulemaking on TILA-RESPA and the TRID rule. The CFPB issued a final rule clarifying and amending certain mortgage disclosure provisions. So as you can hear from this long story, Mr. Speaker, this rule is com-plex. So we are here today to try to fix a part of it, a small part of it that will make it easier, better, and more clear-er for consumers. The American Bankers Association stated that if there was one thing to fix about the current regulatory system, it would be the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure rule, TRID—not qualified mortgage definitions, not the Volcker rule, the TRID rule. Mortgage lenders have seen regulatory change around every aspect of their lending for the last 8 years, and this rule is no excep-tion. Today, Mr. Speaker, over in the House Small Business Committee, the GAO testified. They have issued a re-port about the TILA-RESPA Inte-grated Disclosure rule. They told the committee today that this rule was one of the most expensive facing commu-nity banking across the country, the most burdensome. So here, the TILA-RESPA rule before our House Small Business Committee says that we are burdening community banks, and they, in turn, are not able to do the kind of work that we want, that we expect for our homebuyers of homes across this country. CFPB Associate Director David Sil-berman said the Bureau agreed with the GAO’s recommendation, that it as-sessed the effectiveness of the TRID 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.075 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1307 February 27, 2018 
guidance and that it intended to ask the public for input on ways to improve regulatory guidance. Well, Mr. Speaker, I am glad to have this report from the GAO, but we have been calling for this for almost 2
1⁄2 years that we want this rule made sim-pler and more direct and better for our consumers. H.R. 5078 fixes the title insurance dis-closures so that consumers actually know what their expenses are going to be for title insurance. And despite our best efforts, the CFPB has been unwill-ing to fix this problem on its own; so today, Congress comes to act. The other aspect of this bill—and I want to thank my good friend from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) and my good friend from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ) for the second portion of this bill, the Credit Access and Inclu-sion Act of 2017. The Credit Access and Inclusion Act amends the Fair Credit Reporting Act to allow the reporting of certain posi-tive consumer credit information for consumer reporting agencies. Specifi-cally, a person or the Department of Housing and Urban Development might report information related to a con-sumer’s performance in making pay-ments either under a lease arrange-ment for a dwelling or pursuant to a contract providing utility or tele-communication services. This kind of positive reporting on a consumer’s ability to make their payments on time will help more families in our country build a credit record. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, allow me to just thank the gentleman from the great State of Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) and also Congress-man P
ITTENGER , as well as many other members of the Financial Services Committee on both sides of the aisle. It is always a pleasure to be able to work together on things. This is what our constituents expect, and that is what the Credit Access and Inclusion bill ac-tually represents. So, Mr. Speaker, if I told you that we could help millions of people get access to an apartment, lower the cost of a loan, lower the deposit they may have to put down on a phone or utility de-posit, and we could do all these things without creating a new government program, we could do it without gov-ernment mandate, and we could do it with virtually no new tax dollars, would you take that deal? Because I would. I would say: Wow, help millions of people be able to afford services that they need before, lower the cost of loans? Yeah, why wouldn’t we do that? Well, the truth is that we can if we vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Credit Access and In-clusion bill. I am proud to tell you that this par-ticular piece of legislation, which is bi-partisan, will bring about basic fair-ness in the credit scoring system. Cred-it is currency in our society. It unlocks credit for access to goods and services. Hardworking Americans need to build some economic security for themselves and their families. There are currently about 26 million people, or 1 in 10 Americans, who do not have a credit record; and there is another 19 million Americans who do not have enough information to even score. Low-income individuals and even racial and ethnic minorities are even in worse shape. About one in four Latinos and African Americans either don’t have a credit score or don’t have enough information in the file to get a score. b1545 And almost half of the residents of low-income communities do not have a score of any background. This bill allows credit rating agen-cies to use on-time rent, phone, and utility payments when determining credit scores. Now, you should know, Mr. Speaker, if people are late with these lines of in-formation, it can, and often does, show up on their credit score now. And if people take out loan products which they pay back on time, that helps those people’s credit score now. But what about the people who pay phone bills and utility bills, and they pay their bills every month on time? They are not building anything to help them get in a better credit situation. This bill allows them to do that. As a result, more than a third of pre-viously unscorable Americans will now have access to prime credit and the op-portunities that come with it when we pass this bill. This bill isn’t just about access to credit, though. It is also about saving hardworking Americans real money, thousands of dollars, on car loans and their mortgages. Mr. Speaker, if you are unscorable, you can often get a loan, but the inter-est rate is always higher when that happens. So, if people are scorable and they get a credit score, they will be able to save money for themselves and put it into their household budget. The money that used to be going to auto lenders and mortgage brokers is now going to go into the pockets of consumers so that they can improve the lives of their family. That sounds like a pretty good day’s work to me. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Minnesota for his work on this bill and providing the chance to build a credit file for those who really need it. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), my friend, who, this week, I know, is having a touching time with his almost five dec-ades of friendship with Reverend Billy Graham—we all salute their work to-gether for the betterment of our world—and who is the vice chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in great support for Congress-man HILL’s bill, the TRID Improve-ment Act. This bill will lower con-sumer costs and lessen regulatory bur-dens for growing businesses, which will lead to healthier and well-functioning financial markets. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman H
ILLfor his great work and leadership on this issue. I am pleased that this legislation does include the Credit Access and In-clusion Act, H.R. 435, which I cospon-sored with Congressman E
LLISON , and which we introduced together. H.R. 435 is designed to give hard-working Americans better access to af-fordable credit by providing more op-portunities for them to build their credit on their own merit without Fed-eral funds or new bureaucracy. At a time when access to credit is a prac-tical necessity for economic and social mobility, tens of millions of Americans are hamstrung because they have little or no credit history. Currently, on-time utility and rent payments are not reflected in credit scores. The Credit Access and Inclusion Act amends the Federal Fair Credit Re-porting Act, or FCRA, to allow for non-financial service providers, such as telephone, cable, wireless, electric, and gas companies, as well as landlords, to report their customers’ on-time pay-ments to credit reporting agencies, or CRAs. By incorporating these on-time pay-ments, called alternative or additional data, into credit reports, more Ameri-cans can access affordable and respon-sible financial products and services, buy homes and cars, and build wealth, thus strengthening or entire economy. In total, our bill would enable nearly 100 million Americans to establish or raise their credit score, all without Federal mandates. Ultimately, this legislation will give every American the ability to build a better life. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman E
LLISON for actively working together on this very important issue, and I thank Congressman H
ILLfor his work on the TRID Improvement Act. Please join me in supporting this common-sense legislation. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I again thank Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. E LLISON  for their work on this measure, and for all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have brought these bills to the floor and, particularly, for speaking out for consumers on bills that will help consumers have more ac-cess to credit, whether it is a mortgage and a speedier, easier, more trans-parent mortgage closing or the chance to build credit, with the work from my friend from Minnesota and my friend from North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I have no further re-quests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.076 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1308 February 27, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5078, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
OPERATIONAL RISK CAPITAL RE-QUIREMENTS FOR BANKING OR-GANIZATIONS Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 747, I call up the bill (H.R. 4296) to place require-ments on operational risk capital re-quirements for banking organizations established by an appropriate Federal banking agency, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 747, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Financial Services printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–60, modified by the amendment printed in part A of House Report 115–582, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 4296 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. OPERATIONAL RISK CAPITAL RE-QUIREMENTS FOR BANKING ORGANI-ZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An appropriate Federal banking agency may not establish an oper-ational risk capital requirement for banking or-ganizations, unless such requirement— (1) is based primarily on the risks posed by a banking organization’s current activities and businesses; (2) is appropriately sensitive to the risks posed by such current activities and businesses; (3) is determined under a forward-looking as-sessment of potential losses that may arise out of a banking organization’s current activities, businesses, and exposures, which is not solely based on a banking organization’s historical losses; and (4) permits adjustments based on qualifying operational risk mitigants. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY .— The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agen-cy’’— (A) has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; and (B) means the National Credit Union Adminis-tration, in the case of an insured credit union. (2) B
ANKING ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘bank-ing organization’’ means— (A) an insured depository institution (as de-fined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit In-surance Act); (B) an insured credit union (as defined under section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act); (C) a depository institution holding company (as defined under section 3 of the Federal De-posit Insurance Act); (D) a company that is treated as a bank hold-ing company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act; and (E) a U.S. intermediate holding company es-tablished by a foreign banking organization pursuant to section 252.153 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations. SEC. 2. REDUCTION OF SURPLUS FUNDS OF FED-ERAL RESERVE BANKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(a)(3)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 289(a)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$7,500,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$7,468,571,428’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (a) shall take effect on May 1, 2018. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I rise, today, in strong support of H.R. 4296, an important bill authored by Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , who is a real leader on our committee. He is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Financial Insti-tutions and Consumer Credit and has led many bills on this floor. This par-ticular one addresses the burden that unnecessary operational capital re-quirements have imposed on our finan-cial institutions and then, con-sequently, on our hardworking families and small businesses that are seeking credit. The Basel Committee requires U.S. financial institutions to hold excessive capital based upon a look-back ap-proach to an organization’s risk, pre-vious earnings, and other provisions that provide no indication of future risk. Again, Mr. Speaker, this is about holding operational capital for past ac-tivities. This methodology employed by the international standard setters has forced our banks to hold hundreds of billions of dollars in reserve rather than putting that money to work in the real economy—in loans and invest-ments—for people to buy cars, to launch small-business enterprises, or maybe to make a downpayment on that first home. Again, Mr. Speaker, let me say it so that all can hear. Hundreds of billions of dollars is currently sitting in banks across the country not being utilized to fund mortgage loans, car loans, and other day-to-day financing that Amer-ican families and individuals demand. On top of this is the increased cost of compliance that banks have had to shoulder under Dodd-Frank’s onslaught of regulation. Banks like Coatesville Savings Bank, the only remaining bank in Coatesville, Pennsylvania, has told us that, now, 25 percent of their annual budget is nothing but compli-ance cost, Mr. Speaker. This is detri-mental to the Coatesville, Pennsyl-vania, community. That is 25 percent. That is a huge figure, Mr. Speaker, that cannot be used to fund the Amer-ican Dream in Coatesville, Pennsyl-vania. So, again, Chairman LUETKEMEYER  brings us a very commonsense reform and a very necessary reform. Most agree and recognize the impor-tance of our financial institutions to hold capital in the event of future cri-sis or distress. Nobody denies that, and this legislation does not remove those requirements. But, Mr. Speaker, re-quiring banking organizations to look back in the rearview mirror and hold operational capital against discon-tinued activities or products is just not nonsensical, it is crazy. It makes no sense. H.R. 4296 simply amends the method of how reserve capital is calculated by establishing standards based on an or-ganization’s current business activi-ties, making the requirements more accurate and tailored to a bank’s cur-rent risk profile. Again, Mr. Speaker, it is just common sense. That means banks would still retain sufficient re-serves to weather an economic storm, but they would be able to put the bil-lions of dollars currently sitting on the sidelines to work to help make the economy grow, to make it healthier. In short, this method-based approach proposed by H.R. 4296 properly cali-brates operational capital while also ensuring strong, healthy financial in-stitutions and, thus, a stronger econ-omy for our constituents. Again, to be very clear, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4296, does not prevent Federal fi-nancial regulators from instituting operational risk capital requirements. It does not eliminate the authority of a regulator to assess operational risk, nor does it prevent regulators from re-quiring that capital be held against riskier activities or businesses. The bill simply puts forth a thoughtful framework that sets parameters, while allowing regulators the flexibility needed to ensure that capital standards are appropriately tailored. A healthy financial system, Mr. Speaker, will enhance individuals’ fi-nancial freedom and will lead to a healthier and better regulatory sys-tem. H.R. 4296 has garnered strong, bipar-tisan support in our committee, pass-ing by a vote of 43–17, again, because it is practical and common sense. I again want to thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), who chairs our Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee, for his leadership on this bill. I urge all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.079 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1309 February 27, 2018 
my colleagues to join me in supporting this important bipartisan measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to H.R. 4296. This bill is simply an-other rollback of rules put in place after the financial crisis. It would un-dermine the stability of our country’s largest financial banks by restricting the way regulators set capital require-ments for these institutions. Before I get into why this bill is problematic, let me take a moment to clarify what capital is and what it is not. Some have said that capital is money that is held on the side or in reserve and cannot be used to lend to bor-rowers. This couldn’t be further from the truth. Capital is not a reserve. Cap-ital refers to the terms of the financing a bank receives. In the most simplistic example, a bank receives funds from customers making deposits, loans it receives from other institutions, and stock it has issued to investors. The bank uses all of these sources of funding to make mortgages and other loans to cus-tomers. However, there are important differences. Bank debt has terms like regular in-terest payments that, if it stops pay-ing, the bank fails. b1600 However, a bank can stop paying dividends on a stock without it failing. Banks funded with lots of debt are de-scribed as being higher leveraged and risky because only a small drop in the value of their mortgages and other as-sets can cause them to default. Funding a bank through higher levels of capital makes the bank stronger, be-cause even if the loans it has made lose value, the bank can avoid default by temporarily halting payments to their investors or lowering the value of the stock. H.R. 4296 would impact something called operational risk capital, which is the capital used to cover the possi-bility of losses to the largest banks caused from their operational failures, such as rogue traders, fraudulent sales practices, and cyber breaches. H.R. 4296 would diminish this type of capital, which only about 10 megabanks are required to maintain under an enhanced framework, by re-stricting the information that regu-lators can use to determine the appro-priate balance of safe funding, like bank stock versus debt, that megabanks should have to address po-tential operational losses that may occur. The bill would direct regulators to primarily consider a megabank’s cur-rent activities and not their past be-havior when setting the capital level, thereby enabling the bank to take on more debt. According to Americans for Finan-cial Reform, a nonpartisan coalition of more than 200 civil rights, consumer, labor, business, investor, faith-based, and civic and community groups: ‘‘While current activities are obvi-ously central to operational risk, and are already treated as such, the recent loss experience of banks is the best concrete evidence regulators usually have as to the magnitude of current and future risks. Recent past activities are also vital to understanding the fu-ture exposures of the bank, including potential legal exposures.’’ Thus, this change to how regulators determine the appropriate amount megabanks should maintain for oper-ational risk is imprudent. A megabank’s past actions are often the best indicators of future potential risks that it may experience. Well, memories seem to quickly fade in Congress about the problems that led to the last financial crisis, so let me list some of the examples of past megabanks’ operational failures by J.P. Morgan’s ‘‘London Whale’’ trades and Wells Fargo’s long list of viola-tions that have ripped off millions of consumers, including those harmed by their fraudulent accounts scandal. Given these examples of past mis-conduct, the megabanks have collec-tively paid more than $160 billion in fines since 2010. It is absurd to suggest that their past behavior shouldn’t be taken into account when determining how much capital they should hold. Even the Basel Committee, which several of President Trump’s ap-pointees now serve on, agreed in De-cember, when they finalized Basel III reforms from where the operational risk capital originates, writing: ‘‘Banks which have experienced greater operational risk losses histori-cally are assumed to be more likely to experience operational risk losses in the future.’’ So it makes no sense to have a for-ward-looking assessment that deem-phasizes a megabank’s past failures in setting these capital requirements. It is almost as if this bill is saying: ‘‘Don’t pay any attention to that. No matter how bad they have been, don’t look at their past performance. We don’t want you to look at that, because we know if you do, you will make a dif-ferent decision about capital require-ments.’’ The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-et Office estimated that the bill’s changes would cost the Federal Gov-ernment $22 million. This calculation was based on the fact that the capital change would not only affect the bank’s probability of failure, but also the magnitude of future losses to our entire financial stability, which, in turn, affects the overall U.S. economy. This is not a bill to help community banks. It has nothing to do with com-munity banks. Let me repeat that. This is not a bill to help community banks, so what we wish we would not hear is someone coming up talking about how it is going to hurt commu-nity banks. That is often used as an ex-cuse. When we are trying to rein in these megabanks, they always lop in the community banks with it. This has nothing to do with community banks. This is a bill for the 10 largest banks in this country. So the megabanks on Wall Street are hoping Congress will let them take on riskier debt by directing the regulators to downplay, if not outright ignore, their recent and extensive operational failures. Mr. Jamie Dimon, the CEO and chair-man of JPMorgan Chase, wrote in his 2016 annual letter to shareholders that: ‘‘Operational risk capital should be significantly modified, if not elimi-nated.’’ Let’s think about it like this: most adult consumers in this country have a credit score. Banks use those credit scores to determine whether or not to lend to a consumer and, if so, under what terms. These credit scores are based on a consumer’s what? A consumer’s past payment history, because this information is considered one of the best indicators of a person’s likelihood to default on future credit obligations. Now, we all know that credit scores are problematic, but no one, including me, is proposing to get rid of them, be-cause we can all agree that past pay-ment information is a good indicator of how someone will handle credit in the future, but this bill takes that prin-ciple and throws it out the window when it comes to the 10 largest banks in this country. Keep in mind, these same banks will continue to use a consumer’s credit score for underwriting and rating of mortgages and other consumer loans, but the megabanks themselves are ask-ing this Congress not to judge them on their past behavior, as they judge con-sumers, and to let them have a clean slate moving forward. If that isn’t a double standard, Mr. Speaker, I am not sure what is. Mr. Speaker, bank profits reached an all-time record high in 2016. Compensa-tion for Wall Street CEOs has shot back up to levels last seen in 2006, and business lending is up 75 percent since 2010. All this happened while U.S. banks added more than $700 billion in capital to absorb potential losses. There is a simple reason for this: healthy banks lend. U.S. banks also lent significantly more than their European counter-parts, because our banks boosted their capital levels, while the European banks did not. So despite Republicans’ ‘‘Chicken Little’’ arguments about the dire con-sequences of the Dodd-Frank Act and related regulatory reforms, the data speaks for itself. Banks are making more money than ever and lending more than ever, but apparently that is not enough. So I am here again today appealing for Congress to continue to uphold the commonsense safeguards for con-sumers, the broader economy, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.080 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1310 February 27, 2018 
megabanks. I reject this Wall Street giveaway. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this harmful legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit, and the bill’s sponsor. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his great lead-ership and for helping us with this leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4296, legislation that would set reasonable parameters for Federal fi-nancial regulators when establishing operational risk capital requirements so that banks can best leverage their capital to grow their local economies. In the wake of the financial crisis, operational risk capital requirements were first agreed to at the Basel Com-mittee. That is a foreign group of folks who get together. We have accepted some of their advice, unfortunately, and then it was implemented in the United States by the FDIC, the OCC, and the Federal Reserve. Like many concepts fashioned at the Basel Committee, the original intent may have seemed to be a good idea, but the implementation has brought about confusion and unintended con-sequences. The committee, realizing it didn’t get it right, has revised its rec-ommended operational risk standards on more than one occasion in the last few years. The first was in the fall of 2014, when the committee found that its original standards were under-cali-brated. The second came in 2016, when the Basel Committee suggested a re-quirement that would force banks to look back and hold capital against dis-counted activities and products. This is not an appropriate way to determine capital requirements. So what does this mean? It means that today a bank that exited a particular line of business must still hold the same amount of capital as another bank that is still en-gaged in that business. It also means that a bank that spends money to im-prove risk management will be saddled with the same capital standards as a bank that has done nothing to improve its risk management. My legislation would instill con-fidence by instituting clear guardrails for operational risk capital require-ments. This is particularly important considering that the European regu-lators have moved the goalposts on U.S. regulators and financial institu-tions several times. H.R. 4296 will also ensure that the imposition of forward-looking capital requirements focus on the bank’s cur-rent activities and businesses. Equally important, this bill would incentivize institutions to mitigate operational risk, creating safer banks and a safer financial system. To be clear, this legislation does not prevent Federal financial regulators from instituting operational risk cap-ital requirements. It does not elimi-nate the authority of a regulator to as-sess operational risk, nor does it pre-vent regulators from requiring that capital be held against riskier activi-ties or businesses. In other words, it would allow the regulators to continue their business of regulating, but putting some common sense in the regulation and allowing the flexibility to be able to use a for-ward-looking way of assessing risk rather than being forced to do a look- back-type of risk analysis. This bill puts forth a thoughtful framework that sets parameters while allowing regulators the flexibility needed to ensure that capital standards are appropriately tailored. Given my background as both a banker and a regulator, I am often one of the loudest voices in favor of strong capital standards. At the same time, those standards need to make sense, Mr. Speaker. They need to reflect the actual risk posed by the institution to the financial system. These standards have a tremendous impact on a bank’s capital levels, and it is important that the regulators get them right so that they don’t ham-string the bank’s ability to meet the credit needs of its local economy and community. I hope my colleagues will join me in voting in favor of this commonsense bi-partisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I again thank the chair-man for his support. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank our ranking member, Congresswoman M
AXINE WATERS , for yielding me time and also for her steadfast leadership in opposing the Financial CHOICE Act and many of the provisions included in the bill, including the one that we are considering on the floor today. Mr. Speaker, this bill flies in the face of the old maxim: Those who do not re-member the past are condemned to re-peat it. This bill would effectively blindfold our regulators when calculating oper-ational risk capital at our largest in-stitutions—it is worth repeating again: not our community banks, but our largest financial institutions—by pre-cluding them from looking at an insti-tution’s historic losses as an indicator of possible future losses. Now, earlier, the ranking member in-jected an example of asking about our credit scores. I think it is worth elabo-rating on this, Mr. Speaker. Imagine if I go to a bank for a mortgage loan and they ask me for my credit score, and I simply told them they couldn’t look at my past financial behavior in order to decide whether or not they are going to give me the loan. So when you talk about good or com-monsense regulation, we all know the answer to that question, Mr. Speaker. Well, this bill would effectively do just that to our regulators. Instead of a credit score, which determines credit-worthiness, operational risk deter-mines the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems. I would tell our regulators, when de-termining the appropriate level of cap-ital a financial institution needs to hold against operational risk, you can-not look at an institution’s past losses, especially if they got out of that busi-ness. Mr. Speaker, I think this is common sense. I think whether you are a bank-er or a regulator, you clearly under-stand that we need to make sure that we don’t blindfold our regulators. So I oppose this bill, which would re-duce capital in our country’s largest fi-nancial institutions and blindfold our regulators’ ability to safeguard the sta-bility of our economy. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ b1615 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. As I listen to my colleague from Ohio, she uses the complete wrong analogies. What happens is we don’t pay our home insurance premiums on the home we sold; we pay it on the home we own. If you lived in a swamp and then you moved to a mountaintop in Colorado, you pay different insurance premiums; and if you cease to be a skydiver and you become an accountant, maybe you pay different life insurance premiums. This has to do with your risk profile today, not yesterday. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ), a member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4296, sponsored by my colleague B
LAINE LUETKEMEYER . This bipartisan bill makes important cor-rections in the bank capital require-ments for operational risk. Under the legislation, regulators would continue to be able to consider the bank’s oper-ational risk, but would do so in a for-ward-looking manner. Currently, financial institutions are required to hold risk-based capital, even for discontinued activities and products. Accounting and the capital markets often use the concept of pro forma financials, which means you con-sider the ongoing operations, or the way that it would look if it looks like it is today, going forward. This bill would institute that same approach for regulators to use pro forma operational risk, so they wouldn’t have to continue to charge a capital charge on oper-ations that have been discontinued. I think the chairman made a great comment about you don’t buy home in-surance on a home you have already sold. My colleague, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.082 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1311 February 27, 2018 
during the markup of this bill, talked about how the Basel Committee has re-vised this specific capital requirement several times, but it is still a work in progress. This legislation is just a com-monsense change to make sure that banks are not charged capital charges against things that they aren’t doing anymore. This approach will free up capital that is needlessly on the sidelines and put it back in reach of America’s job creators. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4296. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ). She has raised a question about the analogies that the chairman made, and those analogies seem to escape ordi-nary logic. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me this time. Maybe I should try to right that wrong analogy that our chairman thought; but maybe if I take his anal-ogy that it is not based on the house I sold but it is based on the house I am living in, well, what is the difference? If I went to the bank and wanted to put my house up for collateral but I hadn’t paid the payment on it in 4 months and it was getting ready to be foreclosed on, I think they would want to know that. And that would be maybe a better analogy on it, because what we are trying to say to the people who are out there watching and listen-ing to this: You cannot let our larger banks put us at risk, what we know also happened in 2008. So that was the point I was making. So let’s say the analogies don’t work so we don’t have to go back and forth. Let me just say that I am voting ‘‘no’’ on this because I don’t want to blindfold or tie the hands of the regulators’ being able to do their jobs. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), the vice chair-man of the Financial Services Sub-committee on Capital Markets. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING  for all of his work moving this impor-tant regulatory reform through. I speak today in support of H.R. 4296, to place requirements on operational risk capital requirements for banking organizations established by an appro-priate Federal banking agency. This bill is one of many that are being re-ported by the Financial Services Com-mittee with bipartisan support. I want to commend Congressman L
UETKEMEYER and Congressman M EEKS  for working together to get a very strong vote from the Financial Serv-ices Committee. I hope that is some-thing we can accomplish today on the House floor. This legislation acknowledges that we can make improvements to the reg-ulatory framework that has been im-plemented or is still pending in re-sponse to the financial crisis. My con-stituents and I are very pleased to see the economic growth over the last year, but that does not mean we shouldn’t take additional steps to en-sure that we have an efficient regu-latory system. For example, the Fed is likely going to continue tightening rates, and I am not sure Congress will always be able to provide the progrowth fiscal policy that we have seen as of late. One of our other tools for affecting the performance of the economy is a progrowth but sensible regime that permits for investment, job creation, and financial security. H.R. 4296 will ensure our banking regulators insti-tute operational risk capital standards that make sense for the U.S. financial system. This legislation ensures that oper-ational risk-based capital requirements are reflective of the banking organiza-tion’s current activities and busi-nesses. This seems logical, but the cur-rent approach is dependent on histor-ical performance and does not provide for adjustments based on changes made by a banking organization. So, for example, a banking organiza-tion might suffer from a cyber attack that results in losses for the organiza-tion. In fact, cyber attacks and data breaches are considered to be one of the largest categories of operational risk. In response, this banking organi-zation could choose to overhaul its ability to detect and respond to such operational risk incidents. Shouldn’t our capital framework re-flect that work, or should the banking organization continue to suffer from a punitive framework that disincentivizes proactively addressing operational risk? I, for one, am supportive of policies that will encourage investment by banking organizations to address reputational risk, such as those that might pose a risk for a data breach. I would encourage all of my colleagues to vote in support of this bipartisan legislation. I would encourage our fi-nancial sector to proactively address operational risks, and it will also free up capital to permit for economic growth. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ), a member of the Congressional Progressive Caucus. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member W
ATERS for her lead-ership in opposing this bill and stand-ing for the protection of everyday Americans. We can’t forget that it was only 10 years ago that millions of hardworking families watched their life savings en-tirely wiped out. They lost their homes. They couldn’t afford to send their kids to college. And all of this heartache, this pain, this suffering that they went through was the direct re-sult of risky predatory lending prac-tices and too-big-to-fail banks that did not have sufficient capital in place to support and absorb their financial losses. It was in the aftermath of this finan-cial disaster in 2008 that Congress passed protections to prevent this from happening again, but here we are today where these big banks now believe that we should simply forget the past mis-takes that they made and, instead, only evaluate their current activities to determine certain capital require-ments. I guarantee you those families that have suffered have not simply for-gotten about what they went through and what they are still struggling to overcome and recover from. By ignoring critical indicators of past activities, this bill would allow big banks, like Wells Fargo, for exam-ple, who defrauded the American peo-ple just in the last several months by opening millions of fake accounts, to get away with a slap on the wrist. And the American people are set up to take the fall for their actions. Now, supporters of this bill claim that current capital requirements sti-fle lending and hurt our banks and the economy, but the facts say otherwise. In 2016, bank profits reached an all- time high, and today business lending is up 75 percent since 2010. Our coun-try’s banks added more than $700 bil-lion in capital to absorb potential losses and protect Americans and our economy from financial disaster. Higher capital requirements don’t re-strict lending. They simply ensure that big banks that are even bigger today than they were in 2008 can absorb their losses without depending on taxpayers for a bailout. The American people deserve a finan-cial system that works for them and their families, not one that bets against them to boost Wall Street prof-its. We need to pass legislation that in-creases these capital requirements of banks with assets greater than $50 bil-lion and continue to enact and strengthen reforms that will protect our economy and American families from another massive collapse. That is why I am strongly urging our col-leagues to reject this dangerous bill and, instead, work together towards ef-forts to build a financial system that serves the American people, not special interests or Wall Street banks. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. I point out to my friends on the other side of the aisle, there are over 20 dif-ferent capital levels that are already applied to our banking organizations, including the Total Loss-Absorbing Capital, the TLAC. I would also point out, if my friends are so concerned about capital levels, maybe they should have supported the Financial CHOICE Act, which is a tradeoff between greater levels of cap-ital and Washington micromanagement of our financial institutions. Last but not least, Chairman Powell of the Federal Reserve appeared before our committee just this morning to say safety and soundness considerations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.084 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1312 February 27, 2018 
allow the Fed to, for all intents and purposes, impose any capital level they want to on our banking institutions, thus undercutting all the arguments we have heard from the other side of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), the vice chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and chairman of the Financial Institutions and Con-sumer Credit Subcommittee, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , for his active work on this important legislation. In the aftermath of the financial cri-sis, the Basel Committee expanded reg-ulations on operational risk require-ments imposed on financial institu-tions. Unfortunately, like many of the implemented regulations, unintended consequences were brought about. The complexity and nature of the current operational risk capital requirements have greatly diminished the avail-ability of credit for consumers, result-ing in increased costs and prices for families and small businesses. To address these concerns, H.R. 4296 limits the burden of operational risk capital requirements to a bank’s cur-rent activities and businesses and per-mits adjustments to lessen operational risk. This will ensure that banks are holding increased capital more effi-ciently and will expand the credit mar-ket to better meet the needs of hard-working Americans. Let me be clear: This bill does not eliminate operational risk capital re-quirements but, prudently, ensures that requirements are forward-looking and appropriately tailored to a bank’s current financial risk profile. As a key provision of the CHOICE Act, which passed the House in June, I want to thank Mr. L
UETKEMEYER for his per-sistence and continual leadership on this important issue. I urge all of my colleagues to please join us in supporting this common-sense, bipartisan bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In addition to the concerns I have raised about this bill, I also want to mention a change to H.R. 4296 made in the Rules Committee just last night. Because H.R. 4296 makes the 10 larg-est banks more likely to fail, the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office determined that there was a higher likelihood that taxpayer funds would be used to wind down a megabank. To offset these costs, Republicans have taken funds from the Federal Reserve’s surplus account. So what is the Fed’s capital surplus account? Effectively, it is a rainy-day fund intended to ensure adequate cap-ital is available to absorb possible losses. Several stakeholders have raised concerns that, by reducing the Fed’s surplus account, Congress could negatively affect the Federal Reserve’s independence in monetary policy deci-sionmaking by rendering it dependent on Treasury for recapitalization in the event that total Reserve bank capital is depleted. Put simply, this bill not only makes the 10 largest banks more likely to fail, but it also makes it more likely that the Federal Reserve will be unable to address problems in the financial sys-tem going forward. I would like to also mention that, in a letter opposing this bill, the Center for American Progress highlighted, again, several budgetary consider-ations we should keep in mind as we debate this bill. And, of course, I have either mentioned or alluded to it, but it is important that we understand that the Center for American Progress is very concerned, and the CBO also projects, that H.R. 4296 will increase the deficit due to an increase in ex-pected losses to the Federal Govern-ment stemming from an increase in the likelihood of another financial crisis. b1630 The bill would pay for these costs by lowering the Federal Reserve System’s surplus funds, once again treating the Fed like a piggy bank and shifting pri-vately generated losses to the public. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), a very hard-working member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for all of his leadership and for recognizing me to be able to rise in strong support of this bi-partisan legislation introduced by my colleagues on the Financial Services Committee, Congressman B
LAINE  L
UETKEMEYER and Congressman G REG-
ORYMEEKS . Like so many regulations imposed by the 2010 Dodd-Frank law, the current set of operational risk capital require-ments imposed on America’s financial institutions place a one-size-fits-all so-lution on banks, regardless of their capitalization, their various lines of business, and the customers they serve. The current standard under Dodd- Frank requires banks to look back and hold operational risk capital against discontinued business activities or products. In plain English, this means banks are being forced to hold capital to hedge against a fictitious risk of a loan or a product discontinued years ago. This is not an effective way to deter-mine capital requirements, nor is it in line with the real risk these standards are meant to protect consumers from. This is hurting consumers by making credit less available in the market-place, and this especially hurts the small- and medium-size hometown banks that our communities rely on. To my constituents on Long Island, and to hardworking American families across our country, the consequences of these misguided regulations are more costly loans and less available mortgages. These are the financial products that help small-business own-ers expand and hire or help families buy a new home. H.R. 4296 reforms operational risk re-quirements so they can be focused on a bank’s current activities and line of business. This legislation keeps sound standards in place so that banks must avoid risky behavior while also freeing up needed capital so that it can be lent to consumers, not be needlessly held up in a vault to meet a misguided govern-ment mandate. By ensuring that capital standards are transparent, fair, and based on real-life economic conditions, this bi-partisan solution removes a troubling roadblock to capital that would other-wise be allocated to consumers, home-owners, and businesses. Mr. Speaker, I want to again applaud the bipartisan teamwork of my col-leagues BLAINE LUETKEMEYER and G
REGORY MEEKS . I also want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for all of his leadership on this important issue and so many others, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this impor-tant bipartisan bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, early in my statement, I warned that there would be someone who would come on the floor and claim that it was going to hurt community banks, small town banks; and this bill has nothing to do with community banks or small town banks. This is about megabanks. This is about SIFIs. This is about the banks that can cause harm in the whole sys-tem. This is about those banks that we must be concerned about because of the displacement that they can cause, not only in this country, but internation-ally. Mr. Speaker, I just remind you again this has nothing to do with community banks. This has nothing to do with small town banks. This is just the big banks that are significantly important banks. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ), a very thoughtful member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my support for H.R. 4296 and for the bipartisan work of our com-mittee, the work our chairman has helped lead; and I am encouraged that this bill will establish clear guardrails for operational risk capital require-ments and improve U.S. capital frame-work as a whole. This legislation is another example of ensuring regulators work in the best interest of the U.S. economy rather than abiding by international stand-ards that hold American businesses back rather than move them forward. In fact, the very premise of this legis-lation reminds me of a song. I remem-ber when Bill Clinton was running, he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.085 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1313 February 27, 2018 
had a song about: ‘‘Don’t stop thinking about tomorrow. Yesterday is gone; yesterday is gone.’’ It is all about the future. Well, this piece of legislation that is in place today, established by the Basel Committee in 2006, is thinking about tomorrow, is thinking about yesterday. What happened in the past is con-straining what could happen in the fu-ture. So banks are reserving against past losses in an era that holds them from being able to adopt the business plans that maybe even under new leadership, new board members, and a whole new set of governance requirements that will get the company moving forward at a better growth rate. This is better for not just the company, not just the executives or the board members, but the consumers that would be served by this market. Take, for instance, historic losses being reserved against. That capital is sitting there not actively employed in the market. Even the Basel Committee saw how ridiculous this rule is; so they updated their guidance, in 2016, to in-clude historical loss experience as a relevant indicator instead of as the sole factor. It is time that we move forward in the best interests of our country and make rules that help American busi-nesses instead of hold them back. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this vital legislation. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ), a hard-working member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me the time to speak on this important bill and also for his tremendous and strong leadership on our committee. H.R. 4296 would set reasonable stand-ards for regulators that are based pri-marily on the risk posed by a banking organization’s current activities and businesses, not on past activities, as you have heard. Operational risk standards were cre-ated and are a product of the European Basel Committee and have been amended twice, actually, since that time. But their adaptation still doesn’t hit the mark, and that is why, though the Basel Committee’s proposal is well intentioned, this bill and this proposal will amend that to tailor it to the needs and to the effectiveness and effi-ciency of our banks. The current framework is based on past activity and will hold operational capital on discontinued products, prod-ucts that banks don’t even have in their portfolios. This bill will correct those errors by allowing our U.S.-based financial regulators to tailor the cap-ital requirements they need based on their unique business model. H.R. 4296 limits the burden of oper-ational risk capital requirements to a bank’s current activities and busi-nesses, gives the bank the ability to de-termine risk under forward-looking as-sessment, and would permit adjust-ment on risk-mitigating factors. This bill, as you have heard over and over, does not eliminate the Federal Government’s ability to assess oper-ational risk or alter the regulators’ au-thority to set capital requirements when doing business on high-risk cus-tomers. Mr. LUETKEMEYER ’s bipartisan legis-lation would create a commonsense re-form to the Basel standards, and I urge all Members to support it. I also want to thank Congressman M
EEKS , a fellow New Yorker, for co-sponsoring this legislation. Again, I want to thank Mr. Chairman for his great work on our committee and also Mr. L
UETKEMEYER for his hard work, his bipartisan work on this bill, for a person who is a banker, a business person from a rural area of our country who really understands the need to protect consumers. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ). The gentlewoman from Cali-fornia has 9
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let’s put aside the com-plex terminology we often use with Fi-nancial Services legislation and call this bill what it really is: a short-sight-ed giveaway to Wall Street megabanks. Approximately ten banks we are talking about, the very largest banks in our Nation, have to abide by oper-ational risk standards under an en-hanced framework. They are required to maintain this additional capital so when they continue to engage in risky behavior, like opening millions of fake accounts to drive up profits, they will not immediately become insolvent, sparking a financial crisis. And may I just stop here for a mo-ment and say: it is odd that, given the information that we have discovered about some of our megabanks, particu-larly Wells Fargo, that was involved not only in creating fake accounts, false accounts in their clients’ names, but also selling them basically insur-ance that they did not need, I am won-dering why my friends on the opposite side of the aisle are not more con-cerned about this operational risk that they take. For example, when we talk about operational risk, include in that the fines, the fines that we have placed on Wells Fargo and other banks that have been caught committing fraud on its clients. It seems to me that this would be taken into consideration, and I don’t think they are going to stop. We have gone through a crisis. In 2008, we had this meltdown. We had a recession, almost a depression. We had to bail out all of these banks, yet we have Members, particularly on the op-posite side of the aisle, who are doing everything that they can to go back to some of the practices that will cause us to be in the same situation we found ourselves in in 2008. So I would just simply say that this attempt to basically say: don’t look at our past, no matter how bad we have been, no matter how many fines have been placed on them, forget about that. We don’t like that. So in saying that, what they are basi-cally saying is they are going to create more risk and they are going to put banks in the position of possibly fail-ing. So with that, I would just like us not to forget that our current operational risk capital standards didn’t come out of nowhere. They are still recovering from the 2007 to 2009 financial crisis, which was largely caused by unsafe practices by large internationally ac-tive megabanks and inadequate regula-tion that ignored past misconduct and risky activities. The crisis stripped wealth from mil-lions of American families and de-stroyed the economy. Since we passed the Dodd-Frank Act and the regulators have implemented standards from the international Basel III accord, includ-ing our operational risk capital rules, we have made tremendous progress to create a better capitalized and more stable banking system, and this is bearing results. Megabanks have experienced record- breaking profits for the past several years. Now they expect us to believe that these commonsense rules that take into account their previous behav-ior was keeping them from providing more affordable credit to hardworking consumers in search of the American Dream? As I mentioned earlier, a bank can still make loans to credit-worthy con-sumers while funding those loans with capital instead of debt. b1645 Operational capital is not cash locked away at night, but, rather, it is the value of a bank’s assets minus its liabilities or debts. A well-capitalized bank that has adequate sources of funding can accommodate losses with-out reducing its lending. In fact, it would be able to lend in good times and in bad. We should direct the regulators over-seeing megabanks like Wells Fargo with its years of numerous consumer abuses and JPMorgan Chase with its London Whale trading scandal not to ignore these past failures and put our constituents at risk. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle are rushing through deregula-tory measures to help their friends on Wall Street. But Congress must not forget that it was hardworking con-sumers across the country who paid dearly for Wall Street’s faults in the last financial crisis. So I would urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. I am very pleased that while my col-leagues on the opposite side of the aisle keep talking about this being a bipar-tisan bill and they mention Mr. M
EEKS ’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.087 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1314 February 27, 2018 
name from New York, et cetera, we have the support of the Congressional Progressive Caucus and the Congres-sional Black Caucus in opposition to this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ), who is a member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support of this legislation because I think it addresses a fundamental flaw in how we have looked at operational risk capital. Fundamentally, we want banks to hold capital necessary for the risks they are taking today and the likely risks that they may incur losses into the future. By purely looking back-wards, we are driving down the Inter-state in the financial system driving by looking in the rearview mirror only. That is a terrible mistake by only looking at past risks instead of the risks they have today. If we want to encourage institutions to become less risky, then we need to ensure that they can reduce the amount of capital buffer if they are doing less risky activities. This is basi-cally incentivizing the right behavior. If we continue to say to institutions: You are going to be penalized for the past irrespective of what you may be doing today, irrespective of the less risk you may be taking into the future, then we are essentially providing them no incentive to become less risky. I think the lesson after 2008 is mak-ing sure that we allow the free markets and institutions to act with the right incentives, not the wrong incentives. We want them to become less risky over time by their own decisions and by their own elections. This doesn’t change anything about the basic operational risk capital that they must maintain, except that it says it should match what they are doing today and the activities that they are going to be engaged on in the future. So I do think this is commonsense legislation. I do think this is a thoughtful response to a genuine prob-lem that I hear about back home in In-diana frequently. So I continue to sup-port H.R. 4296, and I urge all of my col-leagues to do the same. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 5
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, for the perhaps two dozen people who are watching us on C– SPAN at the moment, I think it is im-portant to add a little bit of clarity to what we are debating here. What we are debating is: What is the proper capital level for a federally in-sured financial institution? We know that if that capital level is set too low, then perhaps the financial institution could fail. If it is set too high, then they will not have the cap-ital to help fund the American Dream— car loans, home loans, and small busi-ness loans. So we have heard a lot about a very simple bill that helps clarify one of perhaps two dozen different capital lev-els that are already applicable to our banking institutions, the total loss-ab-sorbing capacity, the supplementary leverage ratio, the enhanced supple-mentary leverage ratio, the liquidity coverage ratio, the G-SIB surcharge, and the list goes on and on and on. We are talking, about, Mr. Speaker, one capital level, the operational cap-ital—operational risk capital. So, num-ber one, there are a multitude of dif-ferent capital levels and liquidity lev-els that are already applied to our fi-nancial institutions. What we are saying is, if we are measuring operational risk, we should focus on current risks. Then, if in doubt, Mr. Speaker, I always rec-ommend that Members actually read the bills that are being debated. It is an always helpful exercise. If you would actually read the bill, you would discover in section 1 of the bill, Mr. LUETKEMEYER ’s bill says that oper-ational risk capital is based primarily on the risks posed by a banking organi-zations’ current activities and busi-ness. If you look at subparagraph (3) of paragraph (a), it says: ‘‘ . . . which is not solely based on a banking organiza-tion’s historic losses.’’ So it is not prohibited to look at his-toric facts, but, primarily, we must be focused on the current operational risk. As I used earlier in the debate the analogy of who would want their life insurance premiums based on the fact that in an earlier point in their life they were a skydiver or a scuba diver and now today they are facing life as an accountant? Those are different risk profiles. If you build a home 4 feet below sea level, yet you sell that home, I doubt you want your flood insurance pre-miums based on the home that you al-ready sold. It makes no sense. As I also said earlier in this debate, when it comes to proper levels of cap-ital, as Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell stated earlier today before our committee, safety and soundness con-siderations trump all. The regulators have the power to adjust the capital levels. Now, this friend on the other side of the aisle talks about, oh, my God, this is a huge risk to the economy. It is $22 million. Now, that is real money. But, Mr. Speaker, we all know that is not even a rounding error here; $22 million over the 10-year budget window is ap-proximately a $2 million risk. And from the Congressional Budget Office report, they say that it is a small, small chance that the FDIC would incur additional costs. So this is not creating more risk to the system. What we are trying to do is calibrate the appropriate risk. If we are going to measure operational risk as opposed to the other 20-some odd capital levels, then we ought to be focused on current risk, because if we are not, Mr. Speak-er, hardworking Americans are losing current credit opportunities in order to pay for past operational risk. That is not right, that is not fair, and that is not smart. We ought to ensure that we have the proper capital level not only to make sure that we have a safe and sound fi-nancial system but to make sure that we are capitalizing the American Dream for our constituents. My constituents in the Fifth District of Texas, who live in places like Min-eola and Forney, who are desperately trying to fund their American Dream and put that down payment on a first house, we have got to make sure that they are able to. So many Americans are living pay-check to paycheck. They need these credit opportunities, Mr. Speaker. Let’s calibrate one capital ratio prop-erly. Let’s add a little common sense, and let’s not allow the good people in Basel, Switzerland—as good as they may be—de facto impose what is an ir-rational capital system on our banking system as we are trying to help our small businesses and our families. So, Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 4296, a strong bipartisan bill to help credit opportuni-ties for all families. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ). All time for debate has ex-pired. Pursuant to House Resolution 747, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recom-mit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I am opposed to the bill in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Maxine Waters of California moves to recommit the bill H.R. 4296 to the Com-mittee on Financial Services with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: In section 1(b)(2), redesignate subpara-graphs (A), (B), (C), (D), and (E) as clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), and (v), respectively, and adjust the margins accordingly. Page 2, line 16, strike ‘‘means—’’ and insert the following: ‘‘— (A) means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.089 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1315 February 27, 2018 
Page 3, line 7, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 3, after line 7, insert the following: (B) does not include a global systemically important bank holding company or any sub-sidiary thereof, if the global systemically important bank holding company or any sub-sidiary thereof has engaged in a pattern or practice of unsafe or unsound banking prac-tices and other violations related to con-sumer harm. (3) F
EDERAL CONSUMER FINANCIAL LAW .— The term ‘‘Federal consumer financial law’’ has the meaning given that term under sec-tion 1002 of the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481). (4) G
LOBAL SYSTEMICALLY IMPORTANT BANK  
HOLDING COMPANY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘global system-ically important bank holding company’’ means— (i) a bank holding company that has been identified by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as a global system-ically important bank holding company pur-suant to section 217.402 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations; and (ii) a global systemically important for-eign banking organization, as defined under section 252.2 of title 12, Code of Federal Reg-ulations. (B) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING GSIBS .—A com- pany or organization described under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) on the date of the enactment of this Act shall be deemed a global systemically important bank holding company for purposes of this Act. (5) P
ATTERN OR PRACTICE OF UNSAFE OR UN -
SOUND BANKING PRACTICES AND OTHER VIOLA -
TIONS RELATED TO CONSUMER HARM .—The term ‘‘pattern or practice of unsafe or un-sound banking practices and other violations related to consumer harm’’ means engaging in all of the following activities, to the ex-tent each activity was discovered or oc-curred at least once in the 10 years preceding the date of the enactment of this Act: (A) Having unsafe or unsound practices in the institution’s risk management and over-sight of the institution’s sales practices, as evidenced by— (i) an institution lacking an enterprise- wide sales practices oversight program that enables the institution to adequately mon-itor sales practices to prevent and detect un-safe or unsound sales practices and mitigate risks that may result from such unsafe and unsound sales practices; and (ii) an institution lacking a comprehensive customer complaint monitoring process that— (I) enables the institution to assess cus-tomer complaint activity across the institu-tion; (II) adequately monitors, manages, and re-ports on customer complaints; and (III) analyzes and understands the poten-tial risks posed by the institution’s sales practices. (B) Engaging in unsafe and unsound sales practices, as evidenced by the institution— (i) opening more than one million unau-thorized deposit, credit card, or other ac-counts; (ii) performing unauthorized transfers of customer funds; and (iii) performing unauthorized credit inquir-ies for purposes of the conduct described in clause (i) or (ii). (C) Lacking adequate oversight of third- party vendors for purposes of risk-mitiga-tion, to prevent abusive and deceptive prac-tices in the vendor’s provision of consumer products or services. (D) Having deficient policies and proce-dures for sharing customers’ personal identi-fiable information with third-party vendors for litigation purposes that led to inad-vertent disclosure of such information to un-intended parties. (E) Violating Federal consumer financial laws with respect to mortgage loans, includ-ing charges of hidden fees and unauthorized or improper disclosures tied to home mort-gage loan modifications. (F) Engaging in unsafe or unsound banking practices related to residential mortgage loan servicing and foreclosure processing. (G) Violating the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amend-ment to the bill which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately pro-ceed to final passage, as amended. We have talked at length today about how H.R. 4296 is a bill for Wall Street megabanks, and I deeply disagree with the bill’s approach. So I offer this mo-tion to recommit not in a manner that sends the bill to the committee and kills the bill, but, rather, to attempt to improve the bill before the House votes on final passage of the measure. Let’s discuss the elephant in the room. We all know megabanks have been given a free ride in Washington for far too long. During the savings and loan crisis, the government had no problem throwing bankers in jail for breaking the law. Over 1,000 bank ex-ecutives were prosecuted. But now megabanks just get a fine, a slap on the wrist, for harming consumers. Since 2010, megabanks have racked up over $160 billion worth of fines, yet they keep breaking the law. We have talked about Wells Fargo’s growing list of illegal actions that have harmed millions of consumers. Sure they have been fined, but these fines are just the cost of doing business. This soft en-forcement approach is just increasing their operational risk and losses, which, at the end of the day, will im-pact not only all of their customers, but the broader economy as well. I hope Republicans and Democrats can all agree that any megabank that engages in a pattern or practice of un-safe or unsound banking practices and other egregious violations that has re-sulted in profound consumer harm in the last 10 years is not entitled to any benefit of regulatory relief provided under this bill. So my amendment excludes a megabank like Wells Fargo that has fraudulently opened millions of ac-counts without their customers’ con-sent, enrolled consumers in life insur-ance policies without their consent, and forced nearly 1 million Americans to purchase automobile insurance that they didn’t even need. Since 2016, I have been calling for Wells Fargo to face real penalties. Last year, I introduced H.R. 3937, the Megabank Accountability and Con-sequences Act, to compel the Federal bank regulators to fully utilize exist-ing authorities to stop these megabanks from repeatedly flouting the law and harming millions of con-sumers. So I was glad to see Janet Yellen on her last day at the Federal Reserve take bold action to cap the bank’s size until it cleans up its act. I am talking about Wells Fargo. This is what Janet Yellen did on her last day at the Fed-eral Reserve. But we must do more to send a strong message to all megabanks that there will be real consequences for their bad actions that mislead, abuse, or deceive its customers. H.R. 4296, in its current form, would send the opposite message to recidivist megabanks. They should not reap the profit of easier operational capital re-quirements while their operational breakdowns are only increasing. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt this motion to recommit so that we do not reward a recidivist megabank like Wells Fargo for re-peated operational failures that ripped off millions of consumers. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, again, there are roughly two dozen dif-ferent capital and liquidity levels that are applied to our banks. We are talk-ing about, one, operational capital, and whether or not operational risk capital ought to be based on current risk. Now, I know my friend on the other side of the aisle always likes to wave the Wells Fargo flag. Wells Fargo needs to be held accountable. There needs to be justice for all who have been wronged. There have been roughly $142 million now paid in restitution. There have been over $200 million in fines paid. b1700 The board of Wells Fargo has been re-placed. The CEO was fired, and the Federal Reserve capped their growth, all under existing authorities. But under this motion to recommit, potentially, other financial institu-tions could be included. It is not the fi-nancial institution that counts, at the end of the day. It is capital that could be used to fund car loans. It is capital that could be used to fund homes. It is capital that could be used to fund the next Apple or the next Amazon. In-stead, that capital would be put onto the sidelines. Again, we are talking about oper-ational risk capital only and should it be calibrated for current risk or past risk. That is a completely different 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.048 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1316 February 27, 2018 
issue from ensuring that customers of Wells Fargo, who clearly have been wronged, receive justice and that Wells Fargo has been held accountable. Again, I would point out this might not have happened if the CFPB under the previous administration had been doing their business. They should have caught this. But they didn’t. Instead, it was the LA Times and the Los Angeles city attorney. The CFPB was asleep at the wheel under the previous adminis-tration. So, again, there is existing authority. But if the regulators and then-Director Cordray had been doing their job, this wouldn’t have happened. The evidence was there and it was simply over-looked. We see way too many instances of that, Mr. Chair. Again, we want to properly calibrate one capital level, operational risk cap-ital. That is what the bill of the gen-tleman from Missouri does. We should not be confused about the jihad against banks, because banks, ultimately, are still funding the American Dream. You punish our constituents, you punish small businesses every time you need-lessly take away capital that can fund their American dreams. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the motion to recommit. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ’s bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 185, nays 228, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 88] YEAS—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NAYS—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—17 
Black Carter (TX) Cleaver Cramer Cummings Engel Huizenga Long Payne Pearce Smith (WA) Speier Torres Trott Vela´zquez Walz Wilson (FL 
b1728 Messrs. RUTHERFORD, COLE, REED, GROTHMAN, YODER, STIV-ERS, and DIAZ-BALART changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. COHEN, KHANNA, and RICH-MOND changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 88. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 245, nays 169, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 89] YEAS—245 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Mar 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\H27FE8.REC H27FE8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1317 February 27, 2018 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—169 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Black Carter (TX) Cleaver Cramer Cummings Curbelo (FL) Engel Huizenga Long Payne Pearce Smith (WA) Speier Torres Trott Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1737 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ALLOW STATES AND VICTIMS TO FIGHT ONLINE SEX TRAF-FICKING ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 748 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1865. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) kindly take the chair. b1739 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1865) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforce-ment against providers and users of interactive computer services of Fed-eral and State criminal and civil law relating to sexual exploitation of chil-dren or sex trafficking, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 3 printed in House Re-port 115–583, offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MRS . MIMI 
WALTERS OF CALIFORNIA  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–583, offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 308, noes 107, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 90] AYES—308 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Arrington Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro Demings Denham Dent DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Dunn Ellison Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.050 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1318 February 27, 2018 
Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOES—107 
Allen Amash Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Bergman Beyer Biggs Blum Bonamici Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Capuano Carson (IN) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Comer Davidson Davis, Danny DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Eshoo Farenthold Ferguson Foster Foxx Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Garrett Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Harris Heck Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hudson Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (LA) Jones Jordan Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Khanna Kildee King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lamborn Lee Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lynch Massie McClintock McGovern McNerney Meadows Moore Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Palazzo Palmer Perry Pocan Raskin Ratcliffe Richmond Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rouzer Rush Sanford Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Takano Titus Tsongas Walker Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—15 
Black Carter (TX) Cleaver Cramer Cummings Engel Huizenga Long Payne Pearce Smith (WA) Speier Torres Trott Walz 
b1746 Ms. GABBARD changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. EVANS, BROWN of Mary-land, GRIJALVA, D
EFAZIO, ZELDIN, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, and Mr. GUTIER-REZ changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 1865) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex-ual exploitation of children or sex traf-ficking, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 748, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 388, noes 25, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 91] AYES—388 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—25 
Amash Beyer Biggs Davidson DeSaulnier Duncan (SC) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.051 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1319 February 27, 2018 
Eshoo Gaetz Gosar Griffith Huffman Jayapal Jones Khanna Labrador Lee Lofgren Massie McClintock Rohrabacher Sanford Scott (VA) Takano Watson Coleman Williams 
NOT VOTING—17 
Black Carter (TX) Cleaver Cramer Cummings Engel Huizenga Long Payne Pearce Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Speier Torres Trott Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1759 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 91. 
f 
FIGHT ONLINE SEX TRAFFICKING (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, sex traf-ficking is a modern-day slavery that violates the human rights of nearly 21 million victims every year. It is a rampant crime, committed around the world, but what many don’t realize is that human trafficking is unfortu-nately a big problem right here in the United States. Online trafficking is booming be-cause there are no serious legal con-sequences for the websites that exploit or profit from the exploitation of inno-cent and vulnerable young children. Websites like backpage.com are able to evade responsibility for their role in trafficking in this industry as they continue to profit from ads selling girls for sex. That is why I am a cosponsor of H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, bi-partisan legislation that will give Fed-eral, State, and local prosecutors the tools that they need to hold websites accountable for supporting this horren-dous industry and help put an end to the online sale of trafficking victims. 
f 
PASS THE ASSAULT WEAPONS BAN OF 2018 (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, Sandy Hook, Orlando, Las Vegas, Sutherland Springs, and now Parkland. The com-mon denominator between all these awful tragedies has been the use of as-sault weapons. Built to kill, these customizable weapons have allowed gunmen to slaughter dozens of inno-cent people swiftly, easily, and with no special training. Since the ban on assault weapons lapsed in 2004, far too many of these weapons have ended up in the wrong hands. There is no one solution to re-ducing the mass shootings and other forms of gun violence in our Nation, but reinstating the ban on assault weapons would be a critical first step. I urge all of my House colleagues to put public safety before the gun lobby and pass the Assault Weapons Ban of 2018 to keep weapons of war off the streets and out of our schools. I have heard from students across Maine who want to feel safe in their schools. They do not want their class-rooms to look and feel like prisons. They do not want to live in fear that someone could enter their school with a firearm that is capable of commit-ting mass murder. We owe it to the generation of students who are growing up against a backdrop of lockdown drills and mass shootings. We need to act like adults and protect them by banning assault weapons. f 
STOLEN: THE INNOCENCE OF A CHILD (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Jane was 9 years old—9—when she was first trafficked in Brownsville, Texas. For 3 years, Maria Losoya trafficked the child. That is her right there. She traf-ficked Jane from town to town in south Texas. Losoya filled her own pockets by selling Jane at the marketplace of modern-day sex slavery. Mr. Speaker, filthy criminals steal children like Jane’s youth, innocence, and they try to steal their souls. Jane’s story finally came to light when she alerted authorities at her school in 2015. Now she is trying to cope with the guilt and shame of her past. Mr. Speaker, it is not Jane who should be ashamed; it is the dastardly human traffickers like Maria Losoya who should be ashamed. That is why my legislation, the Shame Act, gives Federal judges the ability to publish the names and photographs of con-victed buyers and sellers of our chil-dren. Buyers and sellers will no longer be able to hide in plain sight under the cloak of being anonymous. Those who sell and buy the innocence of children should be shamed for all to see. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
MISSILE DEFENSE FUNDING FOR ISRAEL (Mrs. MURPHY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, today I am filing a bipartisan bill to ensure our ally Israel has adequate missile defenses. Threats to Israel come from Hezbollah in Lebanon, the Assad re-gime in Syria, Hamas in Gaza, and Iran. Each has an arsenal that can tar-get Israel. The U.S. and Israel recently signed an agreement that the U.S. would provide Israel with $500 million a year in missile defense funding and that Israel can seek additional support when the two nations agree exceptional circumstances exist. My bill would codify this law. This would affirm Congress’ recognition that the $500 million is a floor, not a ceiling, and signal Congress’ intent to provide more funds where conditions on the ground justify it. My bill re-flects the view that the term ‘‘excep-tional circumstances’’ should be inter-preted in a reasonable and not overly restrictive manner. Providing Israel with additional missile defense funding could deter Israel’s foes from launching an attack and help prevent conflict. The goal of my bill is to preserve the peace and to ensure that Israel prevails if its enemies choose the path of war. f 
REMEMBERING REVEREND BILLY GRAHAM (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, Roxanne and I will be forever grateful for the positive impact Rev-erend Billy Graham has had for Amer-ican families and the world. Reverend Graham had the amazing ability to di-gest the stories and lessons in the Bible and relay that information in ways that were understandable, relatable, and powerful. He was followed and adored by mil-lions across the world but still re-mained humble, with his home in Montreat in the beautiful mountains of western North Carolina, from Grand-father Mountain to Cashiers, where Psalms 72 proclaims the mountain shall bring peace. Over 200 million people worldwide at-tended his crusades in over 185 coun-tries. In 1987, our family was grateful to participate in the crusade organized by Harry Dent in Columbia, South Carolina. Reverend Graham’s accomplishments outside of his ministry were inspiring. In 1983, he was awarded the Presi-dential Medal of Freedom award by President Ronald Reagan; and in 1996, he and his wife, Ruth, together were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian honor. That was also followed by the outpouring of love for Reverend Billy Graham, which will serve as a reminder for his family and staff of how much he was admired and respected. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may we never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
SECURING AMERICA’S ELECTIONS (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.052 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1320 February 27, 2018 
Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, the De-partment of Homeland Security has confirmed that 21 State electoral sys-tems were targeted in the 2016 election, revealing vulnerabilities and jeopard-izing the integrity of our elections and our democracy as people lose con-fidence that their vote matters and that it will actually and accurately be counted. In 2016, DEF CON, the world’s largest hacking conference, revealed startling vulnerabilities in our election’s infra-structure. We must take action now to safeguard our electoral infrastructure and ensure that each and every Amer-ican vote is counted accurately. I am introducing the Securing Amer-ica’s Elections Act, which will not only provide the American people with a voter-verified, reliable, and inde-pendent paper record of their votes that can be implemented before the 2018 elections but will also address the effectiveness and security of our elec-tronic voting software. We must act now to secure our elec-tions and renew our citizens’ faith in the integrity of those elections. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARIA DELITHA GREEN (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, as Black History Month draws to a close, I wanted to recognize one of my con-stituents who left her own mark on history. Just 2 days ago, on February 25, 2018, Beaver County lost one of its treasures. A Mississippi native and alumni of Viterbo University in La Crosse, Wis-consin, Maria Delitha Green, fondly known as Dee, received a registered nursing license from the St. Francis School of Nursing in 1954. In 1955, she moved to Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania, where she was hired on at Providence Hospital as the first African-American registered nurse in Beaver County. Eventually, she was promoted to head nurse. Dee faced many obstacles as an Afri-can-American nurse in the 1950s, such as the reality of segregated dormitory housing. However, she did not let those barriers discourage her, believing that people would accept her for who she was. A trailblazer and diligent worker, Dee loved her job and continued her ca-reer as a nurse for 36 years, until she retired in 1990. She was a blessing to those with whom she came in contact and remained a caregiver until her health declined at the end of 2017. We are grateful for her decades of exem-plary service and the outstanding model that she was. May God grant her eternal rest, and may her family be consoled with many blessed memories. GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the question is: When? In 2017, there were 11,600 deaths linked to gun violence. In 2017, nearly four 911 attacks. There were more than 15,000 killed by gun vi-olence in 2016. There were 383 mass shootings. The United States ranks number one in the world in terms of firearms per capita. The problem is so epidemic that gun violence is now the third leading cause of death of our children, which includes those dear souls who died in Florida just a couple of weeks ago. We heard those children’s voices. We have heard many voices. So let me explain to the American people: no one is grabbing the Second Amendment. I honor the amendments of this Nation. For your information, in order to change an amendment, you need a two-thirds vote of both the House and the Senate and three-quar-ters of the States. The last time we changed an amendment was 1933, where we repealed the prohibition amend-ment. This is a cause of the heart and the mind. It is not a Second Amendment debate. It is a debate on sensible gun legislation to save lives. Ban bump stocks. Extend the waiting period. Ensure that multiple munitions are banned and automatic weapons are banned. When is there going to be, Mr. Speak-er, the coming together of a bipartisan effort to save the lives of our children? Enough is enough. We need to answer the call. Our children are dying. 
f 
HONORING REVEREND BILLY GRAHAM (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and min-istry of Billy Graham. Billy Graham shared a simple message of the good news of salvation through Jesus. He never tired nor wavered from the story of how, as humans, we all have a rela-tionship problem with God because of sin in our lives. But God loves us so much that He doesn’t give up on us. In fact, God has offered us an escape from the punishment due for our sin through the free gift of salvation, a gift that we can receive but we cannot earn because Jesus paid the price for our sins when He gave his life on the cross. Jesus overcame death; and through faith in Christ, we can, too. Billy Graham shared this message out of a deep love for God and his fel-low man. Not for fame. Not for fortune. I thank God for the ministry of Billy Graham and the example he lived. May God comfort his family and a grateful nation as we mourn his loss, and may we never tire of sharing the good news of Christ. f 
b1815 HOPE IN THE WAKE OF SENSELESS TRAGEDY (Mr. GOMEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about something that gives me hope in the wake of the senseless trage-dies and attacks on our communities: the power of students to change the course of history. Fifty years ago this week, 15,000 stu-dents in East Los Angeles rose up in solidarity to demand culturally rel-evant education, better facilities, and diverse teachers. I rise in honor of those students from Wilson, Lincoln, Roosevelt, and Belmont High Schools, who started a movement that would be known as the East Los Angeles walk-outs. I also rise in honor of current student activists everywhere. Student activism has always been a powerful response to social injustice, that when those in power fail to listen or to act in the in-terests of all people, it is time for a new generation of Americans to speak up, walk out, and organize. Whether you were in East Los Ange-les in 1968 or in Parkland, Florida, in 2018, you will be heard, you will be re-membered, and you will become the change that we all seek. 
f 
MICHAEL KENNY NAMED 2018 GRAND MARSHAL OF SAVAN-NAH’S ST. PATRICK’S DAY PA-RADE (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Mr. Mi-chael Kenny for being named the 2018 grand marshal of the Savannah St. Patrick’s Day Parade, the second larg-est St. Patrick’s Day Parade in the United States. It is important for ev-eryone in Savannah, but most specifi-cally, it is important for the Savannah Irish. Savannah has a historically large Irish community, integral to the fabric of our city, and the St. Patrick’s Day Parade is a direct result of this impact. The first public observance of the holi-day began in 1824, and now the parade has around 280 bands, families, soldiers, and floats, all marching through the streets of Savannah. A family affair, the Kenny family owns a successful local roofing com-pany and has worked with the parade for over 40 years. His father, Nicolas Kenny, Jr., was the grand marshal in 1978. In past years, the committee has cho-sen between many candidates for grand 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.103 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1321 February 27, 2018 
marshal, but this year, Mr. Kenny was the only person nominated, a testa-ment to the support and respect he maintains throughout Savannah. Mr. Speaker, I know that Mr. Kenny will do a great job with this year’s fes-tivities, and I look forward to the cele-bration. 
f 
SNAP PROVIDES FOOD SECURITY (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, for 40 years, Congress has funded the bipar-tisan Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program. For close to 42 million Americans, SNAP provides food security and the freedom to choose what you want to eat, from fresh fruits and vegetables to milk and meat, to sandwich bread and even ice cream sandwiches. But last week, the Trump adminis-tration released a budget proposal that would gut this critical lifeline by a third and completely change what food they get and how they get it. Instead of being able to go to the store and select fresh food at the super-market, the corner market, the rural market, or even the farmer’s market, half the benefits would now come in a periodic delivery of a cardboard box filled with cheap peanut butter, canned goods, uncooked pasta, dry cereal, and something called shelf-stable milk. I get that we want to get people who can work to work, but on the central coast of California, 63,000 people rely on over $127 million worth of SNAP benefits to meet their own family’s needs. Those same benefits provide local businesses with over $227 million in economic activity. That is why the ad-ministration’s proposal to change SNAP won’t work for the families and the store owners that I represent, and it will not work for many of the Ameri-cans that you represent. 
f 
BIPARTISAN SOLUTIONS TO REVISE FISA PROCESS (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, in the United States of America, cash at a po-litical party should never be convert-ible to a warrant to spy on American citizens. Because I expect Republicans and Democrats will both be empowered at some point in the future, we should be looking for bipartisan solutions to re-vise the FISA process so that what happened to President Trump never happens to a future American Presi-dent. I went looking for solutions, and I found that, in 2013, the gentleman from California, the ranking member of the Intelligence Committee, wanted to give the President of the United States the power to appoint FISA judges. He ar-gued that then judges would be more ideologically diverse. They would come from different areas in the United States, and they would be subject to Senate confirmation. Today, I filed that legislation, and I would encourage the gentleman from California to join me as a cosponsor so that we could advance bipartisan legis-lation to improve the FISA process, be-cause, Mr. Speaker, if it was good enough to give President Obama these powers, it is good enough to give Presi-dent Trump these powers. f 
MAKING ENDING GUN VIOLENCE A PRIORITY (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, we don’t want to go to school in a prison. That was the message I heard today from five incredible stu-dents from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. As they get ready for their school to reopen, what kind of school will we be sending them and all of our children back to? It should not be one of armed teachers. They should be there to teach. What they need are real solu-tions. Military-style assault weapons and high-capacity magazines are designed for the sole purpose of killing as many people as possible. They have no place on our streets. No matter what gun you are buying, nobody should be able to complete a purchase without clearing a back-ground check. That is common sense. But Republicans are refusing to act because the NRA and gun manufactur-ers value profits over safety. That is not right. The students told me today that they want to make ending gun violence a priority for their generation, and that means acting today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ALAN WILLIAMSON OF GREENE, NEW YORK (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alan Williamson from Greene, New York, in New York’s 22nd District. Alan Williamson is a true craftsman who keeps history and tradition alive through his business ventures in Greene. Each of his businesses is in-spired by trades that are slowly becom-ing a lost art in our country. Alan runs an antique sawmill, a shin-gle machine, a shoelace business, a rope-making business, and a broom- making business. Alan recently created a one-of-a-kind broom for President Trump. It is alter-nating red and white, with stars wrapped up the handle. The ‘‘Presi-dential Broom’’ is fitted perfectly in-side a wooden and glass case that Alan also crafted. Mr. Speaker, I wish Alan the best of luck and hope that his beautiful, patri-otic, and handcrafted broom makes it to the White House. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF REGINA FARR ROSS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Ms. Regina Farr Ross, lovingly known in her North Side, Fort Worth community as Big Mama. Ms. Ross was born in Fort Worth, Texas, on the Fourth of July in 1914 in Stick Town, which was a Fort Worth neighborhood. She attended Ninth Ward Elementary School and grad-uated from historic I.M. Terrell High School in Fort Worth. She worked as a dishwasher and a general helper for several restaurants, including the famous Pig Stand drive- in, the Farmer’s Daughter, and the Cattlemen’s Steakhouse in the stock-yards, where she spent 39 years and re-tired at the age of 80. Ms. Ross was active in the commu-nity and volunteered her time to teach young children how to read, and on her birthday, every Independence Day, she had a huge party on Prospect Avenue in the North Side near the stockyards for everybody to come out and cele-brate. Through her membership with the Association of Community Organiza-tions for Reform Now, she traveled across the East Coast advocating for lower utility rates for senior citizens. On Wednesday, January 31, Ms. Ross passed away at her home at the age of 103. She is survived by five daughters, two sons, hundreds of grand-, great-, great-great-, and great-great-great- grandchildren. I know the Fort Worth community will miss seeing Big Mama from her porch, waving to every passerby while she sits in her favorite chair. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO REVEREND BILLY GRAHAM (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the life and leg-acy of Reverend Billy Graham. He was America’s pastor. He was a humble man, and he devoted his life to helping people of all backgrounds discover the true peace and joy found in the life of service to Jesus Christ. Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of prob-lems to solve in this country, much of which are too deep for mere legisla-tion. We need prayer more than we need policy solutions. We need repent-ance more than we need reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.105 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1322 February 27, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, we need God more than we need government. Billy Graham un-derstood that. We need more of what Billy Graham talked about for six decades, that sim-ple story that God so loved the world that He gave His only son to die for us, and that if we believed that, we would have eternal life with Him. That is what we need. Thank God for Billy Graham. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BRIAN FRASER (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Brian Fra-ser, who attended the Route 91 Festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Brian loved adventures. He enjoyed hunting, deep-sea fishing, snowboarding, and above all, attending the sporting events of his four kids. When he wasn’t working as the vice president of sales at Greenpath, he was out flying a plane with his newly earned pilot’s license. Brian was known for being willing to help anyone and everyone. He loved giving back to the community and acted as a mentor for so many. He will be remembered for his love and passion for his children and family. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Brian Fraser’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the entire country grieve with you. 
f 
THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF REVEREND BILLY GRAHAM The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, to-night, the U.S. House is joining to-gether to begin honoring a man known worldwide but who embodied the hu-mility of who Christ called the poor in spirit, Reverend Billy Graham. Tomorrow, Reverend Billy Graham will be just the fourth person in the history of this great country to be laid in honor in the United States Capitol. But tonight, we want to briefly try to describe the life of this man, his min-istry, his impact on the Nation and on the world, the impact he has had on all of our lives. I am so grateful for the outpouring of support from my many colleagues who are wanting to join tonight to remem-ber and to celebrate the amazing life of Billy Graham. I want to get to my col-leagues immediately, and then hope-fully have a couple minutes to wrap up at the end of this hour. I want to first yield to my good friend, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ) to share with us. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) for arranging this op-portunity for us to remember the life and legacy of Dr. Billy Graham, al-though I have to say it is not an easy task to find words that sum up his life, not because Billy Graham is not wor-thy, but because words and a few sen-tences seem incapable of describing a life that had such a large impact on, literally, the entire world. I had the great opportunity to meet Dr. Graham just a few feet from here several years ago at one of the many Presidential inaugurations he at-tended. b1830 While I only had that chance to meet him one time, Billy Graham was one of those people whom you felt like you knew. His honesty and his openness in preaching the gospel made him seem like a close, personal friend. I have fond memories growing up in my hometown of Haleyville, Alabama, of being at my grandparents’ home, and if a Billy Graham Crusade was being televised, you can rest assured that we were watching it around their television, regardless of what was on the other networks. He was very clear in how he pre-sented the gospel, that whosoever be-lieveth in the son would have eternal life. He will be greatly missed by a world that desperately needs more people like Billy Graham, but we can take great comfort in knowing that he has now made it home with his Maker. Author James Allan Francis, in writ-ing about the impact of Jesus Christ on the world, wrote this: ‘‘All the armies that ever marched, all the navies that were ever built; all the parliaments that ever sat and all the kings that ever reigned, put together, have not af-fected the life of man upon this Earth as powerfully as has that one solitary life.’’ That one solitary life, of course, is of Jesus Christ, who brought salvation to the world through faith in Him and in Him alone. While no one could ever come close to having an impact on the world like Christ did, I believe the late Billy Gra-ham was one of those great mes-sengers, probably the best that we have seen any time in recent history, and he will long be remembered for the mes-sage that he gave about a personal sal-vation in Jesus Christ. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, what an honor it is to like-wise stand. I remember the first live crusade I ever went to where Billy Graham was there in Atlanta in the early 1970s. As a young pastor and as a pastor for al-most 20 years, I likewise had the oppor-tunity to meet him. As a young pastor, he signed a Bible for me, which today still remains a treasure. But what we don’t need to forget is the message that he gave us. It is the message of Scripture. It is the message of God. It is a message that talks about all of us and our condition, that we are sinful, that we are separated from God, that we have committed things that separate us eternally unless they are dealt with. That gospel message from the Scrip-ture that Billy Graham so eloquently shared was that God loves us, and He gave His son to die in our stead. I noticed the other day we are told that archeologists may have found the signature of the Old Testament prophet Isaiah. When I thought of that, I actu-ally thought of Billy Graham and how he would have taken that Isaiah pas-sage in chapter 53 and made a gospel message from the Old Testament prophet, where he said in chapter 53 that all of us, like sheep, have gone astray, that every one has gone his own way. Yet God has laid on him the iniq-uity of us all. Here we are, and here is our sin. Here comes Christ without sin, and God laid on Him the iniquity of us all. As much as we remember Billy Gra-ham these days, let us never forget the importance of his message and never forget the message. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues and I urge America to hear the gospel message and to respond in faith to the love and the grace of God through Jesus Christ that Billy Graham so pow-erfully presented to all of us. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ). Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. H
ULTGREN for assembling this great group together. We treasure this opportunity to honor Dr. Billy Graham. Each of us has a special mem-ory of Billy Graham. I can recall having graduated from college, my first job was with Campus Crusade for Christ. I lived in Dallas, Texas, to prepare for a big meeting, a convocation that brought 84,000 young people. I was asked in 1971 if I would like to caddy for Billy Graham. He was playing in the Byron Nelson Golf Clas-sic with Arnold Palmer, Bob Hope, and Byron Nelson. I can assure you we chased golf balls all over the golf course. It was a great occasion. But what I saw as a young believer in Christ—I had come to Christ in my sen-ior year in college—I saw a man who looked you in the eye. He didn’t look at his watch. He cared about people. Billy Graham didn’t walk over people to reach the world. He understood the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.107 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1323 February 27, 2018 
importance of every person before God. I think that is why his ministry and his mission was so outstanding with Presidents, kings, or cab drivers, who-ever it might be, the millions of people who came to Christ because of him. On this meeting that we planned in Dallas, 250,000 people came to down-town Dallas. They heard Billy Graham and Johnny Cash. It was a great assem-bly. But through my years, the next decade, working for Dr. Bright with Campus Crusade, I had the occasion to be around Dr. Graham on many occa-sions. On one such occasion, I picked him up at the airport in 1975 here in Wash-ington and was taking him back to the hotel. He said to Dr. Bright: the next challenge we have in the world today is terrorism. He said that this group who doesn’t honor God and they don’t honor Christ are going to be the force we deal with. How remarkable that it was Billy Graham who helped heal our Nation after 9/11 as he spoke to that National Cathedral to bring the message of hope in God. Yes, I went with Billy to his crusades in Cleveland, Dallas, and Charlotte. In fact, the first time he ever brought to-gether young people, he had a Friday night big crusade for young people. They came out by the tens of thou-sands. Michael W. Smith played, Jars of Clay, and D.C. Talk. Billy could reach anybody because he was real and he was personable. They understood him. His message was clear—so simple—that God loves us, He has a plan for our life, and Jesus Christ is the means to that plan. He died on the cross for our sin, that we could re-ceive Christ, know Him, and know eter-nal life. He gave that message all over the world. I have met people in Romania, Czech Republic, and the former Soviet Union—now Russia—all over the world who met Christ because Billy Graham came, and he took the gospel to them. Probably in my funniest moment to have a conversation with him was with Franklin, his son. Now, Franklin will charge hell with a water gun. Franklin will go anywhere. He was headed to Moscow. I was with him on a little plane, it was a twin engine Mitsubishi. We stopped in Burlington, Vermont, and then we stopped over in Nova Sco-tia to stay overnight at a little $6 motel. The phone rang while we were checking in. The man said: Yes, he is here, and he gave the phone across the counter to Franklin. Franklin said: Hello? Yes, Daddy. Yes, sir, I am headed to Moscow. Yes, sir. I have got another pilot. Yes, sir. R
OBERT PITTENGER . He is going with me. At that point, his father, said: R
OB-
ERTPITTENGER ? I thought he had more sense than that. That was Billy. He knew his son, and he loved his son. But Franklin will take his gospel just like his father, just like every single person in that family. Probably the greatest legacy to Billy Graham is the testimony in all of our lives through his own children who fol-lowed him into the ministry. So I commend our Nation for hon-oring him in the way that we are. He will lay and he will be a part of this great assembly, this great Capitol, for-ever as a statue. I thank Mr. HULTGREN  for bringing us together, and I thank the Lord for sending His messenger, Billy Graham. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the incredible life of a great man. The Reverend Billy Gra-ham spent his life serving God and pro-claiming the gospel of Jesus Christ. Many who heard him share the Good Word considered him to be America’s pastor. But throughout his life, he was always a humble and faithful servant. Decades ago, I had the opportunity to attend a Billy Graham Crusade at Notre Dame with my family. I will never forget seeing so many people having the opportunity to hear the message that God loves you—a very simple message. No matter who you are, no matter your background, Billy would declare: God loves you. Billy Graham brought this message of compassion, hope, and the power of God’s grace to millions of people from all walks of life. He also brought it to the leaders of the free world as a friend and counselor to the Presidents of both parties. Tomorrow he will lie in honor in the Capitol rotunda. It is fitting to honor him as we honor our Nation’s leaders, not just because they changed history, but because he changed our hearts. His greatest legacy is the people he helped to be closer to the Lord. Mr. Speaker, Billy Graham is home now. We give thanks to God that He raised up such a humble man with a servant’s heart, and we pray that his powerful message will live on. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ). Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, it is an incredible honor to stand today in honor of the legacy of the Reverend Billy Graham. The population of the United States when Reverend Graham was born was 103 million. Over the course of his life, Reverend Graham spoke to more than twice as many people who existed in the country the day he was born in per-son about the greatest gift that one can ever be given, and that is the gift of eternal life and salvation by a Cre-ator so benevolent as to look the other way on the undeniable sins of each of us. So as I look to try to leave an impact on the world, I understand that people far greater than me have left far great-er an impact than I could ever leave. I want to use Reverend Graham’s words in closing to honor Reverend Graham not for who he was, but for his commit-ment to his Savior Jesus Christ. Reverend Graham said: When wealth is lost, nothing is lost. When health is lost, something is lost. And when char-acter is lost, all is lost. Reverend Graham said: The greatest legacy one can pass on to one’s chil-dren and grandchildren is not money or material things accumulated in one’s life, but a legacy of character and faith. I think most appropriately, in clos-ing, he said: I look forward to death with great anticipation to meeting God face to face. Finally, he said: I haven’t written my own epitaph. I am not sure I should. Whatever it is, I hope it will be simple and it will point people not to me, but to the God that I served. I thank Billy Graham, and I pray God would send us more. Amen. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ). Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, many decades ago, a missionary named John Williams made the long and dif-ficult journey in the 1800s to bring Christianity to the people of the Pa-cific islands, including American Samoa. He and the others in his footsteps in those early years probably surpassed their fondest hopes. Today, faith and church provide a strong foundation to a very large percentage of our popu-lation. I think he and Billy Graham would have understood each other very well, though their ministries are sepa-rated by more than a century. Billy Graham’s influence went around the world rapidly and power-fully, and seemed divinely timed to co-incide with the rise of the communica-tions and travel of the 20th century. As he lies in honor this week at the U.S. Capitol, it is a new opportunity for a younger generation to learn more of his exceptional life and hear his message once more—that God loves each of us, and when times seem trou-bled around us, there is someone great-er to depend on. As Scripture says: ‘‘How shall they hear without a preacher?’’ Billy Graham answered that call. He described himself simply: a preacher of the gospel of Jesus Christ. That life’s purpose defined him, and what a life it was. Mr. Speaker, I thank Billy Graham. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST). Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for putting this on. Let me say that as many of the people who have spoken here tonight have talked about how Billy Graham spread the gospel of Jesus Christ, at a young age, Billy Graham, if you read his history, took a walk through the woods and de-voted his life to Christ. He understood what was written in Matthew 22 when Christ was asked, Which is the greatest commandment? He said that the greatest command-ment is to love the Lord your God with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.109 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1324 February 27, 2018 
all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind. The second is like unto it, to love your neighbor as yourself. He understood those commandments. But most of all, he understood the commission that was given at the end of Matthew: Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit. Billy Graham understood this. He un-derstood it, and he was also very, very humble. I want to take, if I can, just a moment to go over something that was written by the author Max Lucado about a meeting that Michael W. Smith and his pastor had. I will just read it: ‘‘A few hours before the event,’’ where Michael W. Smith and Max Lucado were going to go on stage to-gether, ‘‘Michael and I met to go over the weekend’s schedule. But Michael was so moved by what he had just expe-rienced, he could hardly discuss the re-treat. He had just met with Billy Gra-ham for the purpose of planning Rev-erend Graham’s funeral. The famous evangelist was, at the time, 94 years old. He was confined to a wheelchair, on oxygen. His mind was sharp and spirits were high. But his body was see-ing its final days. So he called Michael. And he called for his pastor. He wanted to discuss his funeral. He told them that he had a request.’’ They both said: Of course, anything. What is it? He said: It is to do with the funeral. They said: Yes? He said: Would you not mention my name? They said: What? He said: Could you not mention my name? Just mention the name of Jesus. Mr. Speaker, you see, Billy Graham has preached to over 1 billion people. He has filled stadiums on every con-tinent. b1845 He has advised every President of the last half century. He has consistently been the top of every ‘‘most admired’’ list, yet he wants to be anonymous at his funeral and only call on Jesus’ name. 1 Peter 55 said: 
God resists the crowd, but gives grace to the humble. 
For a man like this to hold and be humbled when the world knew him. John 15:8 says: 
By this my Father is glorified, that you bear much fruit and so prove to be my disci-ples. 
There is no question whose disciple Billy Graham was. On February 21, I don’t doubt that he heard these words: ‘‘Well done, my good and faithful servant.’’ We just pray that God sends us more like him. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD). Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, it is not every day that I get to speak on behalf of someone who has changed the lives of millions of people across the globe, but today, I do. Billy Graham, who passed away last week, was known as America’s pastor, and rightly so. When I was spending time this week in the district, someone who is a base-ball fan came up to me and said: Do you know who’s got the most saves in Yankee Stadium? I said: ‘‘Sorry, I don’t know my base-ball history that well.’’ He said: It was Billy Graham, in 1957. I had to laugh to think that it was truly God who did the saving. But let’s think for a minute about Billy Graham. He was born in 1918 on a dairy farm in Charlotte, North Caro-lina, just south of my district. His cru-sades in the 1950s attracted thousands of people and shaped the beliefs of a generation by introducing many to the evangelical faith. In July of 1957, Graham invited Mar-tin Luther, King., Jr., to preach in front of his audience at Madison Square Garden on the issue of racial justice. This was just months after the Montgomery Bus Boycott. Graham was a White pastor from North Carolina, and King was an Afri-can American pastor from Alabama. But both of them knew that the Lord doesn’t see skin color and that the love of Christ could heal any racial division. Mr. Speaker, in today’s polarized polit-ical culture, we could learn a thing or two from their friendship. Throughout his life, he met with 12 Presidents, dating back to Harry Tru-man. President Eisenhower called Gra-ham ‘‘one of the best ambassadors our country has,’’ and John F. Kennedy brought Graham in before his inau-guration to express his worry over the moral and spiritual condition of the Nation. Aside from his role in the civil rights movement and vocal opposition to communism, he uplifted the souls of millions of Americans. By introducing them to the love of Christ, Graham gave hope to the hopeless and love to those who were in need. Mr. Speaker, while our economy now is growing and wages are rising, Ameri-cans have still become increasingly more isolated, more lonely, and more depressed. This social crisis needs to be addressed but can’t be solved by a bill that we pass in Congress or an execu-tive action by any President. We have gotten to a point in our country where too many people put their hope in elected officials. These people will most certainly be let down, because elected officials, like everyone else, are fallen, imperfect, sinful peo-ple. Graham knew this, and he knew that the only person who would not let us down is Christ himself, and that we should trust in him for the forgiveness of our sins and have everlasting life. This is now the life Billy Graham will enjoy forever. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OH-
MERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for putting this together. The loss of Billy Graham to this country, to this world, is more pro-found than any lips can ever express. As TEDmentioned, he was born in 1918, and married Ruth in 1943. What a dynamic couple they were. How de-voted they were to each other. They had five children. I have come to know and dearly love Anne. I have met and come to know Franklin to a lesser ex-tent. But he knew, he believed, he preached that you don’t go to Heaven by being a grandchild of someone. You have to have that personal relationship with the Lord as an individual child of God. It is not something you can in-herit. He has been called home. He spent his life trying to persuade people that he loved to accept Jesus with the words that Jesus uttered: 
I am the way, the truth, the light. No one gets to the Father, but by me. 
He believed with all his heart that, unless someone professed Jesus Christ as Savior, they had no chance of get-ting to Heaven. We know from Jesus that greater love hath no one than a man that lay down his life for his friends. We have paid tribute to people who have laid down their life in one great moment of saving others. We have heard of those type of heroic actions at the school in Parkland in trying to save others. Yet, this man, for 99 years, or at least after he accepted Christ, laid down his life day after day after day for others, trying to help them come to a personal relationship with Jesus so that he could share eternity with Him in Heaven. That is his belief. That is my belief. Yet, several years ago, we passed what is called a hate crimes bill. I said at some point it would be used to pros-ecute a preacher for simply reading Scripture from the Bible, so I can’t help but wonder if he has been called home so he can never be charged with a hate crime. We live in a time when things have gotten so perverse that there are actu-ally people who say that these evan-gelical Christians are so hateful, so mean, they actually believe that if you don’t think exactly like they do, you go to hell. Well, that is a perversion of the one religion that is 100 percent based on love. God so loved the world, He sent His son. His son so loved the world, He laid down His life for others. Billy Graham has laid down his life. He has put a marker down. In his mem-ory, we can give no greater memorial than that we persevere and we perpet-uate that love in bringing others to eternal life with us. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to pay tribute today to the late Reverend Billy Graham, a very cher-ished Christian leader and exemplary North Carolinian. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.111 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1325 February 27, 2018 
Born on a dairy farm almost 100 years ago in Charlotte, North Carolina, Billy Graham grew up learning the value of hard work, personal commit-ment, and developed an unwavering commitment to our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. After being ordained and graduated from Wheaton College, Billy married the love of his life and fellow student, Ruth McCue Bell. Shortly after, he began preaching throughout the United States and Europe, emerging as a ris-ing young evangelist. By 1949, at the young age of 31, Billy was launched into international promi-nence following his Los Angeles cru-sade. Originally scheduled for just 3 weeks, the crusade in Los Angeles had to be extended to more than 8 weeks, due to the overwhelming interest and overflow crowds. During his lifetime, Reverend Gra-ham preached all over the world, from remote villages in Africa to the Middle East to the former Communist bloc. I find this feat quite notable, considering the hostility that communists and ty-rants of all stripes have for Christi-anity and their hatred for the spread of the Gospel. Without question, Billy Graham was preaching in hostile territory; and without question, God protected him. It is said that his ministry reached an estimated 215 million people in more than 185 countries, and probably many more than that. After hearing the mes-sages and teachings of the Holy Scrip-tures, many of those millions accepted Christ as their Lord and Savior. There is no doubt that Billy Graham was called by God to share His Word, and he did so with wisdom and humil-ity. In fact, I believe he heeded that call as well, if not better, than anyone else ever has. His legacy and influence in the world will continue to be felt for generations to come. If there has ever been a good and faithful servant, it is most cer-tainly Billy Graham. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ). Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend, Mr. H
ULTGREN , for arranging this opportunity to honor Billy Graham. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow will we wit-ness something that we have never seen before: the laying in honor of the body of an American who was not a government official, didn’t lead a polit-ical movement, and wasn’t a war hero or social movement hero. The Nation will mourn a man who was single-minded in his devotion to one thing, whose life and vocation cen-tered on one thing and one thing only: proclaiming the saving grace of God through Jesus Christ. I hope we pay close attention to this. We will most likely never see it again. In Mark, Jesus tells his disciples to ‘‘go into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature.’’ Few people followed this instruction more faith-fully than the Reverend Billy Graham and with as much success and impact. Billy Graham has been called Amer-ica’s Preacher. But the fact of the mat-ter is that he was, for many decades, the most recognized and respected evangelical in the world. Reverend Graham preached the Gos-pel to more than 200 million people during his more than 400 crusades and rallies in more than 185 countries and territories. The impact of those reached through TV, radio, video, and the internet is unquantifiable. Reverend Graham did this sacrifi-cially, giving up opportunities for other, much more lucrative opportuni-ties that most people would have jumped at were they given the oppor-tunity. Moreover, Reverend Graham es-timated that he was gone from home for about 60 percent of his children’s adolescence. Despite being a pseudo-single mom, his wife, Ruth, understood the impor-tance of the sacrifice. She once said: ‘‘I’d rather have a little of Bill than a lot of any other man.’’ At a time when Christians are so often shunned and ridiculed, particu-larly those who have major followings, Billy Graham was almost universally regarded as a steady and well-respected voice. He appeared on Gallup’s list of most admired men in America 60 times since 1955. That is every year since the research firm began asking the ques-tion. He counseled and covered in prayer every President, from Truman to Trump. Former President Clinton said: ‘‘When he prays with you in the Oval Office or upstairs in the White House, you feel he’s praying for you, not the President.’’ That is the magnitude of this man: no matter how big or small you were, he cared about you, not your position. Titles and wealth and social status didn’t matter to Reverend Graham. The only position of a person that mattered to him was their eternal posi-tion before God. Race did not matter either. Reverend Graham was courageous. When other church leaders remained si-lent, he was an outspoken advocate for racial equality, consistently stating: ‘‘Christ belongs to all people.’’ In 1951, he called for the Southern Baptist Convention to accept Black students at their colleges. At a 1953 crusade in Tennessee, he personally took down ropes segregating the audi-ence. In 1957, during his crusade in New York, he invited Martin Luther King, Jr., to open one night with a prayer. Despite his actions, he later said he wished he would have done more to help Dr. King. In 1964, just months after the bomb-ing at the 16th Street Baptist Church, Reverend Graham brought his crusade to Birmingham, Alabama. Before he agreed to come, Reverend Graham in-sisted that the audience be integrated. Over 30,000 people attended, making it, at the time, the largest integrated au-dience in the history of Birmingham. The next year, he spoke to an inte-grated audience in Tuscaloosa, Ala-bama, with University of Alabama President Frank Rose and head foot-ball coach Paul ‘‘Bear’’ Bryant with him on the stage. Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe there is or will be anyone else in our lifetime who so clearly and effectively called people out of spiritual darkness into the light than Billy Graham. b1900 Untold millions were exposed to the saving message of the Gospel through his ministry. I mourn the void of moral and spiritual authority that, with his death, has been left in this world, but I rejoice in knowing that he is finally at home and at rest with God. As it is written about David in Acts 13:36, so it can be said of Billy Graham. He served God’s purpose for his genera-tion. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I am next honored to yield to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH). Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I appreciate this opportunity to share and reflect, just briefly, on Rev-erend Billy Graham. What a tremen-dous legacy he leaves in so many forms, and I think of how his humility has had such an impact on so many. I was one of the thousands in a sta-dium at a crusade in California back, I believe, in 1985, and to personally wit-ness the impact that that meeting had was a great opportunity. But I also re-alized how one person can really im-pact the world and how his efforts have led to humanitarian efforts, whether it is his family members or others, really stepping out and ministering to others all around the world. So I am very grateful to honor Rev-erend Billy Graham for certainly his stewardship of religious freedom. I hope that we can all reflect on our country and religious freedom and how important it is and hopefully follow in the footsteps of someone who, I think, as the list of most admired Americans would reflect, with Reverend Graham being on that list for 60 years—that someone like that can have such a great impact. So I appreciate this op-portunity. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I am next honored to yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Representative H
ULTGREN , for taking this time to do something that is so worthy. You know, we live in a city where we have vast monuments erected for peo-ple who have left an impact on this Na-tion or on the world. When you walk the Halls of this grand and beautiful Capitol, there are statues of those who have made significant marks and changes to this Nation. As I stand here today, I think of the gentleman who is going to lay in honor in the rotunda tomorrow, how he left such an impact on the world. He is probably the greatest impact on this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.113 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1326 February 27, 2018 
Nation and this world of modern times. The monument to him is in the hearts of literally billions of people who he touched with one simple message: God loves you. That was as simple as Billy Graham would speak to the hearts of millions of Americans that God loves you and he cares about you individually as a person. That resonated so strong that it is estimated that—and this was in 2008—that through his ministries and his radio and television and his cru-sades, he reached over 2.2 billion people with a simple message that God loves you, and it is a message of truth. He has had such an impact, as had been spoken of earlier, on a number of world leaders that he impacted with that simple message. The words that he shared—and he left us many quotes, and many of us are inspired by those quotes—but the words that he used that were most impactful were the words of Jesus. He just repeated the words that Christ had given us. He was also a man of great, great courage. A lot of people don’t realize the close relationship he had with Mar-tin Luther King, Jr. And in the 1950s, when Billy Graham came to the south and he was going to preach at one of the crusades, he noticed that there was a rope running through the middle of the congregation, a rope that separated Whites from Blacks. He was so of-fended, he went and asked that that rope be removed; and when the ushers refused to do it, Billy Graham went and moved the rope himself. That sparked a friendship with him and Martin Luther King, Jr. When Martin Luther King, Jr. penned his fa-mous ‘‘Letter from Birmingham Jail,’’ he condemned a lot of churches for not being engaged in what we believed that God created everyone in his image and that they should all be equal. But Billy Graham was not one of those. He stood strong. In fact, in 1960, when Martin Luther King, Jr., was in prison, Billy Graham paid his bail. Billy Graham has left a mark, but we still fight some of the battles that he warned us of and he fought back then. A couple of the quotes that have meant so much to me that Billy Gra-ham left us with is one that God’s will will not take us to where God’s grace will not sustain us, knowing he was preparing us for battles that we have to fight. He also stated that the Founders who pinned our Constitution believed in a freedom of religion, not a freedom from religion. And finally, even though we are in a time of crisis in this Nation, things are happening we don’t under-stand, the last quote that I will leave you with that Billy Graham said is: ‘‘I’ve read the last page of the Bible. It’s all going to turn out all right.’’ Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I am next honored to recognize the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate Mr. H
ULTGREN for leading this ef-fort here tonight but also his great spiritual counsel and partnership in this building here. It is very much ap-preciated. Indeed, he is one of God’s great servants. So, you know, as I harken back on my years of when we saw Billy Graham on TV and the inspirational character he was, and all my colleagues here to-night have alluded to it as well, he lived a very, very full life, a selfless life. And when I think about the lead-ers that have come through Wash-ington, indeed, what is this town named for? George Washington, who is probably the single most selfless politi-cian I can ever think of in terms of giv-ing of service, putting himself last and the country first. He didn’t want to be king. He didn’t really want to preside so much, but he wanted to help. God was always on his side. And I see in Billy Graham that same kind of greatness of the founding poli-cies, the founding values of George Washington’s and some of our Found-ers manifested, in a man who reached and saved millions in this country over those years with his crusades. A couple of my colleagues already mentioned his interaction with Dr. King. And with this being Black His-tory Month, the last couple of days of it here, I thought it would be appro-priate to touch on that as well because Billy Graham helped be a force in the civil rights movement, showing the way for others who may have been hesitant or breaking down the barrier for those who still wanted to sustain segregation. My colleague mentioned the Chat-tanooga rally there where he himself went down when the ushers would not do it, and he removed those ropes so it would be integrated because, in God’s eyes, all are equal, and then setting out in the Constitution all are created equal. So Billy Graham sustained that in his years of friendship with Dr. King, and showing that he was a nonpartisan, nonracial leader, helped saved the lives of all men who are created equal. So that goes so far that he is willing to put it on the line. He made people mad. He made the head usher resign that day when he made that courageous— but what he probably felt wasn’t coura-geous at all—but the right action. So Billy Graham, even to his last day when he made a short video, was all about informing people about Jesus, about the salvation they could have if they would just embrace Jesus and find what eternal life really is all about, that it isn’t what treasures we store here on this planet but the ones we store in Heaven when we embrace Him. There will never be another like him, but we can always remember him with pride. And as he would say himself, that his stores of treasure are up in Heaven. And he will be even stronger up there with his legacy and his mem-ory and his family members that go on to do what he did. So God bless Billy Graham, and I thank, again, Mr. HULTGREN for this opportunity tonight. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate Congressman L
AMALFA ’s words. I am next honored to recognize the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ). Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Illinois. No one knows how many lives and souls Reverend Billy Graham saved. We know that for every one he saved, he saved two, two saved four, four saved eight, et cetera. One life we know he saved was Louis Zamperini. Louis’ story is in a book called, ‘‘Unbroken,’’ and a movie by that same name. He was a track star, a silver medalist, 1936 games, Olympic games in Munich. In World War II, he flew B–24 bombers. That was a dan-gerous plane. Twice, his plane crashed. The second time, he floated the Pacific Ocean for 47 days. He said: ‘‘God, if I survive this ordeal and get back to America alive, I’ll seek You and serve You.’’ He was captured by the Japanese and spent the rest of the war in a prison war camp in Japan. A guard there he called, ‘‘The Bird,’’ knew of Louis’ fame, and he beat him to a pulp every single day. Louis said: ‘‘I was con-stantly being tormented by the guy. And you talk about hate. I wanted to kill him.’’ His nightmares of the POW camp came home. He was consumed by anger. One night, Louis dreamed he was strangling The Bird to death. In-stead, he woke up to find out he was strangling his wife, Cynthia. He started getting drunk as a skunk every night to forget about the horrors that plagued him. With her husband getting drunk every single night, Cynthia filed for di-vorce, and that is when a friend invited her to see the Reverend Billy Graham crusade in a Los Angeles tent dubbed, ‘‘The Canvas Cathedral.’’ She accepted Christ that night. She convinced Louis to attend Rev-erend Graham’s service. After storming out of that tent the first night, Louis returned for one more evening. That time, the Bible verse Billy Graham quoted went straight to Louis’ heart. He said: ‘‘Of all my near-death experi-ences, my life never passed before my eyes. But when Billy Graham quoted Scripture, my life did pass before my eyes.’’ For the first time in years, Louis remembered the promise he made God when he was floating in the South Pacific. That night, he went forward and ac-cepted Christ, and the biggest miracle of his life was set in motion. Louis’ transformation was so complete that he returned to Japan to share the Gos-pel with the hundreds of Japanese troops that tortured him that he once hated. He watched many of them ac-cept Jesus Christ. He went to share his faith all around the world, speaking at several Billy Graham crusades, and had a great 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.115 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1327 February 27, 2018 
friendship with Reverend Graham that lasted until Louis’ death on July 2, 2014. Before he died, Louis said these im-portant words: ‘‘This Billy Graham thing is a phenomenal miracle the way it started, the way it spread out. I’m one guy that got saved, and I’ve spoken to hundreds of thousands and had my testimony in papers where millions read it. One person. Think of the spi-der-web effect all over the world.’’ Thank God for Reverend Billy Gra-ham. Amen, Louis. Thank God for Rev-erend Billy Graham. b1915 Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I am so grateful for so many of my col-leagues who were able to join us to-night to remember Reverend Billy Gra-ham, born November 7, 1918, and died February 21, 2018. Billy Graham was a lion of the Chris-tian faith and a believer in the all-en-compassing love of God for all people. I knew Billy Graham from such an early age: knew of him, knew of his ministry, and was struck even more so most of my growing up years in Whea-ton, Illinois, where Billy Graham went to school, met his wife. Much of his ministry started in Wheaton and in that area around Wheaton. His ministry spanned generations of American religious thought and cul-ture, but his core message remained unchanged throughout his entire life-time. His evangelistic gatherings at-tracted millions throughout the globe for decades. His name is known around the world, as many have said tonight, maybe one of the most recognized names and most respected throughout his entire lifetime. I remember way back in 1971—I was 5 years old—my mom and dad brought me down to McCormick Place down in downtown Chicago, to be part of the 1971 Billy Graham crusade. My dad was a counselor at that crusade. I was a lit-tle 5-year-old boy, but I still remember that night. I remember the power of the message, I remember the power of this messenger of God sharing his love for us, but also the truth of the love that Jesus has for us. That he gave ev-erything so that I could have hope, so that I could have new life. Even as a little boy, that affected me. It moved me. It moved me so much that it had me ask more questions of my own mom and dad when I got home. And, ultimately, it was that same year, right around that time, when I recog-nized that I was sinful, even as a little boy, that I was selfish, that I needed help, I needed a savior, and that I need-ed someone to pay a price that I couldn’t pay. And as Billy Graham had stated, and as my mom and dad had taught me, and as my own grandpa had taught me, only Jesus could pay that price, and he wanted to do it to give me that free gift of redemption, the hope that we can have only through Jesus. That was the story and the message of Billy Gra-ham. Jumping forward quite a few years, I had the privilege, just 12 years ago, of being down in Louisiana. I went to the Louisiana State Penitentiary. It is also known as Angola. Louisiana State Pen-itentiary was known as the bloodiest prison in all of America for decades and decades and decades—more killings and more violence than any other prison. And then something happened. God used some people, specifically a warden there, Warden Cain, who came, and others, to change the hearts of these inmates. They brought a semi-nary into this Louisiana State Peni-tentiary. Now, hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of prisoners in Louisiana State Penitentiary have gone through seminary—New Orleans Seminary— that is right there in the prison, and have gained their own Bible graduate degrees of being pastors, although they are still in prison. One of the things that changed in Louisiana State Penitentiary—it had been when prisoners died in prison, and almost all of them die there, because life means life in Louisiana—what hap-pened before was, when prisoners died, they would just be thrown in a ditch in the back behind the cafeteria and thrown some dirt on top of them. The warden and others felt like this was ab-solutely inhumane treatment for any-body, even prisoners, so they changed something. They have a woodworking program there, and the inmates of Angola, Lou-isiana State Penitentiary, started making caskets for their fellow pris-oners who would die in prison. They handcraft these caskets so that they are actually gorgeous, handcrafted, recognizing that every life is of infinite value because God lived and died for that life. Well, Franklin Graham, Billy’s son, was down in Louisiana State Peniten-tiary a few years ago. He went on a tour there, saw these caskets that were being made for inmates, went back and talked to his mom and dad. Billy Graham and Ruth Graham said: Do you know what? We want to be bur-ied in caskets that were made by pris-oners. I am so excited. Tomorrow, this un-believable honor of Billy Graham being laid in honor in the United States ro-tunda, one of only four people who have had that great honor, but also the story that is going to be told, that Billy Graham is going to be laid in the rotunda in a casket that was made by prisoners in Louisiana State Peniten-tiary. What an amazing statement of humility of recognizing that we are all the same. We are all broken people, we all need saving, whether we are preach-ing to millions and millions of people, or whether we are in prison for the rest of our lives because of the mistakes we have made. We all cannot reach that standard, that perfect standard, to be with God forever. We need someone to help us reach that, and only Jesus can help us do that. Billy Graham recognized that. The statement is going to be very clear in the rotunda, just outside of these doors tomorrow over the next day and a half, of recognition of his life, and then, ul-timately, he will be buried there. I remember back—and I will end with this—just the message of Billy Graham very clear. Two questions that I think were so important for Billy Graham. One he talked about in his book, ‘‘Just As I Am.’’ He said: The first question I have for God when I get to heaven is, Why me? Why me, a farm kid from North Caro-lina that could barely make it through school? Why me? Why did you choose me as an instrument? And I think the answer to that ques-tion goes back to Isaiah 6:8. That when Isaiah heard the Lord say, ‘‘Whom shall I send,’’ Isaiah said, ‘‘Here I am, Lord, send me.’’ That is exactly what Billy Graham did. He said: Here I am, Lord, send me. Broken, imperfect, not a great speaker, but here I am, send me. And through that willingness, mil-lions and millions and millions of lives were touched. The last question was one that I heard when I went to that crusade in 1971. And it was: Who is Jesus to you? This person of Jesus that has impacted more people in this world than any other person, who is Jesus to you? It was a question that I had to strug-gle with, even as a 5-year-old. I con-tinue to learn and grow and understand Jesus. And different people have dif-ferent ideas of who Jesus is. No one can deny he was a real person who had more impact on this world than any-body else. We talk about the impact that Billy Graham has had. Jesus is the reason for the impact that Billy Graham had. So he asked the question: Who is Jesus? And I think it is worth the study, to take the time to look into who was this man who lived 2,000 years ago, yet affected everything. Even our calendar is adjusted to his life. Who is this Jesus? As you dig in and you ask questions and study, the question is either: Is this Jesus who he said he is or isn’t he? Is he a liar? Is he a lunatic? Or is he Lord? Lord and Savior, the only hope, the light of this world, I believe that that is exactly who this Jesus is. It was what Billy Graham talked about. Mr. Speaker, I want to close with a verse many people remember from the Billy Graham crusades. The closing of those crusades were led with a call for people to come forward, but also with an amazing hymn, ‘‘Just As I Am.’’ I want to read a verse or two, and then close. 
Just as I am, without one plea, But that thy blood was shed for me, And that though bidst me come to thee, O lamb of God, I come, I come. Just as I am, and waiting not To rid my soul of one dark blot, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.116 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1328 February 27, 2018 
To thee whose blood can cleanse each spot, O lamb of God, I come, I come. 
Thank you, Billy Graham. Thank you for your faithfulness. Thank you for sharing this message of hope with so many people. We are so honored to recognize him and to thank his family. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the late Reverend Billy Graham who is just the fourth private citizen to lie in honor in the U.S. Capitol. In 1918, Rev. Graham was born in Char-lotte, North Carolina where he was raised on a dairy farm. At the age of 15, the young Billy Graham made his personal commitment to Christ during a tent revival meeting in Char-lotte. Following graduation from Wheaton Col-lege and his marriage to classmate Ruth Bell in 1943, Rev. Graham began his ministry. While his ministry would take him to every cor-ner of the globe, Billy Graham never forgot his purpose or his roots in the Old North State. As the Lord’s faithful servant, Billy Graham lived a simple life in North Carolina with his dear wife Ruth and their five children. Yet his ministry touched the lives of millions, as he taught God’s word and spread the good news of the gospel. It has been estimated he preached to nearly 215 million people in more than 185 countries and territories, embracing innovation and new technologies to reach as many people as possible. Affectionately known as ‘‘North Carolina’s Favorite Son’’ and ‘‘America’s Pastor,’’ Billy Graham’s counsel was sought by presidents and leaders throughout the world in times of despair and prosperity. No matter his audi-ence, he preached a constant message of finding ‘‘strength for the present and hope for the future’’ in Jesus Christ. I join with our entire community, state, na-tion and world in mourning his passing, while rejoicing in the knowledge that Billy Graham is home with his beloved Ruth in the presence of our Father in heaven. Mr. Speaker, Reverend Billy Graham holds a special place in the hearts of millions of Americans and people throughout the world. He is most deserving of this honor and I urge our fellow Americans to join me in paying their respects to America’s Pastor and celebrating the life of Reverend Billy Graham. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor and recognition of Reverend Billy Graham, America’s Pastor, who passed away on February 21, 2018 to return home to his Lord and Savior. As a nation, we mourn the passing of Billy Graham, and send our deep-est condolences to the Graham family. Billy Graham preached the Gospel, and his influ-ence can hardly be quantified. His ministry ca-reer and crusades inspired and motivated mil-lions, and carried out his mission to save souls around the world. Early in his career, Reverend Graham served the Midwest as a pastor in Western Springs, Illinois. He attended Wheaton College and in 1981, they opened a center in his honor. During his time in Illinois, Graham took on a radio ministry program based in Chicago and expanded his activism. From there, he began to completely transform American reli-gious life through his compelling sermons and preaching. Billy Graham went on to serve across the country, in many ways and on many platforms. He provided spiritual counsel to every President of the United States from Harry Truman to Barack Obama, and was a strong figure in the civil rights movement urg-ing for integration. Mr. Speaker, Billy Graham was a humble servant to the Lord who changed countless lives for the better. His was a life well lived. And I know his legacy will live on forever. Today, let us look up in the sky and give thanks to our faithful, steadfast friend who is finally at home with God and resting in eternal peace. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for re-minding us of the enormously impor-tant work that was done for tomor-row’s session here on the floor and here in the Capitol, where he will be lying in state. I recall very clearly the day that my wife and I met Reverend Graham in Sacramento when he was having one of his ministries there in the city. We at-tended, and it was an incredible experi-ence. We met with him personally after the event. And like the millions and, indeed, billions of people that heard him speak, we, too, were moved. Earlier, when I learned of his passing, I said that, while he is no longer with us physically, his work remains with us. His speeches, his recordings, and his videos are all there for future genera-tions and, indeed, for our generation. So I thank my colleagues for bringing to our attention what is a profoundly important event here in the Nation’s Capitol when Reverend Billy Graham lies in state. Mr. Speaker, there are a couple of other things I would like to bring to the attention of the floor. One, fortu-nately, is not a death, but rather a re-tirement. This one is for Debbie Davis, the editor and assistant publisher of the Davis Enterprise, for her service to the Davis community and to congratu-late her on her retirement. For over 38 years, Ms. Davis has helped unite and inform the Davis com-munity through her work at the Davis Enterprise, the local paper. Her work expertise earned her a reputation as a respected journalist, and there is no doubt in my mind that her legacy will have a lasting impact on the Davis community. The breadth of Ms. Davis’ accom-plishment is in itself an achievement. Some of her most notable milestones include the development of the 2017 centennial magazine that celebrated the businesses and leaders that built the Davis community, the ‘‘Those Who Make Memories’’ book, and over 10,700 editions have been used at the Davis Enterprise. I speak on behalf of the entire Davis community when I say ‘‘thank you’’ to Debbie Davis for her generous service to the community of Davis, California. We all wish her the best as she enjoys her well-deserved retirement. If I might, Mr. Speaker, move on to other events, some of them events here in Washington, D.C., in the days ahead. If I might retrieve my chart, Mr. Speaker. Normally I would bring this out with me, but I wanted to cover the Billy Graham event. I think he might have enjoyed this particular saying from Franklin Delano Roosevelt. I use this whenever I start my presentations here on the floor because it reminds me of values, at least a value that I think ought to be basic to our work here in Congress. So allow me to repeat not for the first, but maybe for another dozen times: 
The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much. It is whether we provide enough for those who have too little. 
The test of our progress. It is inter-esting that there is so much we need to do, so much we need to do here in America, particularly for those who have too little. It is interesting to note what has actually happened over the last several years. Are we really making progress? Well, I think we ought to spend some moments talking about our infrastruc-ture. Are we making progress? Well, no, not really. We once were the most advanced infrastructure— highways, rail systems, transit sys-tems, airports, maritime ports—in the world. We had great drinking water systems. You could come to America and drink water anywhere and not have to worry about the quality or the con-tamination of that water. But here it is from the American So-ciety of Civil Engineers: aviation, we are ranked a D; bridges, a C; dams, a D; drinking water, a D; parks and recre-ation, a D; ports, a C; rail, we are doing okay; roads, a D—we see that every day when we travel back and forth. School systems—and we want to talk about safe schools; lots of talk as a re-sult of the tragic shooting in Florida about making schools safe. Well, schools really rank in the D category. Whether they are safe or not, they are ranking as Ds. Transit is a D. Declining wastewater is a D. We are familiar with places around the Nation. b1930 This bridge, about 6 years ago, this was a bridge that connected the United States to Canada. This was the Inter-state 5 bridge, a road, Interstate high-way from Vancouver, British Colum-bia, to Tijuana, Mexico. Infrastructure. The bridge collapsed. On the water side of life, I think most of us would be familiar that, 1 year ago, the spillway at the Oroville Dam, the highest dam in the United States and quite possibly in the world, gave way during the heavy rains of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.118 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1329 February 27, 2018 
2017 year, and we created the biggest waterfall in the world. It went on for some time. It also threatened the lives of over 200,000 people downstream that had less than 3 hours to evacuate; because had this spillway further eroded, a 30-foot wall of water would have descended upon those communities and the water would have been more than 50 feet deep within 1 hour. Fortunately, the rain stopped; otherwise, who knows. So we have a need for infrastructure. Just 2 weeks ago, the President an-nounced his great big infrastructure plan. Two hundred billion new dollars, $1.5 trillion of public and private in-vestment beyond the Federal participa-tion. Sounds good until you read the big print; not even the small print, but the big print. So what does the Trump infrastruc-ture plan bring to us? Well, the $200 bil-lion of Federal money, it is not new money; it is existing money, it is the reprogramming of existing money. In fact, it takes $168 billion from existing transportation programs, highways and transit, and repurposes it over to some new programs that are supposed to do the same thing. No new money; just money taken from an existing program that is working, underfunded to be sure, but working, and transferred over to a new program that the President can then put his gold letters, T-R-U-M- P, on it, and, wow, what a wonderful thing that has been done. Oh, yeah. Well, confusion and the like. It also paves the way; it doesn’t pave the highways, but it does pave the way for Wall Street and foreign investors to set up toll roads on our interstate free-ways. Well, there is a great idea. It slashes Federal investments and passes the buck to cash-starved States and local governments. You see, right now the Federal Gov-ernment for highways and transit, about 80 percent of that money comes from the Federal Government, 20 per-cent from the locals. In levies—I represent one of the most flood prone areas. I can put that pic-ture of Oroville Dam back up. Seventy- five percent Federal, 25 percent local. So what does the great Trump infra-structure plan do? It flips that over, and guess what? The Federal Govern-ment will pay 25 percent for levies and the locals will pay 75 percent. Wow. That is helpful. Where are they going to get the money? For transit, 80 percent Federal, 20 percent—no, not in the Trump plan. It flips it over: 20 percent Federal, 80 per-cent local. Where are they to get the money? Big question. So where did the money go? Why is it that the President’s big, new, fabulous, wonderful transportation/infrastruc-ture program has no money, just exist-ing money taken from existing pro-grams and put into new labeled pro-grams that are to accomplish the same thing but with less Federal support? So one might wonder, what happened here? Why is there no new Federal money? Why aren’t all of those Ds sup-ported by new Federal programs so that we have a robust infrastructure program for the United States, one in which men and women would be em-ployed building the foundation for to-morrow’s economy? Tens of thousands, indeed hundreds of thousands, millions of people, could be employed if the $1 trillion, $1.5 trillion that he talks about, were real money. It is not. Where did the money go? Well, I sup-pose some of you may have been listen-ing when the President signed the leg-islation and then took his Air Force One jet to Florida, entered his resort at Mar-a-Lago, and announced to his guests: I just made you a whole lot richer. Well, indeed he did. One person that he made richer was this gentleman, who has said repeatedly over the last 2 years: I don’t need more money; I am quite wealthy, thank you; don’t do a tax cut that makes me even more wealthy. Warren Buffett. What did the tax cut do for Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway? Well, it was a $29 billion Christmas gift. Mr. Speaker, the President was quite correct. He did make the rich even richer. I thank Mr. Buffett for being brutally honest and saying he doesn’t need more money. He would undoubtedly look at what FDR said: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much.’’ Warren Buffett said this last line: ‘‘It is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ I thank Mr. Buffett. I don’t know what he is going to do with the $29 bil-lion, but I know what we could have done with $29 billion. We could have re-paired the bridges of America. We could have repaired the tens of thou-sands of dams across America that are at risk. That is what could have been done with the $29 billion that went to Mr. Buffett. And he wasn’t the only one who bene-fited from those tax cuts. One of the Wall Street companies, Morgan Stan-ley, did an analysis of the corporate tax cuts, that about $1 trillion of the $1.5 trillion tax cut went to corpora-tions. So what did the American corpora-tions do with that $1 trillion windfall? Morgan Stanley, just this last week, reported that their analysis is that 62 percent of that $1 trillion windfall will be used by the corporations to buy other companies; mergers and acquisi-tions, about 19 percent; and 43 percent will go for buybacks of stock and divi-dends. All the talk about the employees benefiting. Well, let’s see. About 13 per-cent is headed for bonuses and raises. Just 17 percent of that $1 trillion is ex-pected to be used to increase the size of the business, not through mergers and acquisitions, which usually result in layoffs, not in new jobs, but rather in what are called savings, in other words, known as layoffs—just 17 percent. So where are the jobs? I will give you an example. Nine of the large pharma-ceutical companies in America have al-ready announced that they are going to spend $50 billion of that tax cut that they received in buybacks, not in cre-ating new pharmaceuticals and drugs for such illnesses as Alzheimer’s. In fact, Pfizer, one of the large pharma-ceutical companies, the day that they announced that they were going to stop their research on Alzheimer’s, de-cided that they would spend their money instead on buying back their stock. So thus far—we haven’t finished all this; this is where they expect to go— American corporations have already announced $178 billion, nearly one-fifth of that $1 trillion tax cut, would be used to buy back stock. That is the largest amount ever reported in any single quarter in American history. Now, many folks here on the floor say: Oh, but look at what Walmart is doing; they are giving over $400 million of bonuses. Well, if you average that out among all of their workers, it is $190 per work-er. Now, that is not chump change, and that is certainly not crumbs. That is $190, and that is important, but the total tax cut to Walmart was $18 bil-lion. The $400 million is 2.2 percent for bonuses. And so it goes. There is more. Boeing said it will spend $300 million on employees in in-creased wages or bonuses, and, at the same time, they will spend $18 billion to buy back shares. Did I explain what a buyback of shares really does? Well, it reduces the number of shares that are in the mar-ket, and, therefore, simultaneously raises the price per share. And how are executive salaries and bonuses determined? By the share price. The share price goes up, bingo, more money for the corporate execu-tives. So if you were given a huge $1 tril-lion windfall in reduced taxes, would you use that for capital investment, where the actual return to the corpora-tion may take 3, 4, 5 years, or would you use it to buy back stock, which automatically will, in virtually every case, raise the share price and imme-diately reward the executives’ bottom line salary? Not a tough decision. Or would you give it to your employees in bonuses and raises, when you could use it to buy back stock? Raise the share price, and, lo and behold, guess what? The corporate executive’s pay in-creases, because his pay is based on the stock price. Pretty simple stuff. Did I mention Comcast laid off over 500 employees after reportedly saying that they would use their tax cuts to give a $1,000 year-end bonus? And at the same time, they announced a $5 bil-lion stock buyback for 2018. It goes on and on. Apple, $38 billion reduction in taxes; Microsoft, $6.3 billion; Citibank, $22 billion reduction; Johnson & Johnson, $13 billion; Qualcomm, $5.3 billion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.120 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1330 February 27, 2018 
So if we wanted to repair the dams or the bridges, we would have to have money. Where did the money go? Well, it didn’t go to the bridges, it didn’t go to the roads. The great infrastructure plan from the President is simply a shell game, moving money from under this shell to under that shell, no new money, and making the local govern-ments and State governments pay even more. And for those of us who represent California, Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, there is one more, and that is we get to pay taxes on taxes that we pay to the State and to the local governments. b1945 Now, that is a change. When the first income tax law was written nearly a century ago—in fact, more than a cen-tury ago—they said that you would not pay taxes on the taxes that you paid, and so they allowed for the deduction of State and local taxes. But, hey, that changed. Our President said it is a wonderful gift. Well, it is not for Cali-fornia, not for New York, not for New Jersey. So where are we going to get the money? We are going to have to go back and look at this. We already know that, for every 1 percent reduction in the corporate tax rate, there is a $100 billion reduction in revenue to the Fed-eral Government. We might want to look at that. I am going to wrap this up in just a few moments. We have been talking about a better deal for America for a long time. What we have from the Trump tax cut is a raw deal, a bad deal, a terrible deal for America. The Federal Treasury was gutted. Yes, there are benefits for the broad American public, but that is like 17 percent of the total tax cut goes to the broad American public: middle class, upper middle, and the bottom quartile of Americans. It is useful. It is cer-tainly going to be helpful. But more than 80 percent went to American corporations, which, as I just showed, are not using it for their em-ployees, not using it to build their cap-ital infrastructure, their ability to manufacture more, but, rather, for those who already have a great deal of wealth: the stockholders of America, who happen not to be the bottom 80 percent. We need a better deal. We really need to invest in America. We need that in-frastructure, not the phony infrastruc-ture program that the President has proposed, but a real infrastructure with real money. And we need to make that infrastructure in America. And so make it in America, invest in America. It adds up for a better deal for America. My colleague, A
LGREEN from Texas, has some important things to add to the discussion tonight on a different subject, but I just want to remind the public that, when we talk on the floor here, we talk about infrastructure, we talk about real concrete, steel, pro-grams that actually build infrastruc-ture. We talk about trying to collect resources so that we can pay for this. We talk about how we might engage in various financing programs so that we can, over time, build the solid founda-tion for economic growth. And as we do all of this, we are talk-ing about a better deal for the Amer-ican public, not the raw deal that this tax scam gave to Americans, not the kind of deal that The New York Times says: ‘‘Well-Heeled Investors Reap the Republican Tax Cut Bonanza.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include this New York Times editorial, dated February 25, 2018, in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD . 
[From The New York Times, Feb. 25, 2018] W
ELL-HEELED INVESTORS REAP THE  R
EPUBLICAN TAXCUTBONANZA  (By The Editorial Board) After President Trump signed the Repub-lican tax cut into law, companies put out cheery announcements that they were giving workers bonuses because of their expected windfalls from the tax reductions. The presi-dent and Republican lawmakers quickly held up these news releases as vindication for their argument that cutting the top federal corporate tax rate to 21 percent, from 35 per-cent, would boost workers’ incomes even as it added $1.5 trillion to the debt that future generations would have to pay off. Now corporate announcements and analyst reports confirm what honest observers al-ways said—this claim is pure fantasy. As ex-ecutives tell investors what they intend to do with their tax savings and their spending plans are tabulated into neat charts and graphs, the reports jibe with what most ex-perts said would happen: Companies are re-warding their stockholders. Businesses are buying back shares, which creates demand for the stocks, boosts share prices and benefits investors. Some of the cash is going to increase dividends. And a chunk will go to acquiring other businesses, creating larger corporations that face less competition. In addition to benefiting investors, these maneuvers will end up boosting the pay of top executives because their compensation packages are often tied to the price of their companies’ stock. Finally, a small sliver of the money will find its way into paychecks of rank-and-file employees, but it won’t be a big boost and will probably come in the form of a temporary bonus, rather than a lasting raise. Morgan Stanley analysts estimated that 43 percent of corporate tax savings would go to buybacks and dividends and nearly 19 per-cent would help pay for mergers and acquisi-tions. Just 17 percent would be used for cap-ital investment, and even a smaller share, 13 percent, would go toward bonuses and raises. Other Wall Street analysts have issued similar reports. If more evidence was needed, Axios reported that just nine pharmaceutical companies have announced $50 billion in buybacks since the tax law was passed. Mr. Trump might argue that it doesn’t much matter that the tax cuts will be a boon for investors because many Americans own stocks. The president has recently touted the rising value of 401(k) accounts as a ben-efit of the tax law. But roughly half of all families own no stock, and most people have holdings that are worth less than $5,000. Most stock holdings, a whopping 84 percent, are in the hands of people whose incomes put them in the top 10 percent of households. Republicans might further argue that none of this matters because the tax law is becom-ing more popular as people learn more about it. Indeed, a recent poll for The Times found that the law now has more supporters than opponents. But this swing in public senti-ment might be less important than it ap-pears. Consider the results of a recent Polit-ico/Morning Consult poll that shows that just 25 percent of registered voters said they had noticed an increase in their paycheck be-cause of lower tax withholding while 51 per-cent had not. The poll also found that high- income people were more likely to notice that their take-home pay had gone up. That’s because Republicans designed the law to principally benefit wealthy families while offering crumbs to low-income and middle class families. Those crumbs, by the way, disappear after a few years. Further, many taxpayers in states like California, New Jersey and New York will be hit with higher tax bills when they file their 2018 tax returns and realize that they can now only deduct up to $10,000 in state and local taxes. There was a legitimate argument for re-forming the tax code in a way that reduced the corporate tax rate, closed loopholes and made the economy fairer and more produc-tive. But Republicans chose a plan that re-wards the rich at the expense of workers. They had to lie to make this scheme seem le-gitimate. Now the true effects are coming to fruition. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RESOLUTION HONORING THE NA-TIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I am honored tonight to present a resolution on behalf of the NAACP, the National Association for the Advance-ment of Colored People, a great organi-zation founded in this country on Feb-ruary 12, 1909. It just happens to have been the centennial of the birth of Abraham Lincoln. I am honored to be a proud member of the NAACP. I hold a life member-ship, and I look forward to acquiring an even higher membership in the NAACP. I am honored to say that this resolu-tion has the support of the Congres-sional Black Caucus, and it is a bipar-tisan resolution as well. Also, I am honored to say, Mr. Speaker, that this resolution is one that I hope will shed some additional light on the NAACP, its purpose, and some of its accom-plishments. The NAACP is the Nation’s oldest civil rights organization. It is an orga-nization that was founded in a time when African Americans were being lynched, a time when it was not com-monplace and not every place, but it did take place with a great degree of regularity in this country, such that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.121 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1331 February 27, 2018 
African Americans were being lynched with impunity, I might add. It is an organization that has always been integrated. It was integrated from its genesis and continues to this day to be an integrated organization. Some of the notable founders of the NAACP were Mary White Ovington, a white female; Ida Wells-Barnett; and also, I would add, Oswald Garrison Villard; William English Walling. Many of these persons were persons of goodwill who simply concluded that there had to be something done about the conditions impacting African Americans. And so they decided to move forward, and they formed, at that time, the organization known as the National Negro Committee, which has, of course, evolved into the NAACP that we know today. Let me pause for a moment with the history and remind people that in Houston, Texas, we are very fortunate. The Houston branch of the NAACP has a president who is a former dean of the law school, Thurgood Marshall School of Law in Houston, Texas, former presi-dent of Texas Southern University, James Douglas—very fortunate to have a lawyer of his standing as the presi-dent of the NAACP. Currently, at the law school, there is a person who is working who happens to be the State president of the NAACP. We have a national board member in Houston, Texas. Gary Bledsoe, State president, is working at the law school as the interim dean. The national board member, Howard Jeffer-son, is in Houston, Texas. Houston’s NAACP has its own facil-ity, one of the few around the country to hold its own facility, but I am proud to say that that is something that we worked hard to acquire. The Houston NAACP is one of the outstanding branches of the NAACP in this coun-try. The NAACP has branches in all 50 States. Continuing, the NAACP’s national headquarters, located in Baltimore, Maryland, the NAACP was founded to ensure the political, educational, so-cial, and economic rights of all persons and to eliminate racial hatred and ra-cial discrimination. I am proud to say that the NAACP has always used the tactics of non-violence in its movement forward, in its effort to help all persons benefit in this country because, quite frankly, ev-eryone has benefited from the NAACP and its movement in this country. It has used negotiation, litigation, and protestation as its tactics. The NAACP was there to win law-suits before the Supreme Court, was there to protest so that persons might acquire not only the right to vote, but also the opportunity to elect people of their choice. The NAACP has been there with the great litigator, Thurgood Marshall, who was the first African-American Justice on the Supreme Court, was the chief litigator for the NAACP for many years. He won 29 of 32 cases before the Supreme Court. He was there to fight on behalf of the NAACP. The NAACP is the organization that won Barrows v. Jackson, Shelley v. Kraemer, Brown v. Board of Education. These are lawsuits that allow us to live in the neighborhoods that we live in, to go to the schools that we attend. The truth be told, we eat where we eat and sleep where we sleep because of the NAACP. It is an organization that has brought not only desegregation to American life, but also integration to American life. Many of our institutions were deseg-regated. That meant that a lot of insti-tutions were lost in the process when we desegregated. But we also have inte-grated, and we have brought together persons in new institutions. The NAACP can claim a good deal of responsibility for the integration that we see in the House of Representatives and in the Congress of the United States of America. I can say to you, truthfully, that I believe I am standing here tonight because of the good works of the NAACP, and a good many other persons are here because of the good works of the NAACP as well. I am also proud to tell you tonight that the NAACP has fought for the pas-sage of the Civil Rights Act of 1957, the Civil Rights Act of 1960 and 1964, the Voting Rights Act of 1965. The NAACP has fought for human rights as well as civil rights. The NAACP, in 2005, went beyond human rights and civil rights, in a sense, when it developed a disaster relief fund to help hurricane survivors in Louisiana, Mississippi, Texas, Florida, and Ala-bama. So the NAACP has metamorphosed into an organization that not only deals with the rights of people in the sense of their needs when they are vot-ing and when they are being brought before the justice system, but it has also now metamorphosed into an orga-nization that helps in times of need in general. If there is a storm, you can depend upon the NAACP to be there to be of some help. If persons are suffering as a result of some sort of disaster related to fires, the NAACP is likely to be there to help. The NAACP is also helping abroad. It has been there to help persons in Haiti after the disaster that took place. The NAACP, in 2008, supported the passage of the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007. It was an act that allowed us to have the re-sources to solve some of the heinous crimes that occurred in the early days of the civil rights struggle here in the United States of America. The NAACP celebrated its centennial anniversary in New York City on July 16 of 2009. The NAACP continues to, in 2010, ad-vocate for sentencing reform, some-thing that is still needed to this day and is still being worked on. In 2011, the NAACP led the charge to defend the constitutional right to vote. The NAACP has fought voter suppres-sion laws across the length and breadth of the country. The NAACP elected its new presi-dent, unanimously, Derrick Johnson, in 2017. This organization has been on the front line for justice for all in the United States of America. And I would dare say that, if we did not have the NAACP, we would create it because we need an organization that is willing to step forward and take on the needs of people who, but for the NAACP, wouldn’t have a voice. It is a bold organization. It does not fear the powers that be. It does not, in any way, concern itself with the con-sequences of challenging the establish-ment. It is an organization that has sought to change the status quo. It is an organization that moves people from poverty, in many cases, into an opportunity to move forward into the middle class. So it is an organization that truly benefits all. I am proud to be a member of this au-gust organization. b2000 I will mention a few more things about the organization, and then bring this to closure. But I do want people to know especially that the NAACP does not and has not ever segregated itself from any part of society. It has always sought to bring society together. It has always sought to find some sort of common ground for people to stand on so that we might all move forward to-gether. It has always been an organiza-tion that not only wanted to integrate schools, integrate various parts of our social order, but also wanted to bring a sense of brotherhood to our country. Dr. King indicated that we must transform neighborhoods into brother-hoods. This has also been the work of the NAACP. Rosa Parks, the great NAACP mem-ber who took that seat on the bus and, in so doing, challenged the segregation in the South, the NAACP was there to do these things to bring people to-gether and to help us understand each other. I do believe that America is a much better place because the NAACP has made it such. And if not but for the NAACP, I do believe that the Congress of the United States of America would not be the integrated institution that it is. I think there is still much work to be done, but I am proud that the NAACP has done the work that it has because, in so doing, it has made opportunities available for a good many people who would not have them. So, tonight, I wanted to have it re-solved that the House of Representa-tives of the Congress of the United States of America recognizes the 109th anniversary of the historic founding of the National Association for the Ad-vancement of Colored People, the NAACP. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.123 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1332 February 27, 2018 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. P
AYNE (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for February 26 and today on account of health issues. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until Thursday, March 1, 2018, at 1:30 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4116. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting certification that no United Nations agency or United Nations affiliated agency grants any official status, accredita-tion, or recognition to any organization which promotes and condones or seeks the legalization of pedophilia, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 287e note; Public Law 103-236, Sec. 102(g) (as amended by Public Law 103-415, Sec. 1(o)); (108 Stat. 4301); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4117. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4118. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 17-115; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 4119. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-75, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4120. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-01, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4121. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-66, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4122. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a Report to Congress on Gifts Given by the United States to Foreign Indi-viduals for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to 22 U.S.C.A. 2694; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4123. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 17-021; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 4124. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s Annual Privacy, Data Mining and Semi-annual 803 Reports for FY 2017, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2000ee-2(a)(6); Public Law 108-447, Sec. 522(a)(6); (118 Stat. 3268) and 42 U.S.C. 2000ee-3(c)(1); Public Law 110-53, Sec. 804(c)(1); (121 Stat. 363); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4125. A letter from the Secretary and Treasurer, Financing Corporation, transmit-ting the Corporation’s Statement on the System of Internal Controls and the 2017 Au-dited Financial Statements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4126. A letter from the President and CEO, Inter-American Foundation, transmitting the Foundation’s FY 2017 Annual Perform-ance Report; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4127. A letter from the Secretary and Treasurer, Resolution Funding Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s Statement on the System of Internal Controls and the 2017 Audited Financial Statements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107- 289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4128. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Low-Income Housing Credit Disaster Relief for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico [Notice 2018-17] received February 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 4129. A letter from the Board Members, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the Congressional Justification of Budget Estimates for Fiscal Year 2019, including the Performance Plan, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1115(b); Public Law 111-352, Sec. 3; (124 Stat. 3867) and 45 U.S.C. 231f(f); Aug. 29, 1935, ch. 812, Sec. 7(f) (as amended by Public Law 93- 445, Sec. 416); (97 Stat. 436); jointly to the Committees on Transportation and Infra-structure, Ways and Means, and Appropria-tions. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ESTES of Kansas (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, and Mr. G ALLAGHER ): H.R. 5099. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the De-partment of Homeland Security a fusion cen-ter technical assistance program; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 5100. A bill To amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants to States to establish and operate recovery home certification programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. ROTHFUS , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B
UDD, and Mr. C APUANO ): H.R. 5101. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to pay rewards under an asset recovery rewards program to help iden-tify and recover stolen assets linked to for-eign government corruption and the proceeds of such corruption hidden behind complex fi-nancial structures in the United States and abroad; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. S
ARBANES , and Mr. G UTHRIE ): H.R. 5102. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a loan re-payment program for substance use disorder treatment employees, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B
ASS, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. L
YNCH ): H.R. 5103. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the excise tax and special occupational tax in respect of firearms and to increase the transfer tax on any other weapon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Re-sources, the Judiciary, Education and the Workforce, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ): H.R. 5104. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a special enrollment period under Medicare for indi-viduals enrolled in COBRA continuation cov-erage, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOHO (for himself and Mr. S
MITH of Washington): H.R. 5105. A bill to establish the United States International Development Finance Corporation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 5106. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require issuers to disclose in an annual report any substantial financial relationship with any manufac-turer or dealer of firearms or ammunition; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 5107. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to carry out a grant program to secure elementary schools and secondary schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.126 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1333 February 27, 2018 
ELLISON , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. L
EE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California): H.R. 5108. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for current year inclusion of net CFC tested income, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire (for herself, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. C OURT -
NEY): H.R. 5109. A bill to amend the 21st Century Cures Act to ensure the equitable distribu-tion of resources to address the opioid epi-demic, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 5110. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require institutions of higher education to report revenue generated by each sports team, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and Mr. R
USSELL ): H.R. 5111. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to provide certain purchasing authority for recipients or subrecipients of grants under chapter 53 of title 49 of such Code, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. MASSIE: H.R. 5112. A bill to reduce, from 21 years of age to 18 years of age, the minimum age at which a person may obtain a handgun from a Federal firearms licensee; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BARRAGA´N (for herself, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ): H.R. 5113. A bill to amend title 41, United States Code, to require sexual harassment training for the employees of Federal con-tractors, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. R
ASKIN ): H.R. 5114. A bill to amend the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to take action to eliminate human exposure to asbestos, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana (for himself and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5115. A bill to expand and improve the programs and activities of the Department of Health and Human Services for awareness, education, research, surveillance, diagnosis, and treatment concerning rare diseases and conditions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 5116. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide for the jurisdiction of courts of the United States and of the States over certain foreign entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. CRIST (for himself and Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana): H.R. 5117. A bill to authorize the President to enter into a cooperative project agree-ment with Israel to counter unmanned aerial vehicles that threaten the United States or Israel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. E
LLISON ): H.R. 5118. A bill to establish USAccounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. P
OLIS): H.R. 5119. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to carry out a STEM grant pro-gram; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GAETZ (for himself and Mr. P
OEof Texas): H.R. 5120. A bill to require Presidential ap-pointment and Senate confirmation of For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court judges; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi (for him-self, Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. P
ALAZZO ): H.R. 5121. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to remove the prohibition on eligibility for TRICARE Reserve Select of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who are eligible to enroll in a health benefits plan under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida (for him-self, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. L EE, and Ms. B ASS): H.R. 5122. A bill to amend the Food and Ag-riculture Act of 1977 to provide mandatory funding for grants to upgrade agricultural and food sciences facilities at 1890 land-grant colleges, including Tuskegee University; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself and Mr. C
RIST): H.R. 5123. A bill to abolish the Conscience and Religious Freedom Division in the Office of Civil Rights of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. M
CCOLLUM (for herself and Mr. S
MUCKER ): H.R. 5124. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a community action opioid response grant pro-gram; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. M
CEACHIN (for himself and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 5125. A bill to improve and expand au-thorities, programs, services, and benefits for military spouses and military families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida (for her-self and Mr. M
AST): H.R. 5126. A bill to authorize assistance for procurement of missile defense systems for Israel, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. NAPOLITANO (for herself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia): H.R. 5127. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram for the funding of water recycling and reuse projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. O’HALLERAN (for himself and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico): H.R. 5128. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to award grants to tribal health programs located on reservations im-pacted by uranium mining or milling, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia, Ms. B ASS, Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P AUL-
SEN, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, and Mr. C
ICILLINE ): H.R. 5129. A bill to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 5130. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit the Secretary of a military department to grant veterans ac-cess to certain fitness centers under the ju-risdiction of such Secretary, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. K
ATKO ): H.R. 5131. A bill to improve the effective-ness of Federal efforts to identify and ad-dress homeland security risks to surface transportation, secure against vehicle-based attacks, and conduct a feasibility assess-ment of introducing new security tech-nologies and measures, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. L EE, Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H ECK, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. B EYER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. N
EAL, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. J ACK-
SON LEE, Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. S UOZZI , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. T HOMPSON  of California, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. G
ABBARD , Ms. M OORE , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27FE7.100 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1334 February 27, 2018 
MOULTON , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C RIST, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. K EATING , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. S ABLAN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. P A-
NETTA , Mr. C LAY, Mr. K ILMER , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. S
WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. M ENG, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. B ASS, Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. K
IHUEN , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. B ERA, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, Mr. K
IND, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. S OTO, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. H
OYER , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): H.J. Res. 129. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Restoring Internet Freedom’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUDD (for himself, Mr. M
EAD-
OWS, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mrs. H
ANDEL , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C OLE, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. B OST, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. R
OEof Ten-nessee, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. A RRINGTON , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B RAT, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M
CHENRY , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. G OOD-
LATTE , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. B
ACON , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. E
MMER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. P
ALMER , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida, Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Ms. F
OXX): H.J. Res. 130. A joint resolution honoring the life of William (Billy) F. Graham, Jr; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: H. Con. Res. 108. Concurrent resolution honoring and praising the National Associa-tion for the Advancement of Colored People on the occasion of its 109th anniversary; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MAST (for himself, Mr. H
AS-
TINGS , Mr. D UNN, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. C RIST, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. S OTO, and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS ): H. Con. Res. 109. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing support for the CubeSat Launch Ini-tiative and recognizing the development of WeissSat-1; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. WOMACK (for himself, Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. H
ILL, Ms. H ANABUSA , and Ms. G
ABBARD ): H. Con. Res. 110. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the rich history, heritage, and stra-tegic importance of the Republic of the Mar-shall Islands and the Marshallese population residing in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Foreign Affairs, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ): H. Res. 752. A resolution recognizing the rise of cardiovascular disease as the world’s leading cause of preventable death and dis-ability and as the global public health crisis of our generation and recognizing February 2018 as ‘‘American Heart Month’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, and Mr. K
HANNA ): H. Res. 753. A resolution encouraging peo-ple in the United States to recognize March 2, 2018, as Read Across America Day; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H. Res. 754. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Dominican Heritage Month; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: H. Res. 755. A resolution recognizing and celebrating Black History Month; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER ): H. Res. 756. A resolution expressing support for designation of March 21, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Rosie the Riveter Day’’; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M
EEKS , and Mr. E LLISON ): H. Res. 757. A resolution expressing support for the designation of October 17 as ‘‘Na-tional Vitiligo Awareness Day’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia (for himself, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. S PEIER , and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire): H. Res. 758. A resolution expressing support for designation of the month of February 2018 as ‘‘National Teen Dating Violence Awareness and Prevention Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. ESTES of Kansas: H.R. 5099. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 5100. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 and clause 18 of section 8 of article I By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 5101. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 section 8 Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 5102. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 5103. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 5104. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 5105. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 5106. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3—interstate commerce clause By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 5107. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all laws that shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 5108. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 5109. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 5110. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: As described in Article 1, Section 1, ‘‘all legislative powers herein granted shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27FE7.100 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1335 February 27, 2018 
vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution provides Congress with the author-ity to ‘‘provide for the common Defense and general Welfare’’ of Americans. In the Department of Education Organiza-tion Act (P.L. 96–88), Congress declared that ‘‘the establishment of a Department of Edu-cation is in the public interest, will promote the general welfare of the United States, will help ensure that education issues receive proper treatment at the Federal level, and will enable the Federal Government to co-ordinate its education activities more effec-tively.’’ The Department of Education’s mis-sion is to ‘‘promote student achievement and preparation for global competitiveness by fostering educational excellence and ensur-ing equal access.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5111. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. MASSIE: H.R. 5112. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Second Amendment to the U.S. Con-stitution gives Congress the authority to enact legislation that ensures access to fire-arms. By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 5113. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 5114. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 5115. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of Article I of the Con-stitution. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 5116. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. CRIST: H.R. 5117. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5118. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 Section 8 of Article 1: The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 5119. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. GAETZ: H.R. 5120. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 5121. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 5122. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 5123. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Consitution By Ms. M
CCOLLUM: H.R. 5124. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. M
CEACHIN: H.R. 5125. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 5126. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 14: To make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Nec-essary and Proper Clause By Mrs. NAPOLITANO: H.R. 5127. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 5128. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 5129. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 5130. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 5131. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.J. Res. 129. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8—‘‘necessary and prop-er’’ clause. By Mr. BUDD: H.J. Res. 130. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 15: Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 34: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 51: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 113: Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 389: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 392: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 525: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 592: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. B UDD. H.R. 754: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. B UDD. H.R. 785: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 816: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 820: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE and Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 846: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 878: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 911: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 914: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 936: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 959: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1002: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 1060: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1120: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 1134: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida and Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 1150: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 1200: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1227: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 1276: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 1278: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1295: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C
OFFMAN , and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 1326: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 1409: Mrs. L
AWRENCE and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 1434: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1444: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1456: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1458: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1472: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 1478: Mr. M
ASTand Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 1515: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1552: Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 1612: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1683: Mr. K
INZINGER and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1784: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 1802: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 1813: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 1836: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 1903: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 1928: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1953: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 1957: Ms. B
ASSand Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN. H.R. 2005: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2012: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2050: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 2150: Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G
IBBS, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. E MMER , and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 2174: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. N ORMAN . H.R. 2278: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 2285: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2345: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2380: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2428: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2452: Mr. Y
ARMUTH and Mr. B ACON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.057 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1336 February 27, 2018 
H.R. 2553: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 2561: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 2598: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C RIST, Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. B ASS, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. B ERA, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. T
SONGAS , and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 2599: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 2640: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 2652: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 2723: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 2784: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2827: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2841: Mr. C
OHEN and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2851: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 2895: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2902: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 2913: Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. M AST, and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 2952: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2987: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 3144: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 3174: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 3222: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 3249: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 3252: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3301: Mr. R
OSS, Mr. T ROTT , and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 3349: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3378: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 3464: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. K EATING , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 3520: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 3574: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3586: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 3592: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 3605: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3642: Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 3654: Mr. T
ONKO and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 3671: Mr. J
EFFRIES and Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California. H.R. 3692: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3709: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 3751: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 3767: Ms. ROYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 3889: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 3918: Mr. M
EEHAN and Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 3938: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3975: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 3999: Mr. M
ASTand Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 4022: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. L
OVE, and Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 4057: Mr. R
UIZand Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 4097: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 4099: Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 4107: Mrs. D
INGELL and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. H.R. 4177: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 4180: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 4198: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4202: Ms. B
ASSand Mr. F ASO. H.R. 4222: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4229: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 4234: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 4240: Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. C RIST, Mr. C LY-
BURN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. L EE, Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Ms. B ASS, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. M AST, Mr. S OTO, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. K IHUEN , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. L AWSON  of Florida, Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. E VANS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4275: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 4327: Mrs. H
ANDEL , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 4342: Mr. S
IRES and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 4343: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4344: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4345: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 4392: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 4445: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 4471: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 4490: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4548: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 4575: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 4635: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 4673: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 4677: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 4706: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4747: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. F ASO, Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 4766: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 4770: Mr. T
ROTT and Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 4775: Mr. S
ABLAN and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4811: Mr. C
OLE, Mr. M AST, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 4827: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 4829: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 4830: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 4831: Mr. B
LUMand Mr. F ASO. H.R. 4846: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4859: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4881: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 4904: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4912: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4916: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4922: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4942: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4949: Ms. P
LASKETT . H.R. 4957: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4973: Mr. D
AVIDSON . H.R. 5001: Mr. Y
ARMUTH and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 5006: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5012: Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 5022: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 5041: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 5071: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 5074: Mr. K
ATKO and Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 5087: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. C OOPER , and Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 5090: Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. D
ENT. H.J. Res. 1: Mr. L
ATTA . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. L
ATTA . H.J. Res. 122: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. H OL-
LINGSWORTH , and Mr. R OUZER . H. Con. Res. 49: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H. Con. Res. 66: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. H
UNTER . H. Res. 157: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 188: Mr. P
ETERSON . H. Res. 274: Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Mr. C APUANO . H. Res. 621: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. C APU-
ANO. H. Res. 673: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H. Res. 730: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H. Res. 738: Mr. G
OMEZ . H. Res. 746: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.044 H27FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1223 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2018 No. 35 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
EN S
ASSE, a Senator from the State of Ne-braska. 
f 
PRAYER The PRESIDING OFFICER. Today’s opening prayer will be offered by Rabbi Seth H. Frisch, senior rabbi of Historic Congregation Kesher Israel, from Philadelphia, PA. The guest Chaplain offered the fol-lowing prayer: Dearest God, we look to You today, You who remembers all that we have forgotten and You who is the eternal source of blessing. We stand before You on the eve of the Biblical Festival of Purim, a joyous time in which we read from the ancient and sacred scroll of the Book of Esther. It is in the scroll we read at first of a certain darkness, a darkness which would come to envelope the entire na-tion over which Esther would soon reign as Queen. It was Queen Esther who became frightened when the plan revealing a plot to erase the sacred remnants of her people, along with the fundamental teachings of her faith, came to light; and yet it was Esther, who, when con-fronted by the impending darkness, was able to bring the plot to an end, al-lowing her people to emerge from the shadow of darkness—of this horror— and live freely, without fear, cele-brating life itself in the light of their newfound freedom. And now, standing here today, before You, on the eve of this festival, we, too, ask that You remember us for life, instilling within us a greater love of freedom, seeking both peace and pros-perity for all the inhabitants of this great Nation. And yet, Dear Lord, we would be re-miss if we were not to remember those who have sacrificed much, suffered, and paid dearly with their lives, allowing all of us—to this day—a life of freedom without fear, worshiping as we choose, and continuing to bask in that greater love which You shed and allow us to live within. Teach us now and forever to cele-brate our differences. Unify us to pre-serve and admire those differences among us—all of us—with respect and dignity for all the inhabitants of this Nation. Lord, we ask You to bestow Your blessings today upon this assembly and upon the Nation which it serves. Bless all the inhabitants of this land with both prosperity and lasting joy, love, and freedom. Yevarechecha Adonai, V’Yishmerecha. May God bless you and keep you. May God bless the United States of America, and may God bless us all. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, February 27, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable B
ENSASSE, a Senator from the State of Nebraska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. SASSE thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
GUN SAFETY  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, after Columbine, Sandy Hook, Charleston, Orlando, Las Vegas, and too many more to name, the Nation convulsed, and we talked about reforming our gun safety laws to prevent more names and places from being added to the list. Each time, we talked, but the Senate, the House—this government—did noth-ing. Now, in the wake of the tragic shoot-ing at Stoneman Douglas High School that took the lives of another 17 Amer-icans, we must try again to pass mean-ingful changes to our laws to keep our children safe. That is our duty, and there are many things we could and should pursue. Yesterday, I suggested that com-prehensive background checks would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.000 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1224 February 27, 2018 
be an excellent and necessary place to start. It doesn’t make sense that we allow anyone, regardless of his crimi-nal history—felons—or a history of mental illness, to walk into a gun show or to go online and buy a gun with no questions asked. There is no sense in that. When I wrote the Brady Law back in 1993, gun shows were not popular, and we didn’t have internet sales to worry about at the time because there was no internet. These loopholes grew and grew and grew over time. Now, it is hard to know the exact number be-cause we don’t record the number of guns that are sold at gun shows or on-line, but about one-fifth of all gun sales happen without there being back-ground checks. It is likely that criminals and others who are up to no good have a higher percentage because they do not want to be detected and go through background checks. It is outrageous that so many guns are sold with there being no back-ground checks whatsoever—whether you are a felon, one who is adjudicated mentally ill, or a spousal abuser. It is outrageous. We should close those loop-holes and close them now. We should have comprehensive background checks, not just a little something here and a little something there. Com-prehensive background checks are sup-ported overwhelmingly by the Amer-ican people. Later this morning, just in about 15, 20 minutes, I will be meeting with sev-eral of the students—the brave, coura-geous students—from Stoneman Doug-las High School. I want to hear what they have to say. These brave students, whether at the Florida statehouse or on national television, have spoken out with passion, with eloquence, with grace. I believe they are changing the way our country thinks about this issue. I hope—I pray—they compel us to do something significant because we cannot settle for half measures, not after what happened in Florida, not after so many tragedies. The fix NICS bill is an idea that has wide support in this Chamber, but it is tiny. It is a grant program that ad-dresses one specific issue. Now, we have a whole host of issues to address, not just one. Fix NICS was aimed by the Senator from Texas at a particular tragedy in Texas by which a member of the Air Force had a record that would have disqualified him from getting a gun, but the Air Force failed to send the statement to NICS. It is a good thing to make sure that doesn’t hap-pen, but we should not be aiming our gun legislation simply at one past trag-edy. We must look to the future and what will prevent future tragedies. Comprehensive background checks will; the Fix NICS bill will not. So let’s not set our sights too narrow and squander this moment. Let’s try for significant, bipartisan legislation that will make a real difference in keeping our children safe. Even as our caucus discusses what legislation is best—and in our leadership meeting, we had an outstanding discussion this morning—I look forward to working with our Republican colleagues to see if we can get something real done. 
NET NEUTRALITY  
Mr. President, on another matter, today Senate Democrats will be intro-ducing our legislation to reverse the FCC’s repeal of net neutrality. It has the support of every single Democrat and one Senate Republican, Senator C
OLLINS from the State of Maine. I say to all my Republican col-leagues: This CRA is the best way to undo the terrible decision to repeal net neutrality. It is an important debate. At stake are two opposing visions of the future of the internet. For its entire history, the internet has been free and open, accessible to all Americans. It has been a true public good, just as our highways have. Whether you are on Main Street or Wall Street, you have the same inter-net. Whether you are a consumer or big corporation, you have the same inter-net. Whether you are a teacher in a wealthy school or an underresourced school, you have the same internet. Equality of access has driven innova-tion and entrepreneurship and so much of what we value in the American spir-it and the American economy. It is the American way. Net neutrality rules were put in place to ensure that the internet re-mains that way—open and equal access to all, no matter who you are, how much money you have, how much power you have. But the repeal by the Republican-led FCC has opened us to an entirely new universe where inter-net service providers—the big boys— will have the authority to sell quality internet to the highest bidder. That means they could restrict customers’ access to their favorite websites by forcing them to buy internet packages or pay more for premium services. Big companies could pay to get faster internet service, while startups and small businesses and average Ameri-cans are left in the slow lane. Everything from Netflix, to Amazon Prime, to Spotify, streaming tele-vision, sports, and movies could be slower if you don’t pay up. Public schools that don’t pay for pre-mium service could be put at a signifi-cant disadvantage. Startups that are looking to get their businesses off the ground but aren’t large enough to negotiate faster internet delivery with ISPs might never take off. Our startups in New York are scared to death of the elimi-nation of net neutrality, and they have created hundreds of thousands of jobs in my city and millions throughout the country. The internet without net neutrality is a tale of two internets, where the best internet goes to the highest bidder and everyone else loses. We have an opportunity to save the internet with our CRA, which would re-institute net neutrality rules that keep the internet just the way it is now. Democrats believe that the future of the internet must be as free and open as in the past; that the startup founder living in her parents’ basement should be able to compete with the world’s largest corporations; that the young student in an underserved school dis-trict should be able to find all the in-formation he needs online; that every American should be able to afford eas-ily accessible internet. If we start gra-dating the internet, it could dramati-cally hurt our economy and hurt equal-ity in America—something we are all striving for. Right now, unfortunately, only one Republican has signed up for the fair, open vision of an internet that we need and want to keep. All we need is one more. On this net neutrality day of ac-tion, I urge all Americans to contact their Senators and demand they sign up with us to save the internet. 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL  
Mr. President, finally, a word on the Republican tax bill. When President Trump and congressional Republicans were trying to sell their tax bill, all we heard about was how it is going to be a boon to workers, stimulate invest-ments in new factories, raise wages, and create jobs. It is a few months after the tax bill, and the promises have not been backed up by the evi-dence. Now the evidence is flowing in that corporations are spending the lion’s share of the benefits they reap on the tax bill not on workers but on goosing their own stock. A headline from Monday’s New York Times states ‘‘Trump’s Tax Cuts in Hand, Companies Spend More on Them-selves Than on Wages.’’ The article goes on to document how the Repub-lican tax bill has unleashed a wave of share buybacks and stock repurchasing programs, things which help out rich executives and shareholders but don’t accomplish much for everyday Amer-ican workers. If you are a CEO of a company, you are judged by whether your stock is going up. The quickest hit on that is to buy back your shares, reduce the number. It doesn’t help your workers, it doesn’t help American pro-ductivity, but it helps your bottom line, Mr. CEO. That is so wrong, that we passed a huge tax bill and put ourselves in deep debt so that much of the money can go to corporate executives—not improving the actual performance of their compa-nies but just raising the value of their stock by buybacks. That is so wrong. The article in the New York Times documents how the Republican tax bill has unleashed this wave of share buybacks and stock repurchasing pro-grams, which, as I said, helps out rich executives and shareholders but doesn’t accomplish much for everyday workers. Rather than investing in new equip-ment and research, raising wages, pro-viding better benefits, and raising pro-ductivity, which we are so short of here 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.001 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1225 February 27, 2018 
in America right now, corporate Amer-ica is using the Trump tax cut to give itself a raise. At Morgan Stanley—hardly a left-wing company—the analysts surveyed a bunch of companies, and the compa-nies surveyed said that they would pass only 13 percent of the Trump tax cut savings on to workers, compared to the 43 percent that go to share buybacks. For manufacturers—we all care about manufacturing—it is even worse. They expect 9 percent to go to workers and 47 percent to go to share buybacks. Republicans made a conscious deci-sion to give corporations and the wealthiest Americans the lion’s share of the tax cuts and promised it would trickle down to everybody else. Unfor-tunately, trickle-down never works. Corporate America is doing what is best for corporate America, and work-ing America is getting left behind. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The assistant Democratic leader. 
GUN SAFETY  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, a few years ago, an author named Malcolm Gladwell wrote a book titled ‘‘The Tip-ping Point.’’ He spelled out that in the course of history, when something oc-curs that changes people’s thinking and actions, it is a precipitous moment where what has been done for so long stops, is reevaluated, and a different course is followed. The clear question we have in America today is whether we have reached a tipping point when it comes to gun violence. It has only been 13 days since the tragedy in Parkland, FL. Look at what has happened since. Of course there is outrage, sadness, and mourning for the families who lost these wonderful stu-dents, teachers, and administrators, but beyond that, these high school stu-dents—17, 18 years old, some even younger—have become a national voice, a powerful voice on the issue of gun safety in schools. I often wondered when this moment might occur or whether it would occur. There has been such a long litany and string of mass shootings and mas-sacres. It is sad to say that there was a numbness setting in. When terrible things occurred in places like Las Vegas, Texas, and other States, you wondered, is that the event? Will the killing of those innocent children in Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut be the tipping point? Will America finally say ‘‘enough’’? It ap-pears that on this day, 13 days after the tragedy in Florida, we are near or at a tipping point when it comes to gun safety. Some of it is very personal. Two weeks ago, after this occurred, my 6- year-old granddaughter said to her mother that she had been warned in her first grade classroom that if a shooter should turn up at school firing a gun, first, she should stay away from the windows, and second, she should lie down on the floor. I can’t tell you what a profound impact that had on me as a grandfather to think that my little first grader, this beautiful little girl, was worried about the moment when somebody would walk in her classroom and wantonly try to kill the students and teachers who are there. I cannot believe that any sane person believes that the Second Amendment to the Constitution—the right to bear arms—envisioned that possibility. I am sure it didn’t. I am sure our Founding Fathers—and we can debate for the rest of the day what their words actu-ally meant—never envisioned that an American citizen’s right to bear arms could somehow translate into violence against so many innocent people, as it has over and over again. Last week, I was in Chicago. I was joined at a press conference by gun safety advocates at the Martin Luther King Jr. Community Center on the South Side. We stood together, victims of gun violence and I, at a press con-ference. With me were advocates from Hadiya’s Promise and the Illinois Council Against Handgun Violence, who have been working together for years to combat the scourge gun vio-lence in Illinois. I also stood with Pat-rick Korellis, who was wounded on Feb-ruary 14 10 years ago at a mass school shooting at Northern Illinois Univer-sity in DeKalb, IL. A new voice came to join us, a grad-uate from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL, named Francyn Brown. She graduated from Stoneman Douglas in 2009. She is cur-rently a law student at the Chicago- Kent College of Law. She is one of doz-ens of Stoneman Douglas graduates in the Chicago area—which include, inci-dentally, the first baseman for the Chi-cago Cubs, Anthony Rizzo—and hun-dreds, if not thousands, nationwide who joined together in the aftermath of the February 14 mass shooting that killed 14 Stoneman Douglas students and 3 staff. These young men and women have come together to speak up and urge their lawmakers to do some-thing about the Nation’s epidemic of gun violence. The message is starting to resonate. When Francyn Brown was speaking last Wednesday, students at schools across the Chicagoland area were walk-ing out of class in solidarity with Stoneman Douglas students. They are all calling for commonsense gun re-form. These students don’t have time or patience for political games in Washington or Springfield. They have seen their friends, kids just like them-selves, get shot in their classrooms and neighborhoods. They have had enough. Francyn Brown said: 
It’s not supposed to matter what side of the aisle a politician sits. We are supposed to all protect the future of our children. 
I couldn’t agree more. These students and young people across the country are changing the de-bate about gun violence. They are making it clear how absurd it is for lawmakers in this Chamber, across the rotunda, or in State capitals to do nothing when Americans get shot every day in their homes, their neigh-borhoods, their churches, nightclubs, concerts, and schools. They are fed up with politicians in Washington who ig-nore the overwhelming majority of Americans who want commonsense gun safety and listen instead to paranoid, bullying gun sales lobbyists. Remember, the National Rifle Asso-ciation and its allies oppose virtually anything that hurts gun sales. They fight against proposals that might re-duce gun sales, and they try to roll back laws on the books that limit them. That is their agenda. But it is not America’s agenda. Corporate Amer-ica is starting to walk away from the NRA. It is no longer a source of pride that they are doing business with the National Rifle Association—just the opposite. We are seeing company after company end relationships with the NRA because of its increasingly un-hinged and hysterical rhetoric on the issue of gun safety. Corporate Amer-ica—some of the biggest corporations in our Nation—realize that the NRA no longer speaks for responsible gun own-ers. When will Congress realize this? We know we need to act to keep our children safe. There is no single reform that can stop every shooting, but we know there are gaps in our gun laws that make it easy for criminals, abus-ers, troubled children, and mentally unstable people to get guns, even mili-tary assault weapons with bump stocks and high-capacity magazines. We need to close these gaps, and that requires the Republicans who control Congress to stand up to the NRA and do something that the NRA might not like. For starters, my Republican col-leagues could take up legislation that the leader of their party, President Trump, proposed last Thursday. Here is one of the President’s infamous tweets: I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to fi-nally do something on this issue—I hope! 
And I hope as well. There are proposals that Americans broadly support. Let’s do something. Of course, the NRA is opposed to most of these. We expected that. These pro-posals might have some negative im-pact on gun sales, but is the gun sales lobby now in charge of writing bills for the Senate and the House? Deferring to the NRA is the reason we have reached this moment in history. Remember, the Senate has held one gun vote since President Trump came to office, and it was a vote to prevent mental health records from the Social Security Administration from going into the FBI’s gun background check system. That is the only vote since the Trump administration took office. It is the only thing we have done here—roll back a law on the books on mental health and background checks. That was a giveaway to the gun lobby, which claims to support enforcing the laws on the books but actually tries to roll 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.004 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1226 February 27, 2018 
back those laws if it means helping to lift their sales. Let’s show the students at Stoneman Douglas and across the country that we hear them. I hope we show that reduc-ing gun violence is a priority. I call on my Republican colleagues to join the Democrats in a bipartisan ef-fort to treat the issue of gun safety with the sense of urgency that the American people believe is necessary. If Republicans gave a fraction of the ef-fort to gun safety that they have to other issues, we could get this done— and done quickly. There are plenty of reforms we could pass that are com-pletely consistent with the Second Amendment and would save lives. Even President Trump, for the time being, has said that he supports them. So let’s get started. Not on a give-away to the gun lobby—let’s work on closing loopholes. Let’s have universal background checks. Over 90 percent of the American people believe we should keep guns out of the hands of convicted felons and mentally unstable people. I also believe that those who are subject to protective orders for domestic vio-lence should be disqualified from buy-ing a gun. I would say that those who are on the terrorist watch list, whom we do not allow to fly on airplanes be-cause of fear that they could do harm to others, shouldn’t be allowed to buy guns in the United States. I want to add a provision that straw purchasers— the girlfriends with no criminal record who buy the weapons to give to the boyfriends with a long criminal record—ought to have the book thrown at them. Let’s get to work. I want to thank the victims and ad-vocates who have worked for many years to help reduce the epidemic of gun violence. I want them to know we stand with them, and I hope we can all stand with them on a bipartisan basis. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority whip. 
FIX NICS BILL  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I heard the remarks of my colleague from Illi-nois, and I, too, hope that we can get past the rhetoric and the talking points of the past and actually do something meaningful when it comes to public safety and address the ter-rible tragedies like the one that oc-curred at Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida just 2 weeks ago. But we are not going to do it by trotting out our laundry lists of requests and saying that it has to be all of this or nothing because when you say here in Washington—and particularly in Con-gress—‘‘I want everything on my list or I want nothing,’’ one thing is for sure. You will end up with nothing, and that simply is an unacceptable outcome, particularly when it comes to the pub-lic safety crisis manifested here most recently at Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida. We know that there were many, many failures; you might even call this a systemic failure when it comes to the children at Stoneman Douglas High School. First and foremost, why didn’t Federal and local law enforcement fol-low up on threats and warnings? This young man, the shooter who took the lives of 17 people, telegraphed in very clear, unmistakable language what he intended to do, but the very people whom we trust and entrust with public safety at the Federal and State levels did not respond. We know that the alleged shooter was expelled from school for discipli-nary reasons. We know that deputies in Broward County received at least 18 calls warning them over the course of several years—18 calls. We know about the disturbing YouTube posts, where the shooter basically said what he in-tend to do and did, in fact, do later. We know that the FBI received many dis-turbing tips from citizens about the imminent danger posed by the shooter. Another question is whether mental health officials could have done more. We know that this young man had a long history of violent outbursts. We are told that in 2016 he reportedly at-tempted suicide by drinking gasoline. He had been accused of verbal slurs against racial and religious minorities. We know that Florida has a State law, as some have advocated at the Federal level, that permits forced hos-pitalization of people in mental health crises, but it seems that in this par-ticular case, mental health workers concluded that this individual was sta-ble at the time they examined him. Why and how was that determination made, and why does that stand in such stark contrast to the picture that we have been able to draw as a result of all the information that we received since this terrible shooting? If law enforce-ment, public health workers, and school officials were communicating and coordinating effectively, would they have made the same decisions in this case? Could they have made a dif-ference in the outcome? Well, I think we need the answers to those ques-tions. There are two other questions we need to answer as well. One is why and how did the shooter have access to fire-arms in the first place? Another is why didn’t the school’s armed resource offi-cer intervene once the shooting began? All of us are angry at the fact that this shooting happened, but that shouldn’t tempt us into easy solutions that at the end of the day wouldn’t make any difference in the outcome and wouldn’t do any good. That is what we tend to get here in Congress when we have hard issues like this—easy so-lution talking points that lead to no ef-fective action. We can’t let that happen here. As one columnist put it last week, we can’t fall victim to ‘‘the poli-tics of false hope.’’ The most frequent refrain I hear in Washington after some tragedy like this occurs is ‘‘We need to do some-thing.’’ Well, we need to do something effective, something that would change the likely outcome. We may not be able to protect every citizen against terrible tragedies like this, but there are things we can do that will make things better and that will be effective in changing the outcome and, I believe, in saving lives. Real solutions require us to look at why the FBI and local law enforcement failed to respond to multiple warnings. I asked one police officer about this, and he said: Well, in America we can’t arrest somebody for precrimes. In other words, we can’t arrest somebody for an offense that they haven’t com-mitted yet. It is perhaps a flaw that is exposed in our system when, unfortu-nately, we can’t anticipate who might commit these terrible offenses and stop them before they commit the act. That is a feature of our law enforcement sys-tem, but this isn’t just another job for law enforcement. There are a lot more people who could contribute to a solu-tion here and prevent these incidents from happening beyond law enforce-ment, who are, by our very Constitu-tion, structured to investigate and prosecute crimes that have already oc-curred, not to stop them in the first place. I think a fair question to ask is, What is the role of social media in pre-venting mass violence? When you have people basically telling us what they are getting ready to do and posting those on social media and nothing seems to happen as a consequence, it strikes me that something is terribly wrong there. What is the responsibility of these platforms? Well, we know that Congress has said, for example, that you have a responsibility to police your platform for things like child por-nography. In other words, they can’t be totally oblivious to the things that are being posted on these social media platforms. They have a responsibility to intervene in some cases, and maybe it ought to be in more cases. What options currently exist to re-porting disturbing content online? I be-lieve in the YouTube video case, it was someone who actually saw it, was dis-turbed by it, and then reported it to the FBI. It was not even YouTube itself that identified it. Of course, they would be in the best position to iden-tify it immediately. It was some third party who happened to see it, was dis-turbed by it, and contacted the FBI. Tragically, it was never followed up on. How often are these popular platforms reporting to police or Federal authori-ties when people actually threaten to commit acts of violence? If there are holes in the reporting protocol, we should close them. That is why I think this is a systemic failure. When you look at mental health providers, when you look at law enforcement officials, when you look at the schools, when you look at the social media platforms, when you look at all of this together, I think it begins to give us some ideas about things we can do that may end up saving lives, and we should do them. Members are discussing many ideas, which always happens after a tragedy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.005 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1227 February 27, 2018 
like this, and I am open to a conversa-tion with anyone who shares my desire to take effective action to prevent an-other one of these tragedies. There is one proposal that has already been in-troduced that has won bipartisan sup-port and has brought together advo-cates from all sides. It is really a unique piece of legislation because there are not many times that I can think of where people who are strong Second Amendment advocates and peo-ple who believe there ought to be more controls imposed on guns can come to-gether to find consensus, to find com-mon ground, but we have on a bill called the Fix NICS Act, which I intro-duced to strengthen the background check system. It may take a long time to answer all the questions raised by the tragedy in Parkland, but one step we can take right now is to pass the Fix NICS bill. This bill has the unique quality of causing the junior Senator from Con-necticut and me to cointroduce this bill. We couldn’t be more ideologically different. He is a Democrat and I am a Republican, but we have come together on a bill that does enjoy broad bipar-tisan support and that, I believe, will save lives. This bill was introduced in the wake of the shooting last fall in the small community near San Antonio called Sutherland Springs, TX. As we will re-call, a deranged gunman with a crimi-nal record and a history of violence and mental illness opened fire during a Sunday morning church service, kill-ing 26 people and wounding 20 more. To add to the tragedy that had already oc-curred, this murderer’s criminal con-viction records were never uploaded to the FBI’s National Instant Criminal Background Check System. When he went to purchase firearms, he lied about his record, and there was nothing in the criminal background check sys-tem to show that he lied and thus deny him the opportunity to purchase weap-ons. This failure to enforce our back-ground check law allowed this shooter to walk into a gun store, pass a back-ground check, and illegally purchase a firearm. This bipartisan legislation would tighten the National Instant Back-ground Check System. It is supported by people all across the political spec-trum. It is even cosponsored by the Democratic leader, Senator S
CHUMER , and is supported by Everytown for Gun Safety. It has brought together all sides in the gun debate—leaders on the Republican side and Democratic side alike. Under current law, mentally ill indi-viduals and persons convicted of vio-lent crimes are prohibited by current law from purchasing or possessing fire-arms. This is to make sure that these laws are enforced and that criminal history information is uploaded into the NICS Federal database by State and Federal authorities. For years, our colleagues across the aisle have said that they want reform that would help stem the tide of gun violence perpetrated by dangerous criminals. Well, this is their chance. This is our chance. It is our chance to show the Nation that we refuse to ac-cept shootings in schools and churches as the new normal, and we can do that. We can start doing that by passing Fix NICS this week. Senator SCHUMER , the minority lead-er, said yesterday that he wants to wait, even though he is a cosponsor of the Fix NICS bill. He is a cosponsor of the bill, but he says that he wants to wait. He wants to wait and debate other ideas he knows are controversial and can’t pass. Of course, that is his right as a Senator, but as I said earlier, if our attitude is ‘‘I want everything on my list or nothing,’’ we are going to end up with nothing. I, for one, am not willing to go home and look my constituents in the face and say that we had an opportunity to pass legislation, the Fix NICS bill, which will save lives in the future and will make sure that existing laws are enforced. I will not be able to go home and tell them, in good faith, that we have done everything we can in our power to help save lives. We can do that by passing bipartisan legislation that could pass today if it were put on the floor and voted on by a super-majority of the Senate. I implore our Democratic colleagues to change course. Let’s do the art of the possible. That is what politics is, the art of the possible. Let’s do what we can immediately to pass Fix NICS and build from there. I am willing to work with them. The President is will-ing to work with them on things like bump stocks and the mental health failure, trying to make sure that our schools are safer and to make sure that social media platforms report threats of violence to law enforcement officials so they can be followed up on. There are a lot of other things we can do, but the one thing we can do this week before we go home is to pass the Fix NICS bill and to send it to the House and have the President sign it into law. It will save lives. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Senate will soon vote to confirm an-other fine candidate to serve on the Federal bench. Yesterday afternoon, we voted to ad-vance the nomination of Judge Eliza-beth Branch for the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals. Judge Branch has sat on the Georgia Court of Appeals since 2012. This follows a fine career that spanned both private practice and pub-lic service. Judge Branch has previously an-swered the call to serve at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, where she worked as associate general counsel, and then at the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. Her record and qualifications are well known. Our colleagues on the Judiciary Com-mittee reported her nomination favor-ably by an overwhelming vote. Con-firming this worthy nominee will be a further credit to the outstanding work of Chairman GRASSLEY and the mem-bers of the committee. I encourage all my colleagues to join me in voting to confirm Elizabeth Branch today. Let’s continue to fulfill our constitutional responsibility and confirm the President’s outstanding ju-dicial nominees. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the fol-lowing nomination: Executive Calendar No. 387. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of William Northey, of Iowa, to be Under Sec-retary of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Northey nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the mo-tion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table and the Presi-dent will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Utah. 
REMEMBERING FREDERICK DOUGLASS  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, 200 years ago this month, a man was born into slav-ery in a cabin not far from here in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.006 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1228 February 27, 2018 
Maryland. The child knew his mother only briefly; they were cruelly sepa-rated when he was young. He knew his father only by the rumors. He didn’t even know the exact day of his birth. Yes, even his birthday—for many of us, that foundational aspect of identity— was denied him by the cruel master of slavery. This slave was whipped and beaten. His days were filled with toil. His nights were filled with restless turning on a packed dirt floor. But that is not where the story ends—no, it is only the beginning of the incredible life of Fred-erick Douglass, the great abolitionist, orator, and one of the greatest Ameri-cans ever to live. As Douglass would later write in his memoirs, ‘‘You have seen how a man was made a slave. You shall see how a slave was made a man.’’ For all its terrible might—its blood-hounds and its implements of torture— slavery was not built to withstand Frederick Douglass, just as it was not built to withstand the universal desire for freedom that lies within the heart of man. Douglass knew that the first step to freedom was education, so he taught himself to read in secrecy because slaves were punished for learning to read. Around the time he was 12, he got hold of an old textbook called ‘‘The Co-lumbian Orator.’’ Little did Douglass know that around that same time, the same textbook was being studied on the Illinois prairie by a young man named Abraham Lincoln. In that text-book, Douglass found speeches by George Washington and Benjamin Franklin—men who revolted against tyranny to claim their liberty. In that book, he also found a fictional dialogue between a slave and his master where the master brought forward ‘‘the whole argument in behalf of slavery . . . all of which was disposed of by the slave.’’ Douglass wrote: This exchange ‘‘gave tongue to interesting thoughts of [his] soul.’’ It kindled his burning convic-tion that slavery was wrong and he must escape it. From that moment on, Douglass was a grave threat to the very institution of slavery itself. He was free in his own mind. Douglass’ journey ‘‘from the tomb of slavery, to the heaven of freedom’’ would go through many dramatic twists and turns before its conclusion. When a notorious slave breaker tried to beat him for disobeying orders, Douglass wrestled him into submission. He insisted on being treated as a man, and from that day forward, he was never whipped again. Douglass’ first attempt at escape was a failure, thwarted at the last minute by a betrayal of confidence. He did not fail a second time. In 1938, traveling in disguise under an assumed identity, Douglass took a steamboat north to the blessedness of freedom. At this point in the story, you might expect Douglass to fade from history, to enjoy a modest and tranquil life with his wife and his children. But no—the former slave, who taught himself to read through the words of Cicero and Wash-ington, went on to be history’s most el-oquent witness against slavery. He de-nounced the bloody institution in 1,000 speeches and from the pages of his own abolitionist newspaper, The North Star, and he denounced slavery firmly from inside the American tradition. Like many radical abolitionists, at times Frederick Douglass was pro-foundly ambivalent about his own country. Indeed, there was a time in his early adulthood when he affirma-tively hated the United States, prefer-ring disunion to union with slaveholders. But Frederick Douglass later came to a different conclusion about America. When he read the Na-tion’s founding documents, he did not find codified defenses of slavery; to the contrary, he found that the com-promises the Founders had made to slavery were meant to undermine that institution over time, not to sustain it. What Douglass found in the Founders was quite different from what he had expected to find. He later said: Their message ‘‘is ‘We the people’; not we the white people, not even we the citizens, not we the privileged class, not we the high, not we the low, but we the peo-ple.’’ Douglass was an activist, yes, a mili-tant, yes, who led recruiting drives for Black soldiers during the Civil War. But for all of his righteous anger, he did not want to cast aside the prin-ciples of his country. Douglass knew that the most powerful antidote to in-justice was found within the American tradition, with its insistence on nat-ural rights for all men. Douglass wrote: 
From the first, I saw no chance of bettering the condition of the freedman until he should cease to be merely a freedman and should become a citizen. . . . The liberties of the American people [are] dependent upon the ballot-box, the jury-box, and the car-tridge-box; that without these no class of people could live and flourish in this coun-try. 
Frederick Douglass has many lessons to teach us if we are willing to listen. I would like to highlight just one more, which I think is especially relevant to us today. At the end of his famous autobiog-raphy, Frederick Douglass contrasted two societies: the slaveholder society he was born into and the northern soci-ety where he was reborn in freedom. The slave society he described was built on force and fraud. Its religion had been perverted to serve earthly idols. Its families were torn apart at the auction block. Its workers toiled to no reward. This society had been poisoned by its rejection of the Amer-ican creed, by its insistence that all men are not created equal. Indeed, it had become an authoritarian society that policed movement, association, even intimacy. And for what? To pro-tect a hideous falsehood. The free society Douglass described was different. Here, a man could hold an honest job, and he worked because his work was rewarded, not because he feared punishment. Here, a runaway slave could make a name for himself, rising to a position of esteem in his community through his service. Here, a family could put down roots and flour-ish. Those are two very different soci-eties, guided by very different beliefs. One is a weak community hiding be-hind a show of strength. The other is a strong and free community with abso-lutely nothing to hide. Today we are blessedly free from the institution of slavery, but our commu-nities have their own problems. The American family is in crisis. Our pris-ons are full, and our pews are empty. Heroin and opioids enslave millions. Many more are killed before they even get the chance to live. Yes, we have our own battles to fight. In too many ways, we have fallen short of the high principles upon which our Nation was built. That ultimately is why the legacy of Frederick Douglass is so very important. He implored his generation to heal itself of its greatest disease. He calls upon us to do the same. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. YOUNG ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, all postcloture time on the Branch nomination expire at 4 p.m. today and the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate. Finally, if confirmed, the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess as under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:18 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). The Senator from Ohio. 
HONORING OFFICERS ANTHONY MORELLI AND  
ERIC JOERING  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I would like to talk today about two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.007 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1229 February 27, 2018 
brave Ohioans who were tragically killed while serving their community and all of us. On Saturday, February 10, Ohio lost two of its finest when Westerville Po-lice Officers Anthony Morelli and Eric Joering were fatally shot responding to a 9–1-1 call. They rushed to the scene. When they arrived, they were under fire. Officer Joering was killed at the scene. Officer Morelli died in surgery later that day. Officer Morelli was a 29-year veteran of the Westerville Police Department. He leaves behind his wife Linda, their daughter Beth, and son Chris. Officer Joering was a 16-year veteran of the Westerville Police Department, where he was a K–9 officer partnered with his dog Sam. Eric loved working with Sam, but what he really loved were his kids and his wife. His most important job, he said, was being a husband and a father. He is survived by his wife Jami and his beautiful daughters Eva, Elena, and Ella. Both men were loved and respected members of the Westerville commu-nity, and both will be sorely missed. I had a chance to talk to a number of their fellow officers, their colleagues, over the weekend and heard many sto-ries about them, their bravery, and their commitment to service. I also had the great honor to meet with the families of both of these fallen officers over this past weekend in Co-lumbus, OH. Linda Morelli and Jami Joering are incredibly strong women and incredibly strong mothers. I ex-pressed my thanks from all Ohioans for their husbands’ service. I also had a chance to talk to four of the five chil-dren about their fathers’ exemplary service; that they had fallen in service to all of us and how much we appre-ciated them. The U.S. Capitol has flags that are flown for special occasions, and two flags were flown in honor of the sac-rifices these two good men made pro-tecting the people of Ohio. Throughout this tragic situation, I will say the people of Central Ohio and, frankly, across the Nation have stepped up in big ways to support and assist these two families. I am encour-aged by the kindness and generosity we have seen. I want to take a moment to just say that these two brave officers, Tony Mo-relli and Eric Joering, were the best. They made the ultimate sacrifice for all of us. Today, we hold their families up in prayer. (The remarks of Mr. P
ORTMAN per-taining to the introduction of S. 2456 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. PORTMAN. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, tax re-form is working. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has been the law of the land for just 2 months, but it is already helping American workers. When it came time to draft tax re-form legislation, we had one objective, and that was to make hard-working Americans’ lives better. To accomplish that, we focused on two important pri-orities. First, we focused on immediately in-creasing Americans’ take-home pay. We lowered tax rates across the board, we nearly doubled the standard deduc-tion, and we doubled the child tax cred-it. All of those provisions went into ef-fect on January 1, and by the end of this month, according to the IRS, 90 percent of the American people should see lower paychecks. While immediate relief for hard- working Americans was crucial, we wanted more than that. We wanted to give the American people access to the kinds of jobs and the kinds of wages and opportunities that would set them up for long-term security. We wanted to give them the kinds of jobs and wages where they wouldn’t be forced to choose between sending their kids to college and saving for a secure retire-ment or between paying the mortgage or medical bills. So in addition to low-ering the tax burden on Americans di-rectly, we set about improving the playing field for American businesses so that we could make things better for American workers. Needless to say, in order for Amer-ican workers to thrive, the American economy has to thrive, and that means that American businesses have to thrive. It is pretty hard for a small business to hire a new worker or to raise wages if the owner can barely pay the tax bill. It is unlikely that an American company is going to have a lot of spare cash for investing in its workforce if it is struggling to compete with foreign companies that are paying far less in taxes. It is unlikely that America’s global companies are going to focus on reinvesting in the United States if they face a tax penalty for bringing foreign earnings back home. So we lowered our Nation’s massive corporate tax rate, which, up until January 1, was the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world. We lowered tax rates across the board for owners of small- and medium-sized businesses, farms, and ranches. We ex-panded business owners’ ability to re-cover investments they make in their businesses, which will free up cash that they can reinvest into their operations and their workers. We brought the U.S. international tax system into the 21st century by replacing our outdated worldwide system with a modernized territorial tax system so that Amer-ican businesses are not operating at a disadvantage next to their foreign com-petitors. The goal in all of this was to free up businesses to increase their invest-ments in the American economy and in American workers, and that is exactly what businesses are doing. The list of tax reform good news keeps growing— wage increases, new jobs, increased in-vestment, bonuses, benefit increases, and the list goes on and on. Take utility bills. Lower utility bills might not be the first result we think of from tax reform, but tax reform is saving utility companies money, and they are passing those savings on to consumers. Washington, DC, radio station WTOP reports: In a flip-flop related to tax reform, [utility company] Pepco now says it wants to cut rates instead of raise them. In December and January, the utility an-nounced plans to raise rates in D.C. and Maryland respectively. . . . But the sweeping Federal tax bill signed into law late last year meant a significant tax savings for the util-ity. As a result, Pepco is now asking the Maryland Public Service Commission to ap-prove a rate cut. 
That is right—they were talking about a rate increase, but now they are talking about a rate cut in their utility rates. Take this story from the Daily En-ergy Insider titled ‘‘Federal Tax Cut More Than Reverses Eversource Rate Increase in Massachusetts.’’ The Daily Energy Insider: 
Many Eversource Energy electricity cus-tomers in Massachusetts who were expecting to see a rate increase this year instead will see a rate reduction because of the recent Federal corporate tax cut. ‘‘What was expected to be about a $36 mil-lion annual rate increase has turned into a $20 million annual decrease,’’ said the Massa-chusetts Department of Public Utilities. 
In my home State of South Dakota, Black Hills Energy in Rapid City is working with regulators to pass tax savings on to South Dakotans. So far, utility companies in at least 39 States are passing tax savings on to con-sumers, and that can be a real help to family budgets. Everybody knows how much gets spent out of every family’s budget on utilities, on energy, and cer-tainly in my part of the country in South Dakota, with the cold winters, that is even amplified. It can be a real help to family budgets, particularly families who are living paycheck to paycheck. In Florida, Florida Power and Light Company announced that thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, it will no longer require its customers to pay a surcharge for Hurricane Irma restora-tion. Instead, the company reports: 
Florida Power and Light plans to apply federal tax savings toward the $1.3 billion cost of Hurricane Irma restoration, which will save each of Florida Power and Light’s 4.9 million customers an average of approxi-mately $250. 
Thanks to tax reform, good news for American workers seems to just pour in daily, whether it is lower utility bills, new jobs, bonuses, or, as Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Caro-lina announced last week, lower rate increases on health insurance. I am proud that tax reform is accom-plishing our goal of making life better for hard-working Americans, and I look forward to seeing even more benefits for American workers in the weeks and months to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.011 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1230 February 27, 2018 
I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
NOMINATIONS OF RYAN NELSON AND SUSAN  
COMBS  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, as chair-man of the Senate Western Caucus and as a Montanan, I am here to urge the swift confirmation of two outstanding nominations to serve in the Depart-ment of the Interior. The first is Ryan Nelson, a native of Idaho Falls, ID, as Solicitor of the Department of the In-terior. The second is Susan Combs, a rancher from Big Bend, TX. She is nominated to be Assistant Secretary for Policy, Management and Budget. Both of these positions are critical to managing our public lands and wildlife. Yet these two well-qualified individ-uals have been waiting in a bureau-cratic limbo. Mr. Nelson was first nom-inated over 209 days ago, and Ms. Combs received her first nomination over 231 days ago. Mr. Nelson is a great choice to serve as Solicitor. He is a westerner, and he spends time fishing and hunting with his family in Idaho. He understands our western way of life, and he has the work experience to make sure our pub-lic lands are managed and protected in the right way. His service includes serving as clerk on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, serving as special counsel for the Senate Committee on the Judi-ciary and as Deputy Assistant Attor-ney General in the Environment and Natural Resources Division of the De-partment of Justice. At the Department of Justice, he worked to defend vital Federal pro-grams and oversaw many complex cases involving our natural resources, wildlife, and environment. He also compelled polluters to limit harmful emissions into the air and worked with then-Solicitor of the Department of the Interior David Bernhardt on the listing decision for the polar bear. Like Mr. Bernhardt, Ryan is capable of uphold-ing the law and the science, even when it is not easy. If you want someone who values con-servation, who knows the appropriate use of laws, like the Antiquities Act and the Endangered Species Act, then Ryan is your guy. The Department of the Interior needs Ryan’s expertise to help make the best decisions possible for the benefit of our natural resources and the people and wildlife living around them. His confirmation must be prioritized. Ms. Combs is also exactly the right person for the job to serve as the As-sistant Secretary for Policy, Manage-ment and Budget. Ms. Combs has had a long and successful career both in busi-ness and in public service, including as a member of the Texas House of Rep-resentatives, as Texas’s agriculture commissioner, and as Texas’s comp-troller of public accounts. Her proven management track record in public service and in business is crucial to making the Department of the Interior more efficient and effective to help en-sure the responsible stewardship of western lands. Both Mr. Nelson’s and Ms. Combs’s nominations have been pending longer than any of their predecessors’—now listen to this—over the past 25 years. This is not just bad governance; it is a complete lack of governance. Here is the problem. When you have qualified individuals like Mr. Nelson and like Ms. Combs who wait in this bureau-cratic limbo for this long, it then puts them in a position to, maybe, find other employment. We need to find the best people who are willing to serve in these positions, and we need to give them the respect of moving them through quickly so that we can keep them with the thought of entering pub-lic service. Colleagues, it is time to get the job done and move these critical nomina-tions across the finish line. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
GUN SAFETY  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this morning, I had the opportunity to meet with some extraordinary young people. These were students from Parkland, FL, who attend the school where the mass shooting took place 2 weeks ago. What was amazingly impressive about these young people is that in the midst of their grief, in the midst of the unbe-lievably traumatic experience that they went through in seeing their best friends being shot and wounded in cold blood and their teachers killed, they resolved not just to mourn and grieve for their friends and neighbors; they re-solved to stand up and fight back and come to Washington, go to Tallahassee, FL, and go around the country to do everything they can to make certain that no more children—no more young people—are mowed down and slaugh-tered in schools. Nobody thinks that the issue of gun safety is going to be an easy issue to solve. There are literally hundreds of millions of guns throughout this coun-try, and there are 5 million assault weapons throughout this country today. Tragically, there are many thousands of people, I expect in every State in this country, who are walking our streets and are at their wits end emotionally, who are suicidal, who are homicidal. Many of those people have access to guns and guns of mass de-struction. I think that in some re-spects, the slaughter at the high school in Parkland, FL, was kind of the straw that broke the camel’s back. Several months ago, the American people were stunned to see some very sick person in Las Vegas break a win-dow and start mowing down people. He killed some 58 Americans and wounded 500 people within a period of a few min-utes. That was on top of Sandy Hook. It was on top of so many gun slaugh-ters that, I think, what has finally hap-pened—maybe because of the extraor-dinary efforts of these young people from Parkland—the American people are saying that enough is enough, that we have a difficult problem. We may not be able to solve it completely over-night, but we have a moral obligation to do everything we can to make cer-tain that no more children—no more people in this country—are mowed down by some sick person with a weap-on. That is not just I who is talking, and it is not just the young people from the high school in Florida. It is pretty much what the American people want. Let me refer the Presiding Officer to a few polls that were conducted fairly re-cently. A Quinnipiac poll was done on Feb-ruary 20, just a week ago. This is what that poll showed. It showed that 97 percent of the American people support universal background checks, which is not a rad-ical idea. What the American people are saying and what gun owners are saying is that we should keep guns out of the hands of people who are not re-sponsible and should not own guns. Universal background checks are al-most universally supported by the American people. In that same Quinnipiac poll, 83 per-cent of the American people indicated support for a mandatory waiting period for all gun purchases. You don’t want somebody who is angry, who is upset, or who had something terrible happen to go running to a gun store, buying a gun, and then going out and using it. There are 75 percent who, basically, want the Congress to address the issue of gun violence and to start taking ac-tion. There are 67 percent of the people polled by Quinnipiac who support a na-tionwide ban on the sale of assault weapons. They believe and I believe that assault weapons are designed as military weapons to kill human beings. That is what those weapons are de-signed to do. I believe and have be-lieved for 30 years—and a majority of the American people believe—that we should end the sale and distribution of those weapons. That was in a Quinnipiac poll. According to a CNN poll that was done more recently, just a few days ago on February 25, 70 percent of the Amer-ican people want stricter gun laws. This is the highest number that CNN has registered since way back when the Brady Bill passed, in 1993. According to CNN, 87 percent support laws to prevent convicted felons and the mentally ill from owning guns. There are 71 percent who support ban-ning anyone under the age of 21 from buying a gun. There are 63 percent who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.013 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1231 February 27, 2018 
support a ban on the sale and posses-sion of high-capacity magazines. There are 57 percent who support an assault weapons ban, and 56 percent say that stricter gun laws would reduce gun-re-lated deaths. We have a difficult issue which is not going to be solved overnight, and no-body thinks that it will. Yet the Amer-ican people are demanding that we have the courage to stand up to the NRA and finally take some action that will move us in the right direction. Let me just suggest some of the ways I be-lieve we should go forward in a bipar-tisan way. Once again, the American people be-lieve and I believe in universal back-ground checks. That means, among other things, ending the so-called gun show loophole, because background checks don’t mean anything if some-body can go to a gun show or on the internet and buy weapons without un-dergoing any background check. Over-whelmingly, the American people say that before somebody is able to pur-chase a gun, we need to know: Is the person a killer? Is he a person who has engaged in domestic violence? Is he somebody who has a history of mental health problems? If that is the case, that person should not be buying a gun. I think serious gun safety legislation must include addressing the so-called straw man purchases. This is a provi-sion by which people can legally go to gun shops, buy the weapons that they want, but then they are going to sell those weapons or distribute those weapons to people who should not be owning those weapons and who could not have purchased those weapons on their own. I have indicated it is my view that we should ban assault weap-ons in this country—weapons that are designed for no other purpose but to kill human beings. Furthermore, I think it is clear that we are a nation that is facing a mental health crisis. I know that in my of-fice—and I expect in the offices of other Senators—we get calls all of the time from people who say: I am worried about my husband. I am worried about my brother. He is at his wits end. I don’t know what he is going to do to himself or what he is going to do to somebody else. We have been searching for mental health treatment, but we cannot find anything that is available now or that we can afford. I believe we should be moving for-ward to pass legislation which says that Americans who suffer today from mental health crises should be able to get the mental healthcare they need now, not 2 months from now, because 2 months from now may be too late. We also need to address the fact that, every year, women are being killed by their husbands or their boyfriends and that if somebody is a stalker, if some-body is convicted of domestic violence, if somebody is under a restraining order, we should be clear that that per-son should not be owning a gun. This is just some of what I think needs to be done. We are at a moment when the Amer-ican people have had it up to here. They do not want to turn on their TVs tomorrow or next week or next month and see the horrible, unspeakable things that we have seen in schools throughout this country. At this particular moment in his-tory, I hope that in a bipartisan way we can come together and do what the American people want us to do, which is to pass commonsense gun safety leg-islation that is supported by the over-whelming majority of the American people. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NET NEUTRALITY  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I would like to speak on behalf of my constitu-ents and the tens of millions of Ameri-cans who rely on a free and open inter-net. Make no mistake, we are locked in a historic battle to preserve the core principles of competition, innovation, and consumer choice that have made the internet the world’s greatest plat-form for commerce and communica-tions; a historic battle to restore the hallmark of American innovation and democratization; a historic battle to protect America’s innovation incu-bator and job generator—a battle for net neutrality. In December, the Trump FCC, the Federal Communications Commission, eliminated net neutrality. These rules prevented your internet service pro-vider—Comcast, Verizon, AT&T, and Charter—from indiscriminately charg-ing more for internet fast lanes or slowing down or even blocking certain websites entirely, the very rules that allow inventors, entrepreneurs, and small businesses, the lifeblood of the American economy, to connect to the internet. The reason why is simple. The Trump administration sides with the rich and the powerful first and consistently puts everyday American lives last. We have seen them wage an all-out assault on healthcare, on climate change, and now on net neutrality, but today the inter-net is fighting back, and we have a powerful tool at our disposal that will allow the average consumer to have their voices heard right here on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Today I am officially introducing a CRA—Congressional Review Act—reso-lution that will fully restore net neu-trality. The entire Senate Democratic caucus is now standing with the mil-lions of Americans who want to reverse the FCC’s partisan actions and restore net neutrality. Net neutrality is not and should not be a partisan issue. I thank Senator SUSAN COLLINS for supporting my CRA, and I encourage other Republican col-leagues to stand with all of us who sup-port net neutrality. We are just one vote away in the Senate from restoring net neutrality. There will be a vote right here on the floor of the Senate sometime this spring. The clock is ticking. We just need a simple major-ity for passage, and that is just one more vote. When we take that vote, every one of my colleagues will have to answer the simple question: Whose side are you on? Do you stand with hard-working American families for whom the inter-net is essential or do you stand with the Big Money corporate interests and their army of lobbyists? We should all be on the right side of history. Millennials are motivated. Momen-tum is building. Citizens are joining to-gether demonstrating, writing letters, calling their Members of Congress, and taking this message to social media. They are joined by groups that include Fight for the Future, Demand Progress, Free Press, the Center for Digital Technology, the Center for Media Justice, Color of Change, Com-mon Cause, Consumers Union, Engine, the National Hispanic Media Coalition, the Open Technology Institute, Public Knowledge, and many others out across the country that are organizing right now as part of an effort that is going to bring millions of voices into the offices of every Senator and every House Member in our country. This fight is not limited to the Halls of Congress. We are seeing a historic groundswell of activity at the State and local level. The Governors in Ha-waii, New Jersey, Vermont, Montana, and New York have issued executive orders promoting net neutrality. State legislatures in more than half of the United States are currently con-sidering net neutrality legislation. Just today, 76 mayors across the Na-tion signed a letter opposing net neu-trality repeal, and 23 State attorneys general have filed suit to reinstate the rule, and we plan to stand by them throughout this entire battle, in the court and out here on the floor of Con-gress. We cannot let net neutrality be an-other example of Congress disregarding public opinion and putting donor inter-ests first. Net neutrality is our 21st century right, and we will fight to pro-tect it. In fact, 83 percent of all Ameri-cans in polling say they want to pro-tect net neutrality. By the way, that is pretty much every millennial, because for millennials, the internet is like ox-ygen. I will say that if you are 35 years old or younger, the poll is at pretty close to 100 percent. I can see all the pages nodding their heads as I am speaking. They know no life without a device that they are car-rying around. This is the world in which we are living, and they do not want to have any discrimination intro-duce itself into the relationship they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.016 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1232 February 27, 2018 
have between the internet and their ability to control their own lives. That is what the battle is all about, those nodding heads of the pages in the well of the Senate. Those are the people who are going to be making a dif-ference, the millennials, the generation Z young people who want this to be open for entrepreneurial activity and for democracy. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. President, I also want to speak for a few moments about the epidemic of gun violence in our country. Almost 2 weeks ago, a 19-year-old armed with an AR–15 semiautomatic rifle entered Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL, and killed 14 students and 3 teachers, and 14 others were injured. Time and again, we have seen this tragedy play out and time and again we are seeing Congress fail to act. Each year we lose 33,000 American lives due to gun violence. In instances of disease, illness, natural disaster, this level of widespread death would be met with immediate and meaningful action by Congress. Yet we continually abdicate our moral responsibility when it comes to gun violence prevention. We don’t have to accept this epidemic of gun violence in our country. It is not preordained. It is preventable. So what should Congress do? First, we should allow public health researchers to study the causes of gun violence so they can find solutions to this public health crisis. Right now, zero dollars are spent at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on gun violence prevention research. That is because since 1996, an appropriations rider has prohibited the Centers for Disease Control from advocating or promoting gun control. Just last week, Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex Azar said he would not let the rider impede the CDC’s research into the causes of gun violence. So there is no reason now not to fully fund this critical research agenda. I have introduced legislation to fund research into the causes and preven-tion of gun violence. My bill now has 32 cosponsors in the Senate. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to cosponsor this commonsense bill. It is long past time that we treat gun vio-lence like the public health emergency it is, but we must also keep guns out of the hands of those who should not have them. Currently, anyone can use a handgun in America—whether it is the gun’s owner, a thief, or, tragically, a young child, but it doesn’t have to be this way. Technology exists now that can authorize handgun use only by its owner. In the 21st century, we have to use advances in technology to our ad-vantage, and we can save lives by using it. That is why I used the opportunity to introduce smart gun legislation that will require all handguns manufactured in the United States to be personalized for operation only by the authorized user. That means, unless you are au-thorized by fingerprint or other tech-nology, you will not be able to fire that handgun. If we can do it for an iPhone, we should be able to do it for a hand-gun so that if a child gets ahold of a gun, if it is not their thumb, they can-not fire it. If someone steals a gun from a home, it will not work because it will not be their thumb that is on the barrel of that gun. That is ulti-mately a way to reduce dramatically the amount of harm we see in our country. We must also ban these military- style assault weapons like the AR–15, which are the guns of choice for those who seek to inflict mass casualties on civilians. These are weapons that be-long in combat, not in our commu-nities. We must also pass legislation to en-sure that all gun purchases include a background check. In fact, 97 percent of all Americans now support expanded background checks—97 percent of all Americans. No one should be able to purchase a gun through Facebook or Instagram without a background check. Instagram should not mean ‘‘Instagun,’’ with no background check. That is crazy. That is crazy. You can go on Instagram and buy a gun without a background check. That is crazy in America in 2018. We have the capacity to quickly do background checks to be able to find out whether somebody should be able to purchase a gun. It is crazy not to have that kind of a system put in place. If you can buy a gun on Instagram, we should be able to check online whether or not that person, in fact, should be allowed legally to purchase the gun. Let’s close the gun show loophole, as well as the one that allows someone on the terrorist watch list to purchase a weapon. Let’s close the loophole that allows domestic abusers to buy guns. Let’s close the loophole that allows straw purchasers to buy guns and flood our streets with them. Let’s ban bump stocks. Let’s repeal the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act, or PLCAA, and take away the gun manu-facturers’ immunity from civil liabil-ity. These are sensible steps. What is not sensible is hoping that thoughts and prayers will prevent the next shooting. This generation of young people recognize this truth, and that is why they are leading this chil-dren’s crusade. They are picking up microphones and raising their voices. They are saying enough is enough. It is my hope that this might just be the movement that pushes Republican leaders, once and for all, to take action on gun violence and make the NRA stand for ‘‘not relevant anymore’’ in American politics. This is the time for that to take place on the Senate floor. This generation of young people is rising up, and they are demanding that we protect this country from the scourge of gun violence. Like genera-tions past, this one is making the change they want to see in our society. So, to them, let me say: I hear you. I am with you, and I will fight with you to ensure that not one more student has to endure what you did, not one more person has to be damaged because we did not put the laws on the books that should have been there to prevent this harm from occurring. I will fight with you to ensure that this does not happen in one more school in our coun-try. That is our challenge. That is the goal we should set. That is what should be the agenda here on the floor of the Senate in 2018. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
NO-FLY LIST GUN LEGISLATION  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise today in support of bipartisan legisla-tion aimed at ensuring that those indi-viduals who are on the Department of Homeland Security’s no-fly list are likewise not able to have access to guns. I just met with several of the stu-dents from the shooting at the school in Florida and heard the very compel-ling case they have made to take this issue seriously and do what we can on a commonsense basis to make it more difficult for those who shouldn’t have guns to have guns. Regardless of what happened in Flor-ida these past couple of weeks, this is a measure we should have taken before. It has been brought to the floor of the Senate, and it has received majority support here. I think it is simply com-mon sense that someone who is not permitted to fly in this country and is considered by the Federal Government to be a potential threat to national se-curity should not be allowed to pur-chase a firearm. The no-fly list and the selectee list that we are talking about is composed of those who are not allowed to fly. With the selectee list, it is those who require additional screening. These are both narrowly tailored, defined, tar-geted lists. This restriction would affect just a small number of people, all of whom would be afforded due process under the Constitution. Those who find them-selves on either of these lists would have the authority to challenge that designation, and the onus would be on the government, not the individual; the onus would be on the government to justify the classification and to prove that they should not be allowed to pur-chase a firearm. These are strong, ro-bust, due process protections that would make sure that these restric-tions are constitutionally sound. This bill also adds another layer of safety for citizens from those who would do us harm, ensuring that any-one who has been denied the right to fly cannot purchase a weapon without at least undergoing additional scru-tiny. It simply stands to reason that if we fear that someone may use our com-mercial airlines as a weapon or to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.017 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1233 February 27, 2018 
harm those on board, we should not allow that same person to purchase a weapon without additional scrutiny. I encourage my colleagues to review this bipartisan legislation and to join me, along with Senator C
OLLINS and a number of our colleagues here—a bipar-tisan group of Senators—in supporting this commonsense piece of legislation. I hope we will have a debate on some of these measures. I will be talking in the coming days about some of the other measures that we ought to take to make sure that we don’t put guns in the hands of those who shouldn’t have them. My heart goes out to those in Flor-ida, and my vote will go here to meas-ures that will make schools safer. I yield the floor. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today the Senate is voting to confirm Judge Elizabeth Branch to serve as a U.S. circuit court judge for the Elev-enth Circuit. Judge Branch was favor-ably reported out of the Judiciary Committee on a 19–2 bipartisan vote. She has broad bipartisan support from her home State of Georgia. The Amer-ican Bar Association rated Judge Branch as unanimously well-qualified. If the Senate confirms Judge Branch, as I am confident it will, she will be the fourth woman confirmed by the Senate to the Federal courts of appeals in the 115th Congress, three more than the one woman confirmed at this point in President Obama’s first term. Judge Branch’s judicial career and broad range of legal experiences have well prepared her to serve on the Elev-enth Circuit. Judge Branch was ap-pointed to the Georgia Court of Ap-peals in 2012. In her time on the appel-late bench, she has participated in over 1,500 cases. Before joining the bench, Judge Branch spent several years in private practice. She also served in government, including her role as a top lawyer for the Department of Home-land Security. Judge Branch received her B.A. from Davidson College and her J.D. from Emory. After law school, Judge Branch clerked for Judge Owen Forrester on the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. As I noted earlier, if confirmed, Judge Branch will become the fourth female circuit court judge confirmed under President Trump. Her confirma-tion puts her in good company, joining a class of first-rate female jurists and legal scholars. She will join a group that includes: Seventh Circuit Judge Amy Coney Barrett, a former professor at Notre Dame University Law School and law clerk to Justice Scalia; Tenth Circuit Judge Allison Eid, a former Colorado Supreme Court Justice and law clerk to Justice Thomas; and Sixth Circuit Judge Joan Larsen, another clerk of Justice Scalia and former Michigan Supreme Court justice. I am confident that Judge Branch will serve as an excellent addition to this out-standing class of female circuit court judges. Judge Branch’s impressive back-ground and bipartisan support suggest that she will be an excellent court of appeals judge. I am pleased to support her nomination today. Mr. FLAKE. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Branch nomi-nation? Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Sen-ator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON) . Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 73, nays 23, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 38 Ex.] YEAS—73 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS— 23 
Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cortez Masto Duckworth Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Stabenow Udall Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Jones McCain Rounds Sullivan 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget. Mitch McConnell, Pat Roberts, Roy Blunt, Shelley Moore Capito, Thom Tillis, Richard Burr, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Crapo, Orrin G. Hatch, John Bar-rasso, Johnny Isakson, Michael B. Enzi, John Boozman, Mike Rounds, James M. Inhofe, John Thune, Lindsey Graham. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Sen-ator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 49, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 39 Ex.] YEAS—49 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.019 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1234 February 27, 2018 
Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Jones McCain Rounds 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 49, the nays are 48. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. (The remarks of Ms. C
OLLINS and Mr. H
EINRICH pertaining to the introduc-tion of S. 2458 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Intro-duced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
REMEMBERING URSULA K . LE GUIN  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life and work of one of Oregon’s finest, Ur-sula K. Le Guin, who, after a long life, passed away in my hometown of Port-land on January 22 at the age of 88. You would have a tough time over-stating Mrs. Le Guin’s impact on American literature, particularly on the genres of fantasy and science fic-tion. She didn’t invent science fiction or fantasy literature, but what she did, in true Oregon fashion, is redefine them. Millions of school children in Oregon and around the world know her best as the author of the unforgettable Earthsea series. She also wrote essays, poetry, and short stories throughout her life. To the end, she fiercely re-sisted the constant attempts to pigeon-hole her as a sci-fi author. Over five decades, she upended con-ventions, shattered ceilings, and in-spired generations of readers and au-thors. She is going to be missed, even as her legacy lives on. Ursula Le Guin was born Ursula Kroeber on October 21, 1921, in Berke-ley, CA. Her parents were both success-ful anthropologists who encouraged their kids to think and to question. Ex-posed to mythology and science fiction at an early age, she soon grew tired of what she would later describe as White men and soldiers going forth and con-quering the universe. A shy young woman, she escaped the anxieties of adolescence by reading au-thors like Austen, Shelley, and Tolstoy in her local public library. She went on to Radcliffe College, graduating Phi Beta Kappa in 1951. She earned a mas-ter’s degree from Columbia University the following year and won a pres-tigious Fulbright scholarship to con-tinue her studies in Paris. She met fellow Fulbright scholar Charles Le Guin on her way there, and they were married shortly thereafter. The pair returned to the United States and ultimately settled in Or-egon in the late 1950s, when her hus-band took a job at Portland State Uni-versity. She focused on the couple’s three children and on her writing, re-turning to science fiction with ‘‘Rocannon’s World’’ in 1966. Two years later, she published ‘‘A Wizard of Earthsea,’’ the first in a series of high-ly acclaimed fantasy novels that have remained in print to the delight of mil-lions. I can’t imagine it is an easy feat for any author to create an entire universe that sticks in the minds of readers for generations. In building Earthsea, Mrs. Le Guin joined that elite group of fic-tion writers, like Tolkien and C.S. Lewis, who have done just that. More impressively, she used her writ-ing to push back against social injus-tices and social constraints. She wrote about environmental destruction, about feminism and gender inequality, about racism, about war and peace. She wrote about women protagonists and about non-White heroes when they were even less commonly highlighted than they are today. She wrote about multidimensional characters and oth-ers who sought to better themselves and their societies rather than bend others to their will. The more Mrs. Le Guin wrote, the more people would read, and the more the awards started to pile up. She racked up awards in the course of her career like few authors have—multiple Hugo, Nebula, and Locus Awards, a Na-tional Book Award, a Newbery Medal, and a Pushcart Prize. In 1977, she was shortlisted for the Pulitzer Prize. She twice won the Hugo and Nebula Awards in the same year, for 1969’s ‘‘The Left Hand of Darkness’’ and in 1974 for ‘‘The Dispossessed.’’ I would be here until next week if I tried to list all of her achievements, but because we have a rule in the Wyden household against filibustering friends, let me just say that in 2000, the Library of Congress made official what all of Oregon had long known. It de-clared that Ursula Le Guin was a ‘‘Liv-ing Legend’’ for her contributions to American literature. The fact is, we love our bookstores, and I very often kid Michael Powell and my wife Nancy that they are the LeBron James and Damian Lillard of bookstores. The fact is, Mrs. Le Guin has been in demand in bookstores and libraries for decades, and she has al-ways been sharing that wisdom in her books with visitors near and far. Thanks to her example and her influ-ence, generations of women writers have blazed new trails and defied old dogmas. As a dad who knows full well the im-portance of reading in a child’s life, this is really a special honor today to be able to stand before this distin-guished body and remember Ursula K. Le Guin, her life and her legacy. Her pioneering writing is going to continue to make readers challenge their con-ceptions and contemplate their role in this enormously vast universe for dec-ades to come. Her long career’s worth of great works will be treasured far into the future. I especially appreciate the opportunity to recognize the ex-traordinary work of a woman who did so much to promote writing and at-tract young readers at home in Oregon and the chance to have been able to recognize Ursula Le Guin today before the U.S. Senate. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here for my 198th ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech with my increasingly dog- eared and beaten chart. My last two speeches focused on, shall we say, the peculiar role two of this country’s largest trade associa-tions play on climate change. They have dozens and dozens of member companies that support action on cli-mate change. Renewable energy now provides more jobs than fossil fuels and lots of American manufacturing. Yet the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers spend millions and millions of dollars lobbying Congress against climate ac-tion, against renewables, and in favor of the fossil fuel industry. Go figure. In 2016, Senator W
ARREN and I sur-veyed the 108 companies on the cham-ber of commerce’s board, and we couldn’t find a single one that would endorse the chamber’s anti-climate lobbying—not one. Many of these com-panies had very public pro-climate po-sitions. None said they had even been consulted by the chamber about the chamber’s anti-climate crusade. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s war on climate action isn’t just in lobbying Congress. It also spends tens of mil-lions of dollars in elections, using po-litical attack ads to sink pro-climate candidates. So I asked in my last speeches: Why? Why does the chamber and NAM advance the special interests of the fossil fuel industry, opposing cli-mate action, ignoring their own pro- climate members, and turning their backs on the whole renewable energy and green technology economy? Why, indeed. Well, today I would like to talk about a fossil fuel trade association— the American Petroleum Institute, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.003 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1235 February 27, 2018 
API. API is a slightly different beast than the chamber and NAM. It rep-resents the oil and gas industry. You wouldn’t expect it to care about renew-able energy or green technology. API’s policy positions should align with the big oil companies it represents, but it gets complicated. It gets complicated because the big oil companies all claim to support action on climate change. Here is what ExxonMobil claims: ‘‘The risk of climate change is clear and the risk warrants action.’’ In 2009, then-Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson said the company supported a price on carbon. That is supposedly ExxonMobil’s position today. Here is Shell on carbon pricing: ‘‘The transition to low-carbon solutions is best underpinned by meaningful gov-ernment-led carbon ‘pricing’ mecha-nisms.’’ On the Paris Agreement, Exxon pub-licly supported the Paris Agreement, as did Chevron, as did Shell, as did BP. In addition, BP and Shell signed on to an initiative to eliminate methane flaring. So summing up, all of the major oil companies supported the Paris Agree-ment. Three out of four, including ExxonMobil—the big kahuna—publicly support putting a price on carbon emis-sions, and two of them even support eliminating methane flaring. So where is the American Petroleum Institute on these policies? Let’s start with the Paris Agreement. API funds a group called the American Council on Capital Formation, which, along with the Chamber of Commerce, funded the debunked study claiming that the Paris Agreement would cause massive job losses and huge costs. This de-bunked report was cited by President Trump as justification for withdrawing from the Paris accord. So API funded the report used as a basis for with-drawal—but wait. It gets better. The authors of this API-funded study are the same two characters API hired way back in 1997 and 1998 to write similar reports critical of the Kyoto Protocol. The Kyoto Protocol, of course, was vio-lently opposed in the Senate by the fos-sil fuel industry and API. So here we are 20 years after Kyoto, and API used almost exactly the same playbook—even the same personnel— against the Paris Agreement that they had used against the Kyoto accord, ex-cept that this time API paid for the re-port through a front group to hide API’s hand in torpedoing the Paris Agreement. How do you relate that to the stated position of the four oil ma-jors for the Paris Agreement? You would have to ask API to explain. So now let’s look at API’s position on carbon pricing, which three out of those four oil majors say they support. API’s President has claimed that his organization doesn’t have an official position on carbon pricing, but if you take a look at API’s website, it is load-ed with comments critical of putting a price on carbon, and API also funded yet another study claiming that a price on carbon emissions would be bad for the economy. On the issue of methane flaring, API out front led the charge against De-partment of the Interior and Environ-mental Protection Agency rules. Its lobbying campaign has paid off, as two of Trump’s fossil fuel stooges, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and EPA Admin-istrator Scott Pruitt, are busily trying to dismantle these rules. Luckily, they are not very bright about it, and courts keep upending their schemes. Let’s look at the lobbying. Big Oil money provides much of API’s power in the Halls of Congress. API has spent over $100 million lobbying the Federal Government, and apparently its lob-bying goes against the wishes as stated by its biggest clients, the four oil ma-jors. If you look, there is a big bump up in 2009 and here through 2016—the Obama years—when they wanted to go in and stop all kinds of progress on cli-mate change. In this building, we all know per-fectly well that API is not here lob-bying for a price on carbon. We know perfectly well that if a Republican were to say, ‘‘I am for a price on carbon,’’ or sign on to a bill, they would probably get a visit from API saying, ‘‘Whoa, not so fast there, partner.’’ We know perfectly well that they are not in this building lobbying for the Paris accord. So why the discrepancy? Is it pos-sible that all of this money—$100 mil-lion—is being thrown around without the approval of the big oil companies? Has the American Petroleum Institute sort of gone off on its own, off the leash, free range, running away from the oil companies? It is a puzzlement, this vast gulf between the pro-climate policies the oil majors say they support and the anti-climate policies the API lobbyists support. I said one possibility is, Big Oil doesn’t know how its lobbying money is being spent. Maybe those CEOs have lost control of their own trade associa-tion and don’t even know it. I mean, after all, around here, who pays atten-tion to their own lobbying operation, anyway? Maybe the $100 million is such chump change to the big oil companies that they have just lost track of it, like we might lose change in our couch cushions. Maybe—cover your ears, young pages, because I may say something shocking here—maybe it is a scam. It is totally shocking that a big corpora-tion will say one thing and do another. What a concept, but it is a concept that works out great for Big Oil. The Big Oil CEOs get to go to cocktail par-ties in Davos or on Fifth Avenue. They get to go to international conferences, and with all their sophisticated friends, they get to say: Hey, we are not a bunch of science-hating, heads-in-the- sand climate deniers. We have sensible climate policies. At the same time, they can send their lobbying goons out to make sure no one in Congress takes that ‘‘sensible climate policies’’ nonsense seriously. It is great. Have your front group do your dirty work for you, fill your websites with happy assurances, while you let API loose on Washington to crush any pro-climate policies that might actu-ally reduce carbon emissions and threaten your bottom line. Hypocrisy? Yes, but then hypocrisy is famously the tribute vice pays to vir-tue. I suppose it is at least a start. It is a sign that we have reached the point where Big Oil recognizes the need to try to at least look virtuous. That is a start, but it still leaves us with this huge disconnect between the pro-cli-mate policies the big oil companies claim to support and their American Petroleum Institute’s relentless anti- climate lobbying. Remember, throughout the oil indus-try’s decades-long campaign against climate action, they knew all along. Exxon knew decades ago about the ef-fects of carbon pollution, but they worked through an elaborate web of front groups to propagate doubt and denial about the science they knew. Shell knew too. In 1991, Shell even produced a documentary warning about the serious threat climate change posed to the future of civilization. De-spite acknowledging this threat, Shell, like Exxon, continued to fund API and other front groups that sought to mis-lead the public about climate change and opposed climate action here in Congress. Exxon’s trade group—this American Petroleum Institute—also knew. They knew of the reality of climate change. They knew it was caused by carbon emissions from fossil fuels, and they knew of the danger it poses. Way back in 1959—almost 60 years ago—API was warned by an eminent scientist that if we kept burning fossil fuels, we would increase the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. Back in 1959, they were warned. The prediction they received was that it would warm the atmosphere, melt the icecaps, and submerge coastal cities and towns, as we are beginning to see along the Flor-ida coastline right now. That was the prediction in 1959. In 1959, the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere was 316 parts per million. Then, in 1968, a group of scientists API had itself commissioned warned API that significant tempera-ture changes could occur by the year 2000 and that, ultimately, potential damage to the environment could be severe. By 1968, the atmosphere con-centration of CO
2was up to 323 parts per million. In 1980, scientists hired by API again warned API that carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels were likely to have catastrophic effects. By 1980, the atmospheric concentration of CO
2was 339. In 1983, API disbanded the sci-entific working group it had created to study global warming. Apparently, API didn’t like what it was hearing so, in 1983, they shut it off. There is a legal term for when you are on notice but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.031 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1236 February 27, 2018 
then just turn away; it is called ‘‘will-ful ignorance.’’ By 1983, the atmos-pheric concentration of CO
2was 343 parts per million. Then came 1999, when James Han-sen’s famous Senate testimony threat-ened API’s willful ignorance scheme. So API and its Big Oil members found-ed a front group with the misleading name Global Climate Coalition. What is it with these front groups and these people, anyway? Why is it always these front groups? Global Climate Coalition began to spread falsehoods and disinformation about climate science, even though in 1989 they knew. In 1989, they had known for 30 years, since that first report in 1959, and by 1989 the at-mospheric concentration was 353 parts per million. In 1993, API hired one of the same men who wrote those phony Kyoto and Paris reports that I mentioned to write a report attacking President Clinton’s so-called Btu tax on fuel sources. In 1993, the CO
2concentration in the at-mosphere was up to 357 parts per mil-lion. In 1998, API did that report at-tacking the Kyoto Protocol. It also commissioned what it called its Global Climate Science Communications Plan, a plan designed to mislead Americans about climate science. By 1998, the at-mospheric concentration of CO
2was 367 parts per million. In 2009, API fought and killed the Waxman-Markey cap-and-trade legisla-tion that would have controlled carbon emissions. By 2009, the atmospheric concentration of CO
2was 387 parts per million. Now here we are in 2018. API is still fighting climate action. The concentra-tion of carbon dioxide in the atmos-phere is now 407 parts per million, al-most 30 percent higher than it was when API probably first learned what climate science meant. As we have kept dumping carbon pollution into the atmosphere, temperatures and sea lev-els have indeed steadily risen—just as API was told they would. They knew, but they lied. For decades, they lied on a massive industrial scale. They lied through phony science. They lied through phony front groups and bogus studies. They lied through talk shows. They lied through rightwing media. They lied through AstroTurf, and well-paid PR firms. They lied for decades, and now the American people have to pay the price of climate change to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars. So, from their point of view, what the heck? After decades of lying about climate change, what is a little dis-crepancy now between what Big Oil CEOs say and what Big Oil lobbyists do? The industry’s sophisticated and expensive disinformation and lobbying campaign has blockaded climate action in this country for more than half a century. When you have been lying that long, maybe it is a hard habit to break. Looking back at this whole scam, I guess API and its members actually see it as a win—nearly 60 years of industry profits they protected behind the barri-cade of lies, but at what price to our country? At what price to Americans whose lives have already, in many cases, been upended by climate change? At what price to people around the world who will suffer the effects of cli-mate change and one day want an an-swer about why America, through all this period, let this take place—why America let them down. The time for deception, the time for front groups, for misinformation, for inaction is over. API and its fossil fuel allies over at the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce and National Association of Manufacturers have blocked climate action in Congress long enough. Look at the price we paid to allow the fossil fuel lobby to dictate climate policy in this great body. Four hundred seven parts per million is a measurement, and it is a measurement unprecedented in the full span of human history on this planet. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. RUBIO). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise today to call on President Trump to nominate a Director for the Indian Health Service. There are many critical issues facing Indian Country—economic develop-ment, infrastructure, protection of Na-tive lands, respect for Tribal govern-ments—and after years and years of broken promises, discrimination, and neglect, Washington owes Tribes a fighting chance to build stronger com-munities and a brighter future. The Federal Indian trust responsi-bility means that Washington has a basic legal obligation to the Tribes. Washington also has a fundamental moral obligation, and that starts with basic healthcare. American Indians have treaty rights to healthcare from the Federal Govern-ment, but the U.S. Government cannot fulfill our treaty obligations if key posts, such as the Director of IHS, lay vacant for years. The IHS is a big deal. It is the pri-mary Federal healthcare provider for American Indians and Alaska Natives. It serves 2.2 million people spread across 36 States. It has a budget of nearly $5 billion annually. The IHS provides care through more than 660 clinics, hospitals, and health stations on or near reservations, many of them in remote and rural locations located hours away from other health facili-ties. It serves more than 13 million out-patient visitors a year. The doctors, nurses, and other healthcare providers at IHS hospitals and clinics do everything from deliv-ering babies, to providing dental serv-ices, to fighting the opioid crisis. Right now, more than a year into President Trump’s term, there is still no permanent leader at the Indian Health Service. Two weeks ago, the nomination for IHS Director was with-drawn, and there hasn’t been a Senate- confirmed Director for years. This leadership vacuum creates a serious problem. The IHS cannot engage in long-term planning without a perma-nent Director at the helm. It cannot of-ficially fix problems at hospitals that failed inspections and where Medicare and Medicaid funding is in jeopardy. It cannot move as decisively to ensure that IHS facilities stay open. It cannot implement agency-wide standards for quality of care, as the Government Ac-countability Office has recommended. The IHS cannot prioritize competing issues, solve serious and longstanding problems, or work through how to meet multiple goals more effectively. Its relationship with other Federal agencies is weakened without a stable leader—critical relationships with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the Office of Management and Budget, the Substance Abuse and Men-tal Health Services Administration, and the rest of the Department of Health and Human Services. It cannot ensure that programs like the Special Diabetes Program for Indians, which has created real, positive outcomes, is implemented as well as possible. The IHS cannot work out a direction for the Service and hold a single stable leader accountable for doing a good job. The IHS faces serious challenges that require the attention of a permanent, dedicated Director. The agency is un-derfunded and has been underfunded for a long time. As a result, its facilities often lack medical equipment that many Americans take for granted when they visit a clinic or a hospital, like an MRI machine or a functioning oper-ating room. A 2016 report by the in-spector general of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services found that IHS hospital administrators have had difficulty recruiting and retaining critical staff. Aging hospital buildings and outdated equipment also raise con-cerns about patient safety. The inspec-tor general cites concerns about cor-roded pipes leaking sewage into the OR and not being able to find replacement parts to fix old equipment the hospitals are relying on. Doctors and nurses should be able to focus on helping their patients get well, not on whether the building is habitable and basic facili-ties are available. There are also serious staffing short-ages. At its Great Plains facilities, for example, IHS vacancy rates have reached 37 percent. Compare that to my home State of Massachusetts, where only 6 percent of nursing jobs were vacant in 2015. Tribal leaders are understandably concerned about the direction of an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.032 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1237 February 27, 2018 
agency that plays such a vital role in their communities. Here is what I heard from Chairwoman Cheryl An-drews-Maltais, of the Wampanoag Tribe of Gay Head—the Aquinnah—in Massachusetts: ‘‘This vacancy has cre-ated significant instability and nega-tively affects the already burdened IHS system.’’ She added: ‘‘Not only is it a failure on the part of the Federal Gov-ernment to not adequately fund healthcare for Indians; the failure to appoint someone to lead this critical service area is considered by many Tribes as gross negligence.’’ The chair-woman says that the United States is failing to keep its word and failing to fulfill its ‘‘solemn responsibility’’ to the Tribes. I agree with the chair-woman. Healthcare is a basic human right, and everyone in this country deserves access to quality, affordable healthcare. But the stakes are particu-larly high for Native people. An American Indian or Alaska Na-tive baby born today has a life expect-ancy that is almost 4
1⁄2years shorter than the U.S. average. These little ba-bies are also more likely to die before they ever reach their first birthday. Native infant mortality is about 25 per-cent higher than for the U.S. as a whole. Chronic diseases like diabetes and heart disease hit Native Americans harder too. For instance, American In-dians and Alaska Natives die from dia-betes at a rate that is three times high-er than that of the entire American population. Mental health and addiction issues are also a very big concern. The opioid epidemic has devastated communities all over our country, but it is a par-ticularly virulent problem for Native Americans, who have the highest per capita rates of opioid overdoses in the country. Similarly, the alcohol-related death rate for Native Americans is about 500 percent higher than for the rest of the population. Suicide rates are about 70 percent higher. Everyone struggling with addiction deserves access to high-quality treat-ment, no matter who they are or where they live. That is the only way we are going to make progress in tackling this crisis. But right now, in a place where the need is great, the Federal Govern-ment is failing to provide adequate care. With so much need, investing in im-proving the IHS should be a top pri-ority for Washington. I am glad that the Trump administration’s latest budget for the IHS includes a funding increase. Still, this government needs to do more—much more. A Senate-con-firmed Director can serve as the advo-cate the IHS needs in order to get the resources it deserves. In fact, Federal law explicitly says that advocating good Indian health policy is one of the Director’s job responsibilities. We should be doing that job. We need a good person in this job, which means the nominee must be thoroughly vetted. But that is not an excuse for more delay or for the White House to drag its feet. It needs to work with the Tribes to find the right person for the job and then submit the nomi-nation quickly. The person who heads up the IHS should be knowledgeable and should have a vision for how to deliver better healthcare to Native Americans. The person should have the determination and commitment to push Congress to meet its treaty obligations in pro-viding healthcare to Native commu-nities. The Trump administration doesn’t have a stellar record when it comes to nominating the right people for impor-tant jobs. I often strongly disagree with the President’s picks. But leaving hundreds of critical posts across our government vacant, including the IHS Director, has a devastating effect all its own. It wasn’t until just 2 weeks ago that President Trump finally named a nominee to be Commissioner of the Ad-ministration for Native Americans. Several offices in the Federal bu-reaucracy have an important role in running important programs for Tribes, and the President hasn’t nomi-nated heads for some of those offices— for instance, the Director of the De-partment of Justice’s Office on Vio-lence Against Women, which admin-isters key grant programs for Tribal programs to combat domestic violence and sexual assault, and the Assistant Secretary of the Employment and Training Administration in the Depart-ment of Labor, which provides work-force innovation and opportunity grants to Tribes and Tribal organiza-tions. These vacancies hit Native com-munities hard, and they represent one more broken promise to Native people. There is no excuse for delay. I urge President Trump to move quickly to consult with Tribes and to submit a nomination for IHS Director. The Na-tive community should not have to wait any longer. I yield the floor. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ILLINOIS FLOODING Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last week, rainstorms and melting snow caused flooding across Illinois, with more than 20 counties throughout the State placed under a flood warning. As the water level of rivers continued to rise, several communities had to evac-uate their homes for their own safety. Sadly, these storms were so severe that flooded roadways claimed the life of an Illinois resident after her car rolled into a rain-filled ditch. Multiple com-munities were evacuated, and in some areas, residents had to be rescued by boat. Some of the worst impacted areas were in Iroquois, Kankakee, and Vermilion Counties. The Governor de-clared a State disaster for these coun-ties, and the American Red Cross es-tablished shelters for evacuated resi-dents. These floods were not just limited to communities in east central Illinois. Counties in western and downstate Illi-nois were also among the most im-pacted. In Ford Heights, a suburb of Chicago, at least 100 homes were im-pacted and seven residents were res-cued by boat. In north central Illinois, a nursing home in LaSalle County had to be evacuated, and the next day, parts of the county were placed under mandatory evacuation order. Downstate, rain continued through the weekend, and crews from the De-partment of Corrections worked to in-stall flood gates in Hardin County, and the Department of Transportation de-livered pumps, hoses, and sandbags to aid in recovery. The Illinois Depart-ment of Natural Resources also pro-vided boats to aid with flood patrols. Some of the areas that experienced heavy rains and flooding throughout last week, like Freeport in north-western Illinois, were also impacted by flooding just last year. Freeport was flooded in July 2017, and on Friday night, the Red Cross once again opened an emergency shelter there. Situations like this are the reason that commu-nities that often experience flooding need more assistance, both to plan for emergencies and to quickly mitigate the aftermath. With extreme weather conditions like these becoming more frequent and more severe, I have heard from many Illinois constituents who are concerned about their ability to recover from re-peated flood events like these. I stand ready to assist at the Federal level to help these communities rebuild and re-cover in a way that will allow them to be more resilient when the next flood occurs. As is often the case when a disaster like this occurs, I was so impressed with the residents, first responders, and local officials who worked tire-lessly to protect their communities. I want to thank our local law enforce-ment—firefighters and police—who al-ways do the best job to keep our com-munities safe and work long hours be-cause of it. I also want to recognize the hard work of the State and Federal employ-ees that have pitched in at every level, including the Army Corps of Engineers, the Department of Natural Resources, and the Illinois Emergency Manage-ment Agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.034 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1238 February 27, 2018 
Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the Illinois resident who lost her life and with all those who have ex-perienced damage to their homes and other property. We will rebuild—as the people of Illinois always do—and will once again be stronger for it. 
f 
HONORING COMMANDER PAUL BAUER Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to Com-mander Paul Bauer, a 31-year veteran of the police force who was fatally shot on Tuesday February 13, 2018, while in the line of duty. Commander Bauer had a remarkable career with the Chicago Police Department and will be remem-bered by his colleagues as a model po-lice officer. Commander Bauer made the ultimate sacrifice while protecting our city and its people, and I am thankful for all of his years of service. He leaves behind his wife, Erin, of 16 years and his 13-year-old daughter, Grace. May his service, sacrifice, and kind spirit serve as an inspiration to us all. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HEIDEH SHAHMORADI Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to express my gratitude to Heideh Shahmoradi, who since 2011 has served as clerk for the Appropriations Sub-committee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, or THUD, for her many years of distinguished public service. Heideh’s 24 years of public service have included time on both the Senate Appropriations Committee and the En-vironment and Public Works Com-mittee, as well as the Department of Transportation and the Federal High-way Administration, where she first started as a part-time employee at the age of 16. In her 7 years with THUD, Heideh has played an instrumental role on a host of issues. Her programmatic knowledge and technical expertise have been crit-ical in policy-making decisions that ensured air traffic controllers were able to get back to safely managing our Nation’s air traffic control system following the across-the-board spend-ing cuts in 2013. Heideh has also worked to make groundbreaking trans-formations in how we address youth homelessness, which afflicts far too many young people each year. Thanks to Heideh’s dedicated efforts, we have successfully created targeted programs that are designed to meet the unique needs of teenagers through the Youth Homelessness Demonstration Program, in ways that our traditional approach to homelessness was unsuccessful in addressing. Heideh is truly a consummate profes-sional, a brilliant expert, and most im-portantly, one of the kindest and friendliest people in the Senate. She is known by her colleagues as being an honest broker who is able to work in a truly bipartisan fashion in order to help us advance important legislation. As Heideh leaves the Senate after years of hard work and dedicated pub-lic service, she leaves behind an im-pressive list of accomplishments and colleagues whose lives she touched be-cause she was such an exceptional role model and mentor. I wish her contin-ued success and much happiness in the years to come. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID COUSENS ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize David Cousens of South Thomaston, ME, who will soon retire from being the president of the Maine Lobstermen’s Association after a tenure spanning three decades. Dave’s skills as a leader and savvy as a lobsterman have steered the organiza-tion and members of the industry it represents with a strong and steady hand through a period of increased landings, innovative conservation, and improved regulatory structure. Dave’s hallmark over his entire career was an ability to listen to and foster respect between a diverse crowd of harvesters, regulators, scientists, and other mem-bers of the industry. When Dave became president of the Maine Lobstermen’s Association in 1991, great change was afoot. Then, with annual landings in the range of 30 million pounds, lobstermen were not limited in the number of traps they fished, draggers were permitted to land large quantities of lobster, and, despite a vast majority of it taking place in State waters, the fishery was managed federally. Furthermore, many of the conservation measures that we now identify as integral to the fishery were, at the time, only practiced voluntarily by Maine lobstermen. Over the past 27 years, while running one of the most prominent industry groups in the State, Dave has not backed off his primary occupation, that of a lobsterman. The time he has spent behind the wheel of his truck getting to meetings up and down the coast of Maine, in meetings from Wash-ington, DC, to Nova Scotia and every-where in between, and on the phone with anyone and everyone has not stopped him from continuing to fish a full complement of traps—800 these days. This commitment, personal and communal, to an iconic Maine way of life is a significant reason why the fish-ery, which recently landed a record an-nual catch of 130 million pounds, is today both a crown jewel of Maine’s coastal economy and a shining example of sustainability envied around the world. For generations, Maine lobstermen like Dave have known that to ensure their future livelihood and that of their children—(his three sons are also lobstermen)—they must responsibly shepherd the resource. Under Dave’s leadership, the Maine Lobstermen’s As-sociation successfully helped transi-tion management of lobster fishery from the Federal New England Fishery Management Council to the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission and, as a result, expanded the Maine practice of marking egg-bearing fe-males and returning them to the water so they may continue to breed to other States and Canadian provinces. He also oversaw successful efforts to signifi-cantly reduce the large amount of lob-ster that was being caught in the Gulf of Maine as bycatch in draggers’ trawls, limit the total number of traps that lobstermen fish and increase the size of escape vents that allow juvenile lobsters to escape a trap. Most re-cently, as the fishery moves further offshore amidst warming ocean tem-peratures and concerns about its impli-cations on whale population have aris-en—Dave’s trademark leadership style has set the stage for meaningful ex-change and beneficial compromise on an issue that will likely get a lot of at-tention in the coming years. As Dave looks forward to spending a little more time with his family and friends, I wish to commend him on the exemplary leadership over the years— listening, learning, and always keeping a clear, insightful, and good-humored eye on the horizon.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ADVANCED WELDING AND STEEL ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, setting out to start a small business in Amer-ica is not for the faint of heart. In many cases, it takes a great deal of self-sufficiency and perseverance, and, for most, success does not come easily. Success is often built through years of hard work, sacrifice, and dedication. Today, I would like to recognize a small business from my home State of Idaho that exemplifies these very traits. As chairman of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship, I am proud to recognize a Grangeville, ID, small business, Ad-vanced Welding and Steel, as the Small Business of the Month for February 2018. This small business demonstrates a dedication to producing quality goods while providing a unique service. Their story reminds us that, with hard work and dedication, Americans can accom-plish almost anything to which they set their minds. With over 20 years in business, Advanced Welding and Steel has served as a great example of the de-termined entrepreneurial spirit found all across Idaho. Advanced Welding and Steel’s story is the quintessential story of American entrepreneurship. Ryan Uhlenkott grew up in a hard-working entrepre-neurial family. He learned valuable traits such as a strong work ethic, timeliness, and honesty while working on the family farm, splitting wood for the winter, and helping out at the fam-ily water well drilling business. While a college student, he worked part time sweeping floors in a welding shop, which led to a full-time welding job. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.028 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1239 February 27, 2018 
Before he set out on his own, Ryan gained experience in a variety of posi-tions across the fabrication industry, including as a crane operator, planner, mapper, welder, erecter, and fabricator. After receiving certifications in boiler and pipe welding, he decided to intro-duce his own approach to fabrication. He drew upon his knowledge, experi-ence, and his innate entrepreneurial mindset in 1998, when he founded Ad-vanced Welding and Steel. Ryan start-ed out with one welder mounted on the back of a pickup truck. The company quickly grew in both employees and ca-pacity, going from a 6,000-square-foot shop in 2003 to the current state-of-the- art 60,000-square-foot shop with paint booths, shot blasters, and a railings shop. A major motivating factor in starting his own business was Ryan’s desire to spend more time with his family. To this day, he considers his family and his employees’ families to be the center of his business model. Today, Advanced Welding and Steel delivers its products across the western United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. The company’s attention to de-tail in its processes of estimating, de-tailing, and project management has turned the small business into one of the most respected fabricators in the region. A team of 15 highly qualified professionals work at the company, and over the years, they estimate that they have delivered over 15 million pounds of steel to their customers. Their hard work resulted in Advanced Welding and Steel being recognized in the July 2017 edition of Modern Steel Construction for their outstanding work as the prime fabricator for the new student center at Gonzaga Univer-sity in Spokane, WA. The company is committed to excellence in their craft and also to the sustainable use of their products, as over 90 percent of the steel they work with has been recycled, add-ing to the overwhelmingly positive im-pact they bring to local Idaho commu-nities. The hard-working team members of Advanced Welding and Steel have dec-ades of experience in multiple fields within the steel industry. Through their commitment to their customers, Ryan’s team provides an excellent product with exceptional service, and they make a sizable impact in the local and national fabricating industry. They ensure that their projects are well planned and seamlessly executed. The State of Idaho is proud to be a home for small businesses like them who go above and beyond in pursuit of the American dream. I extend my sincerest congratula-tions to Ryan Uhlenkott, his family, and the entire team at Advanced Weld-ing and Steel. I look forward to watch-ing your continued growth and suc-cess.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANTHONY STOKS ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize the hard work of my Com-merce, Science, and Transportation Committee intern Anthony Stoks. An-thony hails from Adelaide, Australia, and is a law student at Flinders Uni-versity. While interning for the Commerce Committee, Anthony assisted the Sub-committee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness. He is a dedicated worker who was committed to getting the most out of his internship. I extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Anthony for all of the fine work he did for the committee and wish him con-tinued success in the years to come. ∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:02 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 767. An act to establish the Stop, Ob-serve, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system. H.R. 880. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain mili-tary trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other purposes. H.R. 1222. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes. H.R. 2410. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment dem-onstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, preven-tion, and treatment. H.R. 2422. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other under-served individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 772. An act to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, Feb-ruary 27, 2018, he has signed the fol-lowing enrolled bills, which were pre-viously signed by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. MOONEY ): 
H.R. 1725. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit certain reports relating to medical evidence submitted in support of claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary. H.R. 3122. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to include on the internet website of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs a warning regarding dishonest, preda-tory, or otherwise unlawful practices tar-geting individuals who are eligible for in-creased pension on the basis of need for reg-ular aid and attendance, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 4533. An act to designate the health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lex-ington VA Health Care System’’ and to make certain other designations. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 767. An act to establish the Stop, Ob-serve, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 880. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain mili-tary trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 1222. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 2410. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment dem-onstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, preven-tion, and treatment; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 2422. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other under-served individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
S. 2464. A bill to improve border security and to provide conditional provision resi-dence to certain long-term residents who en-tered the United States as children. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4362. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.038 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1240 February 27, 2018 
pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Re-port to the Congress on the Joint Committee Reductions for Fiscal Year 2019’’; to the Spe-cial Committee on Aging; Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry; Appropriations; Armed Services; Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs; the Budget; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Energy and Natural Re-sources; Environment and Public Works; Se-lect Committee on Ethics; Finance; Foreign Relations; Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs; Indian Affairs; Select Com-mittee on Intelligence; the Judiciary; Rules and Administration; Small Business and En-trepreneurship; and Veterans’ Affairs. EC–4363. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Se-questration Preview Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2019’’; to the Special Committee on Aging; Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; Appropriations; Armed Services; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Budget; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Energy and Natural Resources; Environment and Public Works; Select Committee on Ethics; Fi-nance; Foreign Relations; Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; Indian Affairs; Select Committee on Intelligence; the Judiciary; Rules and Administration; Small Business and Entrepreneurship; and Veterans’ Affairs. EC–4364. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Distillates (petroleum), Solvent- Dewaxed Heavy Paraffinic; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9974–14) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4365. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Quizalofop ethyl; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9972–30) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4366. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Indaziflam; Pesticide Tolerances for Emergency Exemptions’’ (FRL No. 9973–10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 16, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4367. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Methyl-alpha-D-mannopyranoside (Alpha Methyl Mannoside); Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9972–04) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 16, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4368. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to violations of the Antideficiency Act that in-volved fiscal years 2011–2015 Operation and Maintenance, Army (OMA), funds and was assigned case number 17–01; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations. EC–4369. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Army, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to Military Heli-copter Noise; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4370. A communication from the Coun-sel of the Legislative and Regulatory Activi-ties Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Practice and Proce-dure; Rules of Practice and Procedure in Ad-judicatory Proceedings; Civil Money Penalty Inflation Adjustments’’ (RIN1557–AE14) re-ceived in the office of the President of the Senate on February 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–4371. A communication from the Senior Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules Concerning Prepaid Accounts Under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (Regula-tion E) and the Truth in Lending Act (Regu-lation Z)’’ (12 CFR Part 1005 and 1026) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–4372. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel for Operations, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, four (4) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–4373. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency with respect to Cuba and of the emergency authority relating to the regulation of the anchorage and move-ment of vessels, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–4374. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Quizalofop ethyl, Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9972–24) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 15, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4375. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pendimethalin; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9973–03) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 15, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4376. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Arizona Plan Revisions, Arizona Department of Environmental Qual-ity’’ (FRL No. 9974–68–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 15, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4377. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Re-visions to Implement the Revocation of the 1997 Ozone NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9974–66–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4378. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; Non-attainment New Source Review Permit Re-quirements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Stand-ard’’ (FRL No. 9973–18–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 15, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4379. A communication from the Chair-man of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Strategic Plan for fiscal year 2018 through fiscal year 2022; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4380. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Rule Part 225, Control of Emissions from Large Com-bustion Sources’’ (FRL No. 9974–87–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4381. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Indiana NSR/PSD; Indiana PM2.5 NSR; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9974–88–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4382. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting proposed legislation entitled ‘‘Washington Aqueduct Divestiture Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4383. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting a legisla-tive proposal ‘‘Inland Waterways Revenue Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4384. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Department of the Treasury’s strategic plan for fiscal years 2018 - 2022; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4385. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Procedure 2018–17’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 15, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4386. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Low-Income Hous-ing Credit Disaster Relief for the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico’’ (Notice 2018–17) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 21, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–4387. A communication from the Dep-uty Inspector General for Audit Services, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘Review of Medicare Administrative Contractor Information Security Program Evaluations for Fiscal Year 2016’’ ; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4388. A communication from the Chief of the Border Security Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical Amendment to List of User Fee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.011 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1241 February 27, 2018 
Airports: Name Changes of Several Airports and the Addition of Five Airports’’ (CBP Dec. 18–01) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 16, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4389. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2018–0010 - 2018–0017); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4390. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations: Addition of South Sudan’’ (RIN1400–AE51) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 15, 2018; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4391. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services to Australia to support the manufacture, assembly, and support of Gimbal Weapon Mounts for Re-motely Operated Weapon System for ulti-mate end-use by the government of Saudi Arabia in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–021); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–4392. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services to Japan to support the integration, operation, mainte-nance, test, repair, and general support of the Microwave Power Module Based Trans-mitter for the Japanese Ministry of Defense F–15J aircraft in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–115); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4393. A communication from the In-spector General of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the In-spector General’s Congressional Budget Jus-tification for fiscal year 2019; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4394. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; China Basin, Mission Creek, San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 1015)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4395. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–247, ‘‘National Community Reinvestment Coalition Real Property Tax Exemption Amendment Act of 2018’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4396. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–248, ‘‘Bicycle and Pedestrian Safety Clarification Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4397. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–249, ‘‘Electric Vehicle Public Infrastructure Expansion Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4398. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–250, ‘‘Africare Real Property Tax Relief Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4399. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–251, ‘‘General Obligation Bonds and Bond Anticipation Notes for Fis-cal Years 2018–2023 Authorization Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4400. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–252, ‘‘East End Commercial Real Property Tax Rate Reduction Amend-ment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4401. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–253, ‘‘Jackson School Lease Renewal Authorization Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4402. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–254, ‘‘East End Grocery and Retail Incentive Tax Exemption Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4403. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–255, ‘‘Washington Metrorail Safety Commission Board of Directors Ap-pointment Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4404. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Financial Re-port of the United States Government for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4405. A communication from the Presi-dent and CEO, Inter-American Foundation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Founda-tion’s FY17 Annual Performance Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4406. A communication from the Presi-dent and CEO, Inter-American Foundation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Founda-tion’s FY17 Annual Performance Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4407. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Pequonnock River, Bridgeport, CT’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0161)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4408. A communication from the In-spector General of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the In-spector General’s Congressional Budget Jus-tification for fiscal year 2019; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4409. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Department’s 2017 Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) and Agency Privacy Manage-ment Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4410. A communication from the Vice Chairman, Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Merit Systems Protection Board Annual Performance Report for FY 2017 and Annual Performance Plan for FY 2018 (Final) and FY 2019 (Proposed)’’ and the Board’s Strategic Plan for FY 2018–2022; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4411. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary, National Protection and Programs Direc-torate, Department of Homeland Security, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4412. A communication from the Chief of External Affairs and Performance Branch, Office of Government Ethics, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Director, Office of Government Ethics, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 20, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4413. A communication from the Chief Financial Officer, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Performance and Account-ability Report for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4414. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Administra-tion’s Strategic Plan for fiscal years 2018– 2022; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–4415. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Economic Report of the President together with the 2018 Annual Re-port of the Council of Economic Advisers; to the Joint Economic Committee. EC–4416. A communication from the Direc-tor, Bureau of Economic Analysis, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inter-national Services Surveys: BE–120 Bench-mark Survey of Transactions in Selected Services and Intellectual Property With For-eign Persons’’ (RIN0691–AA87) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4417. A communication from the Asso-ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Connect America Fund; ETC Annual Reports and Certifi-cations; Rural Broadband Experiments; and Connect America Fund Phase II Auction’’ ((WC Docket No. 10–90; WC Docket No. 14–58; WC Docket No. 14–259; and AU Docket No. 17– 182) (FCC 18–5)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4418. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 May 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\FEBRUARY\S27FE8.REC S27FE8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1242 February 27, 2018 
to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Russian Sanctions: Addition of Certain Entities to the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AH48) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 22, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4419. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Protected Resources, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Listing the Oceanic Whitetip Shark as Threatened Under the Endangered Species Act’’ (RIN0648–XE314) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4420. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Harmonization of Fire Protection Equip-ment Standards for Towing Vessels’’ ((RIN1625–AC43) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 1060)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4421. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Assistant Secretary for Governmental Affairs, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 15, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4422. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Pamlico River, Wash-ington, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–1100)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 20, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science , and Transportation. EC–4423. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Gasparilla Marine Pa-rade; Hillsborough Bay, Tampa, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 1102)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4424. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Canav-eral Barge Canal; Canaveral, FL’’ ((RIN1625– AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0161)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 20, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE for Mr. McCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Air Force nomination of Col. Lee H. Harvis, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nominations beginning with Col. Michael L. Ahmann and ending with Col. John P. York, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 18, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Col. Christopher R. Alderdice and ending with Col. David J. Mounkes, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 18, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Col. Timothy L. Adams and ending with Col. Karl D. Pierson, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 18, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. John J. DeGoes and ending with Brig. Gen. Lee E. Payne, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 5, 2018. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Jeffrey P. Kramer, to be Major General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Gordon D. Peters, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Brian B. Brown, to be Vice Admiral. Air Force nomination of Col. John J. Allen, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Todd M. Lazaroski, to be Brigadier General. Mr. INHOFE for Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the fol-lowing nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates in-dicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nomina-tions lie at the Secretary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Paul Obi Amaliri and ending with Meoshia A. Wilson, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 14, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Carl P. Bhend and ending with Christopher M. Wolbert, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 19, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Ste-ven J. Acevedo and ending with Heather C. Yun, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 19, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Nataliya A. Ables and ending with Michelle L. Zielinski, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 19, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with George Z. Aberth and ending with Veranika Zakharyeva, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 19, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Kevin D. Alford and ending with Winnifred M. Wong, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 19, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Ann E. Alexander and ending with Patrick B. Parsons, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 19, 2018. Air Force nomination of David J. Caswell, to be Colonel. Air Force nomination of Bruce P. Heseltine, Jr., to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Mi-chael T. Cain and ending with Ilda Y. Isaza, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 5, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Kerry L. Hirzel and ending with Joshua S. Trice, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 5, 2018. Air Force nomination of Miguel J. Mo-rales, to be Major. Air Force nominations beginning with Julie A. Bowman and ending with Larrin S. Wampler, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 5, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Marc M. Adair and ending with Jesse B. Zydallis, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 8, 2018. Army nomination of Devry C. Anderson, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Andrew A. Arndt and ending with D013347, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 19, 2018. Army nomination of Tyler M. Aber-crombie, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Randolph S. Car-penter, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Angel Soto, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Mat-thew C. Dawson and ending with Lee C. Novy, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 19, 2018. Army nomination of Thomas A. Summers, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Christina M. Buchner, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Marcia L. Lewis, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Jack E. Shields III, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Jerzy M. Matyszczuk, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Alecia D. Biddison and ending with Roger R. Wold, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 5, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Joseph W. Bishop and ending with Robert T. Utlaut, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 5, 2018. Army nomination of Jennifer L. White, to be Major. Army nomination of Patrick E. Mather, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Luis G. Fuchu and ending with Dexter C. Nunnally, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 5, 2018. Army nomination of Olivia H. Ivey, to be Major. Army nomination of Han S. Kim, to be Major. Army nomination of John E. Richardson, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Paul A. White, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Robert T. Carter, Jr. and ending with Charles A. Phillips, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 5, 2018. Army nomination of Kyle R. Stiefel, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Adam C. Miller, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Mathew M. Condry, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with David A. Amamoo and ending with D013799, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 8, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.015 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1243 February 27, 2018 
Army nomination of Jason B. Yenrick, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of David R. Addams, to be Major. Army nomination of Pankaj A. Ksheersagar, to be Major. Army nomination of Michael P. Sargent, to be Major. Army nomination of Nicholas E. Hurd, to be Major. Army nomination of Michael C. Agbay, to be Major. Army nomination of Jay A. Iannacito, to be Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of Lonnie M. McGhee, Jr., to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Michael E. Feuquay and ending with Heath E. Ruppert, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 5, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Shawn P. Chabot and ending with Ricardo B. Rivera, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 8, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Enrique Luz, Jr. and ending with Jeremy J. Willoughby, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 8, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Jeffrey A. Bryant and ending with Joe A. Saenz, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 8, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Andrew E. Cheatum and ending with Joseph M. David, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 8, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Brian K. Evans and ending with Jeremy F. Ortiz, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 8, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Daniel H. Flick and ending with Jesse C. Tallman, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 8, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Ezra H. Bardo and ending with Michael C. Medley, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 8, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Matthew C. Pampush and ending with Ste-phen T. Sutton, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 8, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Odin Pineda and ending with James M. Rod, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 8, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Natalie E. Moore and ending with Brooke J. Speers, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 13, 2018. Navy nomination of Henry J. Kennedy, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of John A. Mills, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Eric C. Correll, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Jamal L. Headen, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Patrick P. Arrigo and ending with Oliver C. Zufelt, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 5, 2018. Navy nomination of Jessica M. Ferraro, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Vijay M. Ravindra, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Elisabeth S. Stephens, to be Captain. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY: S. 2453. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide the Secretary with information on the hospital’s acquisition costs for 340B drugs and the total revenues received by the hospital for such drugs; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 2454. A bill to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to require disclosure of payments for settlements of disputes regard-ing sexual abuse and certain types of harrassment and discrimination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. T
OOMEY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. G
RAHAM ): S. 2455. A bill to encourage United States- Ukraine cybersecurity cooperation and re-quire a report regarding such cooperation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Ms. C ANTWELL ): S. 2456. A bill to reauthorize and expand the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. B
OOZ-
MAN, and Mr. T ESTER ): S. 2457. A bill to provide a work oppor-tunity tax credit for military spouses and to provide for flexible spending arrangements for childcare services for military families; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. T
OOMEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. K ING, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. K
AINE): S. 2458. A bill to authorize the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms and explosives and Federal firearms and explo-sives licenses and permits to known or sus-pected terrorists; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: S. 2459. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for current year inclusion of net CFC tested income, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. T
OOMEY ): S. 2460. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require e-prescribing for coverage under part D of the Medicare program of prescription drugs that are con-trolled substances; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ): S. 2461. A bill to allow for judicial review of certain final rules relating to national emis-sion standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requir-ing compliance with the rules by existing sources; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. DAINES ): S. 2462. A bill to place restrictions on searches and seizures of electronic devices at the border; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. Y
OUNG , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. K
AINE): S. 2463. A bill to establish the United States International Development Finance Corporation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 2464. A bill to improve border security and to provide conditional provision resi-dence to certain long-term residents who en-tered the United States as children; read the first time. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. K AINE, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. H ARRIS , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. T ESTER , Mr. K ING, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. C OONS , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. J
ONES ): S.J. Res. 52. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Restoring Internet Freedom’’; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. C OONS , Mr. R EED, Mr. K
AINE, and Mr. S ANDERS ): S. Res. 414. A resolution condemning the continued undemocratic measures by the Government of Venezuela to undermine the independence of democratic institutions and calling for a free and fair electoral process; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Res. 415. A resolution designating March 2, 2018, as ‘‘National Speech and Debate Edu-cation Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.016 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1244 February 27, 2018 
ENZI, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. S
MITH, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. Res. 416. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Career and Technical Education Month; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ): S. Con. Res. 34. A concurrent resolution recognizing the rich history, heritage, and strategic importance of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Marshallese popu-lation residing in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. Con. Res. 35. A concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collec-tively to the members of the Office of Stra-tegic Services; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 58 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 58, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-peal the excise tax on high cost em-ployer-sponsored health coverage. 
S. 168 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 168, a bill to amend and enhance certain maritime programs of the Department of Transportation. 
S. 397 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 397, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure fair-ness in Medicare hospital payments by establishing a floor for the area wage index applied with respect to certain hospitals. 
S. 793 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 793, a bill to prohibit sale of shark fins, and for other purposes. 
S. 811 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 811, a bill to ensure that organizations with religious or moral convictions are allowed to continue to provide services for children. 
S. 834 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 834, a bill to authorize the appro-priation of funds to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention for con-ducting or supporting research on fire-arms safety or gun violence prevention. S. 1091 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1091, a bill to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren. 
S. 1278 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the names of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1278, a bill to provide for the admission of the State of Wash-ington, D.C. into the Union. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1539, a bill to protect victims of stalking from gun violence. 
S. 1589 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1589, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1632 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1632, a bill to establish an additional fund in the Treasury to meet existing statutory obligations to reimburse costs reasonably incurred as a result of the reorganization of broad-cast television spectrum, and for other purposes. 
S. 1674 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1674, a bill to provide grants for the repair, renovation, and construction of public elementary schools and sec-ondary schools, to establish a school infrastructure bond program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1710 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1710, a bill to reduce the Federal budget deficit by closing big oil tax loopholes, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1879 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1879, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of marriage and family thera-pist services and mental health coun-selor services under part B of the Medi-care program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1945 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1945, a bill to regulate large ca-pacity ammunition feeding devices. S. 2073 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2073, a bill to establish a vegetation management pilot program on National Forest System land to bet-ter protect utility infrastructure from passing wildfire, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s dis-ease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2135 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ), the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2135, a bill to enforce current law regarding the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System. 
S. 2208 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2208, a bill to provide for the issuance of an Alzheimer’s Disease Research Semipostal Stamp. 
S. 2278 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2278, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to im-prove health care in rural areas. At the request of Ms. H
EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2278, supra. 
S. 2324 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Sen-ator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2324, a bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to change certain requirements relating to the capital structure of business de-velopment companies, to direct the Se-curities and Exchange Commission to revise certain rules relating to business development companies, and for other purposes. 
S. 2341 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2341, a bill to amend title 38, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.018 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1245 February 27, 2018 
States Code, to improve the processing of veterans benefits by the Department of Veterans Affairs, to limit the au-thority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recover overpayments made by the Department and other amounts owed by veterans to the United States, to improve the due process accorded veterans with respect to such recovery, and for other purposes. 
S. 2353 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2353, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to report on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Ira-nian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes. 
S. 2360 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2360, a bill to provide for the minimum size of crews of freight trains, and for other purposes. 
S. 2421 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2421, a bill to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to provide an exemption from certain notice requirements and penalties for releases of hazardous sub-stances from animal waste at farms. 
S. 2430 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2430, a bill to provide a permanent appropriation of funds for the payment of death gratuities and re-lated benefits for survivors of deceased members of the uniformed services in event of any period of lapsed appropria-tions. 
S. CON. RES. 7 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 7, a concurrent resolu-tion expressing the sense of Congress that tax-exempt fraternal benefit soci-eties have historically provided and continue to provide critical benefits to the people and communities of the United States. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 168, a resolution sup-porting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 377 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 377, a resolution recog-nizing the importance of paying tribute to those individuals who have faith-fully served and retired from the Armed Forces of the United States, designating April 18, 2018, as ‘‘Military Retiree Appreciation Day’’, and en-couraging the people of the United States to honor the past and continued service of military retirees to their local communities and the United States. f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. C ASSIDY , and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 2456. A bill to reauthorize and ex-pand the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I want to address a critical issue today in Westerville, OH, and, frankly, every community I represent in my State and communities all over the country. Today, I want to talk about the opioid epidemic that is gripping our country. Every State represented in this Chamber has had too many commu-nities devastated, families broken apart, and lives taken by the opioid overdoses. The Centers for Disease Con-trol now tells us more than 63,000 Americans died from drug overdoses in 2016, the last year for which they have records. It also looks like it was worse in 2017. More Americans are dying from drug overdoses than the total number of casualties during the Vietnam war. Every year, more Americans are dying from drug overdoses than the total number of casualties from the Vietnam war. Think about that. It is a stag-gering statistic. On average, more than 174 Americans died every single day from a drug over-dose in 2016. That is up from 143 Ameri-cans in 2015 and 105 Americans in 2010. In other words, it is getting worse, and 2016 was the deadliest year on record. Initial estimates for 2017 suggest it is going to be even deadlier, including in my home State of Ohio. Opioids—prescription drugs, heroin, and synthetic forms of heroin—are in-creasingly the reason why. Opioids were involved in about two-thirds of all overdose deaths in 2016. Opioid over-dose deaths were five times higher in 2016 than they were just back in 1999. In the past 17 years, we have seen a fivefold increase in these overdose deaths. It is a national epidemic. It has unfolded in three different waves. It started with prescription drugs, overprescribing of prescription drugs—pain pills. The pill mills we saw in Southern Ohio and around our State exploded about 15 to 20 years ago. Next, there were the heroin deaths. Heroin moved in and spiked as people moved to less expensive and more accessible alternatives than prescription drugs. Now, I hate to tell you, there is a new danger and a threat, and it is deadlier than ever. It is these synthetic opioids—fentanyl, carfentanil—that have moved into our States, over-coming our law enforcement, and the results have been deadly. By the way, it is a crisis that does not discriminate. Opioid addiction af-fects everybody, regardless of age, area code, class, or color. In Ohio, drug ad-diction and acts committed to support it have now become the No. 1 cause of crime in our communities—probably the same in your community. Employers, of course, are increas-ingly pointing to the inability to find workers who can pass a drug test. They can’t fill vacant positions. There is new data out with regard to people who are not showing up on the unemployment rolls but have given up looking for work altogether. There are probably 9 million men between 25 and 55 who are considered to be able-bodied who aren’t even looking for work. Some really troubling statistics out there indicate that maybe as many as half—one study says 48 percent—of those individuals are taking opioids on a daily basis. This is affecting all of us. Every as-pect of our communities is affected. Everybody has a role to play over-coming this epidemic. There is an ur-gency coming up with better strategies to turn the tide on addiction. Although I believe progress has been made re-cently—and it is starting to be made in my State and other States—much more needs to be done and done urgently. Part of that starts with under-standing that addiction is a disease, and it is treatable. Too often it is not treated like that. The appropriate re-sponse should include much more ag-gressive prevention and education, ab-solutely, and more aggressive law en-forcement keeping deadly fentanyl out of our communities through the STOP Act and other means, of course, but we also have to get more effective treat-ment strategies. We have a couple hun-dred thousand people in Ohio who are addicted. We need to get them into treatment, including more effective detox, medication-assisted treatment, and longer term recovery. We know, coupled with the right kind of therapy, the right kind of support and help, peo-ple can get into recovery and get back to their families, get back to work, and get back to being productive citizens. We also know recovery results are a lot better with that kind of continuous support. Closing the gaps that occur is key to overcoming addiction. There is a gap between the crisis response, which is often a first responder—like the two brave officers I talked about earlier—finding someone who has overdosed. Often it is firefighters as well providing Narcan, this miracle drug that reverses the effect of the overdose. That is incredibly important to saving lives. Narcan alone is not sufficient. The key is to get those people into detox and into treatment and longer term re-covery. The gaps we have out there be-tween the crisis response and Narcan, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.020 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1246 February 27, 2018 
then going to detox, then going to treatment, and then going to recovery are creating a lot of the inability to solve this problem. I have probably met a couple of thou-sand addicts or recovering addicts in the last few years. What they tell me is: I tried treatment, but it was for 6, 7, 8 weeks, and then there was nothing for me. It didn’t work for me. Then there are people who overdosed, not once or twice but several times, and they had never been in detox and treatment. One young man I spoke to last week-end has been an addict for 7 years. Fi-nally, his brother convinced him to seek help. The last time he overdosed, he did go into detox. He did go into treatment, to a facility where those gaps were closed, where there was no waiting time, where he was able to get the help, rather than going back to his old community and his old friends and a situation that was going to lead him back into more use and more addiction. The key, again, is to get those who have overdosed into the treatment they need. Overdose reversal provides a second chance at life. Let’s face it. Some of these people who are over-dosing come out of this after Narcan is administered. They have seen their life flash before their eyes, and they are ready for something. We have to be ready for them. Just as the overdose reversal provides a second chance at life, it is treatment and longer term re-covery that provides that second chance to live addiction-free—again, to get back with your family, get back to work, and get back to a productive life. It takes a comprehensive solution be-cause it is a comprehensive problem. That is what led some of us in this body, including my colleague Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE and me, to intro-duce the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, back in 2015. We developed that bill over time by re-lying on experts in the field and those most affected by addiction. Beginning in 2014, when we were in the process of putting together the leg-islation, we hosted five national fo-rums here in Washington, DC. We brought experts and practitioners in from around the country—prevention, treatment, law enforcement, and recov-ery communities. We wanted to get the best practices to find out what was working, what wasn’t working, and how we could improve the response. What role could the Federal Govern-ment play in all of this? We had forums focused on the science of addiction to understand it better, evidence-based prevention strategies that actually work; treating pregnant women who are addicted and babies at risk of being born drug-dependent. There is nothing more heartbreaking than going into the neonatal units in the hospitals in my home State and seeing these babies who were born dependent and watching them go through the painful with-drawal process as infants. Every neo-natal unit in our country has seen this. If you go to your own hospital, they will tell you this is an increasing prob-lem. We had veterans come in, and we had experts come in to help veterans make that transition because, sadly, the use of opioids among veterans is also in-creasing. They sometimes use opioids for injuries, for accidents, for PTSD, and they become addicted. How do you build support around those veterans? We also had people come in and talk about longer term recovery and hous-ing and how, over time, you can get better results if you provide those kinds of services. Our goal was to le-verage the expertise and perspectives of everyone involved in this epidemic, to find best practices, and to create an evidence-based education, treatment, and recovery bill that works. With strong bipartisan support, we moved from hearings, to a unanimous committee markup, to Senate passage of this legislation. By the way, it passed with a vote of 92 to 2. That is not typical around here, certainly not for something so comprehensive. Yet everybody has experienced this back home and is desperate to figure out strategies to help. In July of 2016, President Obama signed CARA into law. It was the first comprehensive ad-diction reform in more than 20 years. It was the first time Congress had ever provided any support or help for this longer term recovery piece. The CARA law targets prevention and education resources to prevent abuse before it even starts—the most effective way. It helps first responders reverse overdoses to save lives. It de-votes resources to evidence-based treatment and recovery programs. It expands prescription drug take-back programs to get addictive pain pills off the bathroom shelves. More than $180 million was authorized to assist com-munities in these efforts to combat this epidemic. Frankly, because of this crisis, the appropriators decided: You know, we need this so badly, we are ac-tually going to appropriate more than the $180 million. Last year, as an exam-ple, they appropriated $267 million—al-most $100 million beyond our author-ization. Again, I think it is beginning to make a difference. I see it back home in Ohio. I see some of these strategies beginning to work. It is going to take some time, and we need to do more. In Ohio, we received about $4 million. When I say ‘‘we,’’ I mean groups, peo-ple who are in the trenches doing the hard work. We have also made progress in this fight with separate opioid legislation that was part of the 21st Century Cures legislation. That legislation was for substance abuse and mental health. Many of us successfully fought to help secure a 2-year commitment there of $500 million a year, totaling $1 billion. It goes directly to the States. This money goes to States that are hardest hit, and States are allowed to decide how to spend that money. The first in-stallment of funding from that legisla-tion awarded my State of Ohio with $26 million, and we are using every penny of it. I was at a facility over the weekend that gave me hope. It is called the Maryhaven Addiction Stabilization Center, and it is in Columbus, OH. They talked about the gaps, where peo-ple who overdose are provided Narcan, and then they go back to their commu-nity, and what first responders will tell you is that sometimes in the same week or even on the same day on some occasions, there is another overdose. The revolving door continues without any treatment and without any solu-tion. Maryhaven Stabilization Center is a response to that. They used the Cures money we talked about, they used some CARA funding from the county—the county is a part of the broader strategy of where the CARA money went—and they said: Let’s put together an institution where there is an emergency room that focuses on overdoses. I have been to other emergency rooms in Columbus, OH, and I have seen what they do with the people who overdose. They save lives, and that is fantastic, but frankly these emergency rooms are equipped for everything, and they have to be—for gunshot wounds, car accidents, trauma. This emergency room would be fo-cused specifically on overdoses, which makes it more cost-effective but also more effective for those recovering ad-dicts, those addicts who are coming in. But most importantly, in that same fa-cility, there is a detox center. In that same facility, there are 50 treatment beds. Whereas in the typical case when somebody overdoses, they go to the emergency room and end up going back to their community, back home, back to the gang, back to the family, in this case, 103 people who have gone through in the last month—it has only been open a month—80 percent of them have gone into treatment. I had the oppor-tunity to meet someone who had been through that process, and we talked about the difference this makes. You literally walk through the door into treatment, there is strong encourage-ment to do it, and it is working. These are the kinds of things that are going to make a difference in our communities. It seems to be common sense, but frankly it is not happening in other places. Programs like these are what are going to help us overcome addiction and are examples of how Fed-eral funds can be used more effectively to leverage, in this case, a lot of pri-vate dollars, some State dollars. Both of these landmark laws—the CARA Act that we talked about and the Cures Act—are providing increased resources to local communities, but this problem is not getting better, it is getting worse. One of the problems is the avail-ability and the low cost of these highly addictive, even more dangerous drugs coming in. There are synthetic opioids. Fentanyl is 50 times stronger than her-oin on average. It is coming in through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.009 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1247 February 27, 2018 
the mail. We need to do more to stop it through law enforcement, but we also need to acknowledge that it has been sprinkled in other drugs and is creating a lot of these addiction overdoses and higher rates of death. The degree of damage this is causing to our communities, our families, our local budgets, and our criminal justice system requires us to take a more ag-gressive stance, to do more to figure this out. We need to strengthen our re-solve. We made progress recently with the bipartisan budget agreement Presi-dent Trump signed into law just a few weeks ago. We included in there an ad-ditional amount of funding—$6 billion over 2 years—to help combat the opioid epidemic. So instead of the $500 million a year and the $260 million a year that I talked about, it would be $3 billion a year and then $3 billion the year after. I believe that the evidence-based pro-grams we set out in the Comprehensive Addiction Recovery Act provide a good framework as to how to spend that money effectively. That is why I am pleased to stand here today as we in-troduce the next stage of this—CARA 2.0—to help provide a framework for how these funds to combat opioid ad-diction can be spent wisely. It is a roadmap for Congress to build on CARA’s successes since becoming law. The bipartisan CARA 2.0 act is being introduced by S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE  and me and also by six other col-leagues—Senators S
HELLEY MOORE  C
APITO , A MYKLOBUCHAR , D ANSUL-
LIVAN , MAGGIE HASSAN , BILLCASSIDY , and M
ARIA CANTWELL —a bipartisan group of four Republicans and four Democrats who are passionate about this issue. It authorizes $1 billion a year for specific evidence-based drug prevention, education, treatment, and recovery programs. It is very important to have this $6 billion of funding over the next couple of years. We need it. But we have to be sure it is spent wisely. It is not a mat-ter of just throwing money at a prob-lem; it is a matter of being sure we are effectively addressing the real issues. As I mentioned earlier, the longer term recovery programs are what real-ly help those gripped by addiction to overcome this disease. That is evidence that we have. I have certainly seen a lot of evidence of that firsthand and countless examples of this, where this longer term recovery and the support networks are what get people back on track, back with their families, back to work. We need to expand access to them to those communities that are in need and give everyone a second chance of living up to their own God-given po-tential. That is why, in this new CARA 2.0, we increase funding for recovery. In addition to expanding the reach of CARA’s evidence-based programs, this bill puts in place new policy reforms to strengthen the government’s response in so many ways. We take what some would consider a pretty dramatic step by limiting opioid prescriptions to 3 days for acute pain. Some will push back against that, but this is based on good evidence and good research. When someone goes in for a simple proce-dure—say, a wisdom tooth extraction— and that young person is given a bottle of opioids when he or she leaves, too often, that leads to addiction. I don’t want more parents coming up to me and saying: My kid, when he or she was a teenager, was given these opioids by a doctor or a dentist, so we thought they were safe. Our child then turned to heroin because the pills became too expensive and less accessible and then turned to fentanyl and overdosed and died. I have had two such parents from Ohio come to me and tell me their story. You probably know others. We need to ensure that these prescriptions are limited. For those who have chron-ic pain and those who have cancer, it wouldn’t apply. And after those 3 days, you can go back to that doctor and tell them why you need it and explain it. Experts say that about 80 percent of those who overdose from heroin started on prescription drugs. I am sure the same is true with regard to fentanyl. Four out of five heroin addicts in my State of Ohio who overdosed started on prescription drugs. We do need to deal with this overprescription problem. By the way, the evidence is that after that fourth day, fifth day, sixth day— that is when you get into the bigger risk of becoming addicted to prescrip-tion drugs. As I mentioned, this epidemic started with an explosion of pain pill use 15 to 20 years ago. We need to stop the addic-tion at the source, and for most people that begins with prescription drugs. By ensuring that clinicians prescribe the appropriate strength and supply of pain pills for non-life-threatening injuries, we can keep so many more people from becoming addicted. The bill also includes legislation very similar to that which passed the Sen-ate in 2015 but was dropped out in the House-Senate conference. It is very simple. It requires doctors and phar-macists to use the prescription drug monitoring programs to ensure that we are not overprescribing opioids for cer-tain individuals. That helps us identify where the problems are and to get peo-ple into treatment. It also requires States to share data with other States to prevent people from crossing State lines to get prescriptions. One of our big problems in Ohio is people can cross the State lines in West Virginia, Kentucky, or other States and get their prescription filled even though it has already been filled once in Ohio. Across State lines, we need to have prescription drug monitoring programs that work. CARA 2.0 is going to help turn the tide of this epidemic. The bill increases Federal funds for specific evidence- based programs to better protect vul-nerable groups—including infants, young adults, pregnant and postpartum women, and veterans—as well as re-sources for community programs, medication-assisted treatment, and first responders. As the title indicates, it is a com-prehensive solution. Every aspect of our communities is affected, so every aspect of our communities needs assist-ance. The opioid epidemic is one of the most urgent challenges we face as a country. By the way, ultimately, this crisis is not going to be solved here in Wash-ington, DC. It is not going to be solved by legislation we pass here. We get that. It is going to be solved in our communities. It is going to be solved in our families. It is going to be solved in our hearts. But this is a national crisis, and the national government needs to be a much better partner with State government, local government, com-munities, and nonprofits—those who are out there doing the hard work. The $6 billion commitment over the next 2 years is a real opportunity to help turn the tide—not by just throw-ing more money at the problem but by being sure that money is well spent on an epidemic that is taking too many lives and devastating too many com-munities. CARA 2.0 will build on our accom-plishments and continue to give com-munities the resources they need to ad-dress this issue. Yes, we have made some progress around here, and that is good, but we need to do much more. CARA 2.0 gives us that opportunity. It represents the next step toward helping our communities address this epidemic and helping our communities heal. Thank you. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. B
OOZMAN , and Mr. T ESTER ): S. 2457. A bill to provide a work op-portunity tax credit for military spouses and to provide for flexible spending arrangements for childcare services for military families; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President. We right-fully honor the sacrifice of veterans and servicemembers and as a member of the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee, I am proud of the work we do to ensure that we have the best equipped and most successful fighting force in the world. Military families are critical to the success and readi-ness of our military, but are too often unrecognized for their support to our servicemembers and left without nec-essary programs and assistance to help them succeed. Military families fre-quently face financial insecurity due to spousal unemployment, which impacts the overall success of our military. Somewhere between 12% and 25% of military spouses are unemployed. Today, I am pleased to introduce with my colleagues Senators B
OOZMAN  and T
ESTER the Jobs and Childcare for Military Families Act of 2018. This leg-islation encourages businesses to step up and play a bigger role in hiring mili-tary spouses who sacrifice so much by expanding the Work Opportunity Tax Credit to also include military spouses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.010 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1248 February 27, 2018 
The bill also further addresses a real obstacle to professional success for many military families: access to qual-ity, affordable childcare by estab-lishing a flexible spending account for military families to use to reimburse themselves for out of pocket child care costs. Addressing these issues will help military spouses advance in their ca-reers despite frequent moves. Being a military family member will never be easy, but if we can do something to ease the burden in any way, we should. This legislation follows the introduc-tion of another bipartisan bill earlier this month, the Military Spouse Em-ployment Act of 2018, which provides direct employment opportunities and additional access to childcare, im-proves educational opportunities and extends transition and counseling serv-ices. I believe if we make it bipartisan priority to support military families, we will see an improvement in the readiness of our military and reap the economic benefits of supporting this underutilized and resilient workforce of military spouses. I hope to see many of the provisions of these two bills in-corporated into this year’s National Defense Authorization Act. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. T OOMEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. K ING, Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. K
AINE): S. 2458. A bill to authorize the Attor-ney General to deny the transfer of firearms and explosives and Federal firearms and explosives licenses and permits to known or suspected terror-ists; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise to introduce the Terrorist Firearms Prevention Act, which would prohibit suspected or known terrorists from le-gally purchasing a firearm. I thank my colleagues—Senators H
EITKAMP , FLAKE , HEINRICH , TOOMEY , B
ALDWIN , KING, NELSON , MANCHIN , and K
AINE—for their cosponsorship of this bipartisan bill. I particularly recognize the leadership of Senator H
EINRICH , who has joined me on the floor this evening as we introduce the bill and ex-plain it to our colleagues. Often referred to as ‘‘no fly, no buy,’’ this bill represents one of the sensible steps that we can take to reform our Nation’s gun laws to better protect our people. Our bill is based on a simple principle: If you are considered to be too dangerous to board an airplane, then you are too dangerous to buy a firearm. Our legislation would grant the At-torney General the authority to block the purchase of a gun by a person who is on either the no-fly or the selectee list. Remarkably, current law does not prohibit a person known or suspected of engaging in terrorism from walking into a gun shop and buying a firearm. The no-fly list and the selectee list are the narrowest subsets of all of the gov-ernment’s terrorist watch lists. These lists include the names of individuals who pose the greatest threat of com-mitting an act of terrorism against aviation, against our homeland, or against U.S. interests abroad. This bill would also provide an immediate alert to the FBI and to local law enforce-ment if an individual who has been on the government’s terrorist watch list at any time during the past 5 years purchases a firearm. Our hearts are all broken by the hor-rific shootings of the students in Flor-ida. There was another horrendous shooting in Florida in 2016 that dem-onstrates why this look-back provision in this legislation is so important. The gunman, Omar Mateen, was on the se-lectee list for approximately 10 months, but he was no longer on the list when he purchased the 2 guns that he used to murder 49 people and injure scores more. If our bill had been en-acted, the FBI would have been noti-fied immediately when Omar Mateen purchased his first firearm in the weeks leading up to the shooting. Then the FBI would have been notified a sec-ond time that Mateen had sought to purchase additional firearms. Surely, that would have caused the FBI to re-open its investigation of Omar Mateen. If our proposal had been law at that time, perhaps that massacre might have been prevented. I note that our bill would provide ro-bust due process procedures to protect the Second Amendment rights of law- abiding Americans. Any American who would be denied a purchase under this bill would have the opportunity to pe-tition a Federal district court and re-ceive a decision within 14 days. If the government, which would have the bur-den of proof, would fail to prove its case, it would have to pay attorneys’s fees for that individual, and, of course, the purchase of the firearm would go forward. In 2016, when the Senate voted on our bill, it won majority and bipartisan support. Our bill was endorsed by a dis-tinguished group of military and intel-ligence leaders. I note that during the 2016 Presidential debates, both can-didates agreed with our principle of no fly, no buy. Surely, this is a sensible, reasonable policy around which we can build consensus. Another step that we can take right now is to pass legislation I introduced with Senator L
EAHY to explicitly out-law straw purchasing. Straw pur-chasing is intended for one purpose only, and that is to put a gun into the hands of a criminal who cannot legally obtain one. Our bill, the Stop Illegal Trafficking in Firearms Act, would provide law enforcement with an effec-tive tool to fight the violence that too often goes hand in hand with drug traf-ficking and gang-related crimes. Today, gun traffickers exploit weak-nesses in our Federal laws by targeting individuals who can lawfully purchase firearms. Sadly, according to briefings that I have had from Federal officials, in the State of Maine gang members from other States have targeted ad-dicts to go buy firearms for them, and then they swap firearms for drugs. Right now a straw purchaser can be prosecuted only for lying on a Federal form, which is treated far too often as just a paperwork violation. Instead of a slap on the wrist, our bill would create new, specific criminal offenses for straw purchasing and trafficking, pun-ishable by hefty prison terms, particu-larly for those who have reason to be-lieve that the firearms will be used to commit violent crimes. Our bill would also outlaw firearms and ammunition smuggling out of the United States to another country. That is vitally important for combating drug trafficking near and across our southern border, which is contributing to the heroin crisis here at home. Let me again be clear that the bill I have introduced with Senator LEAHY  protects the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens. These are just two commonsense re-forms that we can pass while fully pro-tecting the constitutional rights of law-abiding Americans. We can make it as difficult for a terrorist to obtain a gun as it is for him to board an air-plane. We can outlaw straw purchasing by increasing the penalties to make a real difference. I urge my colleagues to support both the bipartisan Terrorist Firearms Prevention Act and the straw purchasing bill, as well as other com-monsense reforms. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I want to start by thanking my colleague, Senator C
OLLINS of Maine, for her work in crafting this legislation and the lan-guage of this bill and, more generally, for her leadership, formerly on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee and certainly for the time that I have been on the Intel-ligence Committee. Her contributions have not gone unnoticed, and she has been a pleasure to work with in trying to find reasonable places where we can make a material difference in the kinds of mass shootings we have seen. I should start by speaking a little bit to the recent tragedy in Florida. As the father of two young boys, I can’t begin to imagine the nightmare that families are living through as they mourn the loss of their children in the wake of yet another horrific mass shooting. Frankly, no parent should have to live in fear of their child not coming home from school. It is pretty unthink-able. Just last week, one of my own sons went through an active shooter train-ing at his school. Sadly, that is now the new norm in schools all across our country. In fact, 91 Americans are killed each day by gun violence, and we simply cannot accept the status quo as the new normal when there are real 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.024 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1249 February 27, 2018 
and concrete steps we can take to re-duce gun violence while respecting con-stitutional rights. Once again, Americans are looking to Congress to finally enact commonsense reforms to our gun laws, to protect our schools, to protect our children, to pro-tect our communities. Like so many Americans, I have been deeply moved by the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School students and young people all across this country who have spo-ken out after losing classmates and friends to demand that we as law-makers take action to prevent future tragedies. It is no secret to my constituents or even my colleagues here that I am a passionate outdoorsman, hunter, and owner of firearms. I strongly believe that law-abiding Americans have a right to own guns for sport and self-de-fense. I am teaching my own sons how to safely and responsibly use those fire-arms. The vast majority of Americans, including gun owners like me, know that Congress must take action to close loopholes and reform our laws to keep those deadly weapons out of the hands of those who would turn them against our communities. Today I am quite proud to join my colleagues from both sides of the aisle—Senators C
OLLINS , H EITKAMP , F
LAKE , and others—to introduce one of those measures that should have broad bipartisan support. This is a poster child for the kind of policy that ought to get across the finish line even in these deeply divided, partisan times. Our bipartisan legislation, the Ter-rorist Firearms Prevention Act, would deny firearms sales to individuals who appear on the Department of Justice’s no-fly or selectee lists. These are the narrowest of databases, the kinds of lists one would have to work pretty hard to land on, and for good reason. Our legislation includes due process procedures for individuals to appeal their placement on those lists. It seems pretty straightforward to most of my constituents that if the government and law enforcement have determined that an individual is so dangerous as to land on the terrorist watch list and is too dangerous to fly on a commercial airplane, that person should not be able to walk into a gun shop and purchase a gun. But unless we pass this legislation, this glaring loop-hole will continue to allow individuals identified as terror suspects to buy firearms. It is time for those Members of Con-gress who oppose commonsense reforms like this to finally step up and tell us what they are doing to protect the pub-lic. It is time for all of us to listen to the student leaders across this country who are rejecting the unacceptable sta-tus quo of our Nation’s gun violence epidemic. Those of us in the Senate who know firearms well have a special duty to lead these efforts and to get the details right on any legislation to reshape our Nation’s gun laws. Inaction simply won’t cut it anymore. We all need to listen to these students, parents, teachers, and to our own children who are calling on us to be part of the solu-tion. New Mexicans can count on me, de-spite the odds, to continue fighting for real solutions to keep our children safe, to reduce gun violence, and to keep our communities safe. That is what our communities and our con-stituents deserve. Thank you. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ): S. 2462. A bill to place restrictions on searches and seizures of electronic de-vices at the border; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President. No Amer-ican should have to relinquish all of their privacy rights in their cell phones, laptops, and other electronic devices, simply because they are com-ing home from a trip abroad. Yet that is exactly how our Government views it: currently, if a Vermonter crosses the border into Canada for a day, U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) can search through the Vermonter’s emails, text messages, photos, and any-thing else contained in their electronic devices without any reason to suspect the person is in violation of anything. Let me repeat that: without any sus-picion at all. That is unacceptable. That is why I am joining with Sen-ator D
AINES to introduce legislation to require the Government to have rea-sonable suspicion or probable cause to search or seize Americans’ electronic devices at the border. This legislation is a vital step toward protecting our Fourth Amendment rights, while also ensuring that officers protecting our homeland have the lawful authorities they need to do their jobs. Last year, CBP searched the elec-tronic devices of over 30,000 travelers, and this number continues to grow. These searches can take place at any international airport, or at any land border point such as U.S.-Canada bor-der crossings in my home state of Vermont or Senator D
AINES ’s home state of Montana. Nothing in this legislation will pre-vent CBP officers from doing their jobs to protect the homeland, detect contra-band, and enforce the law. Our legisla-tion simply says that if an officer of the Government wants to search an American’s electronic device at the border, at a minimum they should have reasonable suspicion. If they want to seize the device, they should have prob-able cause. And if they want to conduct a forensic examination of the device, they should get a warrant from a judge. Our legislation also requires the De-partment of Homeland Security to col-lect statistics on such searches and sei-zures and report them to Congress. This will significantly increase trans-parency on the Government’s use of these invasive tools, providing Con-gress and the American people an op-portunity to assess the balance be-tween the needs of law enforcement and the imperative of protecting pri-vacy and civil liberties. I urge other Senators to join us in support of this legislation. It should not be controversial to be concerned at the Government’s ability to search our electronic devices at the border with-out any suspicion at all. All of us—Re-publican and Democrat—can support the goal of protecting our borders while also protecting the Fourth Amendment. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 2464. A bill to improve border secu-rity and to provide conditional provi-sion residence to certain long-term residents who entered the United States as children; read the first time. 
S. 2464 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Three-Year Border and DACA Exten-sion Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—BORDER SECURITY Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 102. Operations and support. TITLE II—DACA EXTENSION Sec. 201. Provisional protected presence for young individuals. TITLE I—BORDER SECURITY 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated a total of $7,639,000,000 to the Department of Homeland Security for fiscal years 2018 through 2020 for the purpose of improving border security. 
SEC. 102. OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT. 
(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this sec-tion to establish a Border Security Enforce-ment Fund (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’), to be administered through the De-partment of Homeland Security and, in fiscal year 2018 only, through the Department of State, to provide for costs necessary to im-plement this Act and other Acts related to border security for activities, including— (1) constructing, installing, deploying, op-erating, and maintaining tactical infrastruc-ture and technology in the vicinity of the United States border— (A) to achieve situational awareness and operational control of the border; and (B) to deter, impede, and detect illegal ac-tivity in high traffic areas; and (C) to implement other border security provisions under this section; (2) implementing port of entry provisions under this section; (3) purchasing new aircraft, vessels, spare parts, and equipment to operate and main-tain such craft; and (4) hiring and recruitment. (b) F
UNDING .—There are appropriated, to the Fund, out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, a total of $7,639,000,000, as follows: (1) For fiscal year 2018, $2,947,000,000, to re-main available through fiscal year 2022. (2) For fiscal year 2019, $2,225,000,000, to re-main available through fiscal year 2023. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.023 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1250 February 27, 2018 
(3) For fiscal year 2020, $2,467,000,000, to re-main available through fiscal year 2024. (c) P
HYSICAL BARRIERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In each of the following fiscal years, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall transfer, from the Fund to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Pro-curement, Construction and Improvements account, for the purpose of constructing, re-placing, or planning physical barriers along the United States land border, a total of $5,013,000,000, as follows: (A) For fiscal year 2018, $1,571,000,000. (B) For fiscal year 2019, $1,600,000,000. (C) For fiscal year 2020, $1,842,000,000. (2) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwith- standing section 1552(a) of title 31, United States Code, any amounts obligated for the purposes described in paragraph (1) shall re-main available for disbursement until ex-pended. (d) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Other than the amounts transferred by the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State pursuant to subsections (b) and (c), the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives may provide for the transfer of amounts in the Fund for each fiscal year to eligible activities under this section, including— (1) for the purpose of constructing, replac-ing, or planning for physical barriers along the United States land border; or (2) for any of the activities described in subsection (a). (e) U
SE OF FUND.—If the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives do not provide for the trans-fer of funds in a full-year appropriation in any fiscal year in accordance with sub-section (d), the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall transfer amounts in the Fund to accounts within the Department of Home-land Security for eligible activities under this section, including not less than the amounts specified in subsection (c) for the purpose of constructing, replacing, or plan-ning for physical barriers along the United States land border. (f) B
UDGET REQUEST .—A request for the transfer of amounts in the Fund under this section— (1) shall be included in each budget for a fiscal year submitted by the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code; and (2) shall detail planned obligations by pro-gram, project, and activity in the receiving account at the same level of detail provided for in the request for other appropriations in that account. (g) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—At the be-ginning of fiscal year 2019, and annually thereafter until the funding made available under this title has been expended, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit a report to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives that describes— (1) the status of border security in the United States; and (2) the amount planned to be expended on border security during the upcoming fiscal year, broken down by project and activity. TITLE II—DACA EXTENSION 
SEC. 201. PROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRESENCE FOR YOUNG INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 4 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 244A. PROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRES-ENCE. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) DACA 
RECIPIENT .—- The term ‘DACA recipient’ means an alien who is in deferred action status on the date of the enactment of this section pursuant to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (‘DACA’) Program an-nounced on June 15, 2012. ‘‘(2) F
ELONY .—The term ‘felony’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (ex-cluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigra-tion status) punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding 1 year. ‘‘(3) M
ISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘mis-demeanor’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (excluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigration status, a significant misdemeanor, and a minor traffic offense) for which— ‘‘(A) the maximum term of imprisonment is greater than five days and not greater than 1 year; and ‘‘(B) the individual was sentenced to time in custody of 90 days or less. ‘‘(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(5) S
IGNIFICANT MISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘significant misdemeanor’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (excluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigration status) for which the maximum term of imprison-ment is greater than 5 days and not greater than 1 year that— ‘‘(A) regardless of the sentence imposed, is a crime of domestic violence (as defined in section 237(a)(2)(E)(i)) or an offense of sexual abuse or exploitation, burglary, unlawful possession or use of a firearm, drug distribu-tion or trafficking, or driving under the in-fluence if the State law requires, as an ele-ment of the offense, the operation of a motor vehicle and a finding of impairment or a blood alcohol content of .08 or higher; or ‘‘(B) resulted in a sentence of time in cus-tody of more than 90 days, excluding an of-fense for which the sentence was suspended. ‘‘(6) T
HREAT TO NATIONAL SECURITY .—An alien is a ‘threat to national security’ if the alien is— ‘‘(A) inadmissible under section 212(a)(3); or ‘‘(B) deportable under section 237(a)(4). ‘‘(7) T
HREAT TO PUBLIC SAFETY .—An alien is a ‘threat to public safety’ if the alien— ‘‘(A) has been convicted of an offense for which an element was participation in a criminal street gang (as defined in section 521(a) of title 18, United States Code); or ‘‘(B) has engaged in a continuing criminal enterprise (as defined in section 408(c) of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 848(c))). ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall grant provisional protected pres-ence to an alien who— ‘‘(A) files an application demonstrating that he or she meets the eligibility criteria under subsection (c); and ‘‘(B) pays the appropriate application fee; ‘‘(2) may not remove such alien from the United States during the period in which such provisional protected presence is in ef-fect unless such status is rescinded pursuant to subsection (g); and ‘‘(3) shall provide such alien with employ-ment authorization. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—An alien is eli-gible for provisional protected presence and employment authorization under this sec-tion if the alien— ‘‘(1) was born after June 15, 1981; ‘‘(2) entered the United States before reaching 16 years of age; ‘‘(3) continuously resided in the United States between June 15, 2007, and the date on which the alien files an application under this section; ‘‘(4) was physically present in the United States on June 15, 2012, and on the date on which the alien files an application under this section; ‘‘(5) was unlawfully present in the United States on June 15, 2012; ‘‘(6) on the date on which the alien files an application for provisional protected pres-ence— ‘‘(A) is enrolled in school or in an edu-cation program assisting students in obtain-ing a regular high school diploma or its rec-ognized equivalent under State law, or in passing a general educational development exam or other State-authorized exam; ‘‘(B) has graduated or obtained a certifi-cate of completion from high school; ‘‘(C) has obtained a general educational de-velopment certificate; or ‘‘(D) is an honorably discharged veteran of the Coast Guard or Armed Forces of the United States; ‘‘(7) has not been convicted of— ‘‘(A) a felony; ‘‘(B) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(C) 3 or more misdemeanors not occurring on the same date and not arising out of the same act, omission, or scheme of mis-conduct; and ‘‘(8) does not otherwise pose a threat to na-tional security or a threat to public safety. ‘‘(d) DURATION OF PROVISIONAL PROTECTED  P
RESENCE AND EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZA -
TION.—Provisional protected presence and employment authorization provided under this section shall be effective until the date that is 3 years after the date of the enact-ment of the Three-Year Border and DACA Extension Act. ‘‘(e) S
TATUS DURING PERIOD OF PROVISIONAL  P
ROTECTED PRESENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien granted provi-sional protected presence is not considered to be unlawfully present in the United States during the period beginning on the date such status is granted and ending on the date de-scribed in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) S
TATUS OUTSIDE PERIOD .—The granting of provisional protected presence under this section does not excuse previous or subse-quent periods of unlawful presence. ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) A
GE REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien who has never been in removal proceedings, or whose pro-ceedings have been terminated before mak-ing a request for provisional protected pres-ence, shall be at least 15 years old on the date on which the alien submits an applica-tion under this section. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The age requirement set forth in subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an alien who, on the date on which the alien applies for provisional protected presence, is in removal proceedings, has a final removal order, or has a voluntary departure order. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION FEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire aliens applying for provisional pro-tected presence and employment authoriza-tion under this section to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. ‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under subparagraph (A) if the alien— ‘‘(i)(I) is younger than 18 years of age; ‘‘(II) received total income during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section that is less than 150 per-cent of the United States poverty level; and ‘‘(III) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.028 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1251 February 27, 2018 
‘‘(ii) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; ‘‘(iii)(I) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and ‘‘(II) received total income during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section that is less than 150 per-cent of the United States poverty level; or ‘‘(iv)(I) as of the date on which the alien files an application under this section, has accumulated $10,000 or more in debt in the past 12 months as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and ‘‘(II) received total income during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section that is less than 150 per-cent of the United States poverty level. ‘‘(3) R
EMOVAL STAYED WHILE APPLICATION  
PENDING .—The Secretary may not remove an alien from the United States who appears prima facie eligible for provisional protected presence while the alien’s application for provisional protected presence is pending. ‘‘(4) A
LIENS NOT IN IMMIGRATION DETEN -
TION.—An alien who is not in immigration detention, but who is in removal pro-ceedings, is the subject of a final removal order, or is the subject of a voluntary depar-ture order, may apply for provisional pro-tected presence under this section if the alien appears prima facie eligible for provi-sional protected presence. ‘‘(5) A
LIENS IN IMMIGRATION DETENTION .— The Secretary shall provide any alien in im-migration detention, including any alien who is in removal proceedings, is the subject of a final removal order, or is the subject of a voluntary departure order, who appears prima facie eligible for provisional protected presence, upon request, with a reasonable op-portunity to apply for provisional protected presence under this section. ‘‘(6) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-tect information provided in applications for provisional protected presence under this section and in requests for consideration of DACA from disclosure to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the purpose of im-migration enforcement proceedings. ‘‘(B) R
EFERRALS PROHIBITED .—The Sec-retary may not refer individuals whose cases have been deferred pursuant to DACA or who have been granted provisional protected presence under this section to U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement. ‘‘(C) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—The information submitted in applications for provisional protected presence under this section and in requests for consideration of DACA may be shared with national security and law en-forcement agencies— ‘‘(i) for assistance in the consideration of the application for provisional protected presence; ‘‘(ii) to identify or prevent fraudulent claims; ‘‘(iii) for national security purposes; and ‘‘(iv) for the investigation or prosecution of any felony not related to immigration sta-tus. ‘‘(7) A
CCEPTANCE OF APPLICATIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of the Three-Year Border and DACA Extension Act, the Secretary shall begin ac-cepting applications for provisional pro-tected presence and employment authoriza-tion. ‘‘(g) R
ESCISSION OF PROVISIONAL PROTECTED  P
RESENCE .—The Secretary may not rescind an alien’s provisional protected presence or employment authorization granted under this section unless the Secretary determines that the alien— ‘‘(1) has been convicted of— ‘‘(A) a felony; ‘‘(B) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(C) 3 or more misdemeanors not occurring on the same date and not arising out of the same act, omission, or scheme of mis-conduct; ‘‘(2) poses a threat to national security or a threat to public safety; ‘‘(3) has traveled outside of the United States without authorization from the Sec-retary; or ‘‘(4) has ceased to continuously reside in the United States. ‘‘(h) TREATMENT OF BRIEF, CASUAL , ANDIN-
NOCENT DEPARTURES AND CERTAIN OTHER AB-
SENCES .—For purposes of subsections (c)(3) and (g)(4), an alien shall not be considered to have failed to continuously reside in the United States due to— ‘‘(1) brief, casual, and innocent absences from the United States during the period be-ginning on June 15, 2007, and ending on Au-gust 14, 2012; or ‘‘(2) travel outside of the United States on or after August 15, 2012, if such travel was authorized by the Secretary. ‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF EXPUNGED CONVIC -
TIONS .—For purposes of subsections (c)(7) and (g)(1), an expunged conviction shall not auto-matically be treated as a disqualifying fel-ony, significant misdemeanor, or mis-demeanor, but shall be evaluated on a case- by-case basis according to the nature and se-verity of the offense to determine whether, under the particular circumstances, the alien should be eligible for provisional pro-tected presence under this section. ‘‘(j) E
FFECT OF DEFERRED ACTION UNDER  D
EFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) P
ROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRESENCE .—A DACA recipient is deemed to have provi-sional protected presence under this section through the expiration date of the alien’s de-ferred action status, as specified by the Sec-retary in conjunction with the approval of the alien’s DACA application. ‘‘(2) E
MPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION .—If a DACA recipient has been granted employ-ment authorization by the Secretary in addi-tion to deferred action, the employment au-thorization shall continue through the expi-ration date of the alien’s deferred action sta-tus, as specified by the Secretary in conjunc-tion with the approval of the alien’s DACA application. ‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF APPLICATION .—If a DACA re-cipient files an application for provisional protected presence under this section not later than the expiration date of the alien’s deferred action status, as specified by the Secretary in conjunction with the approval of the alien’s DACA application, the alien’s provisional protected presence, and any em-ployment authorization, shall remain in ef-fect pending the adjudication of such appli-cation.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 244 the following: ‘‘Sec. 244A. Provisional protected pres-ence.’’. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 414—CON-DEMNING THE CONTINUED UN-DEMOCRATIC MEASURES BY THE GOVERNMENT OF VENEZUELA TO UNDERMINE THE INDEPEND-ENCE OF DEMOCRATIC INSTITU-TIONS AND CALLING FOR A FREE AND FAIR ELECTORAL PROCESS Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. C OONS , Mr. R EED, Mr. K AINE, and Mr. S
ANDERS ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 414 Whereas Venezuelan President Nicola ´s Maduro continues to take measures to con-solidate an authoritarian government and undermine the independence of democratic institutions in the country; Whereas the Government of Peru, as host of the upcoming Summit of the Americas, has indicated that President Nicola ´s Maduro is not welcome to attend because of his fail-ure to uphold the region’s shared commit-ment to strengthening democracy and im-proving citizens’ well-being; Whereas Venezuela’s National Electoral Council (CNE) unilaterally called for a presi-dential election on April 22, 2018, despite the absence of an agreement between the Gov-ernment of Venezuela and the political oppo-sition on the conditions necessary for the electoral process; Whereas, on February 13, 2018, the Min-isters of Foreign Affairs of Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Guate-mala, Guyana, Honduras, Mexico, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, and Saint Lucia, rejected the decision of the Government of Venezuela to hold elections on April 22; Whereas these 14 Foreign Ministers stated that elections would not be considered legiti-mate if the elections do not— (1) permit the participation of all Ven-ezuelan citizens and political parties; (2) include observation by credible inter-national organizations; and (3) meet recognized international stand-ards; Whereas despite these denunciations, on February 21, 2018, President Maduro stated that he wanted to hold elections for the Na-tional Assembly, state legislative councils, and municipal councils in conjunction with the presidential election scheduled for April 22; Whereas, in January 2018, Venezuelan au-thorities banned the Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD), the principal coalition of opposition parties, and leading opposition political parties Voluntad Popular and Primero Justicia, from participating in the presidential election; Whereas Venezuela’s December 2017 munic-ipal elections and October 2017 gubernatorial elections failed to meet recognized inter-national standards; Whereas, in July 2017, Venezuela held fraudulent elections to install a National Constituent Assembly, a parallel legislature that undemocratically usurped the constitu-tional authorities vested in the country’s democratically-elected National Assembly; Whereas Smartmatic, the company that manufactured the electronic voting tech-nology, confirmed that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.028 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1252 February 27, 2018 
(1) the result of the July 2017 National Con-stituent Assembly election was manipulated; and (2) a change of more than 1,000,000 votes oc-curred in the final tabulation; Whereas a global coalition of more than 40 countries have rejected the installation of Venezuela’s National Constituent Assembly and refused to recognize it as a legitimate institution; Whereas the collapse of democratic govern-ance and the proliferation of political cor-ruption, criminal violence, failed economic policies, and hyperinflation have created a devastating humanitarian crisis in Ven-ezuela; Whereas the majority of Venezuela’s citi-zens lack access to essential medicines and basic food supplies; Whereas the precarious humanitarian con-ditions in Venezuela have prompted hun-dreds of thousands of Venezuelan citizens to emigrate, which is fueling a migration and refugee crisis in neighboring countries; Whereas, the Chief Prosecutor of the Inter-national Criminal Court has stated that the Office of the Prosecutor will open a prelimi-nary examination of the Venezuelan Govern-ment’s use of torture and excessive force against demonstrators and the arbitrary de-tention of thousands of anti-government pro-testers; Whereas, despite the presence of inter-national mediators, the Government of Ven-ezuela failed to credibly participate in nego-tiations with the country’s political opposi-tion in order to reach an agreement that would— (1) restore democracy; (2) free political prisoners; (3) facilitate the delivery of humanitarian aid; and (4) establish conditions for legitimate democratic elections: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) calls on the Government of Venezuela to postpone the presidential election and any concurrent National Assembly, state legisla-tive council, or municipal council elections scheduled for April 22, 2018, until— (A) international and local election observ-ers from credible organizations are allowed to observe the electoral process, including the pre-election period, and determine a le-gitimate process; (B) the National Electoral Council is led and staffed by nonpartisan members that have the confidence of contesting parties; (C) opposition parties and candidates are free to peacefully compete in the election without threat of arrest, harassment, or ret-ribution, including access to government controlled media; (D) arrangements are made for all Ven-ezuelan voters, including those residing out-side of Venezuela, to be able to participate in the election; and (E) there is no implied or direct link be-tween an individual’s vote and the govern-ment food rations to which the individual is eligible and no record is retained of a voter’s choice for any reason related to government benefits, including retaliation; (2) denounces as illegitimate any presi-dential election in Venezuela that fails to meet the standards described in paragraph (1); (3) condemns the steps taken by President Maduro— (A) to consolidate an authoritarian govern-ment in Venezuela; and (B) to undermine the independence of democratic institutions such as the National Assembly of Venezuela, the Supreme Tri-bunal of Justice of Venezuela, and the Na-tional Electoral Council of Venezuela; (4) rejects the Venezuelan Government’s ef-forts to blame the country’s economic, hu-manitarian, and political crisis on other ac-tors instead of recognizing that the crisis was caused by its own malfeasance and crim-inality; (5) urges the Government of Venezuela— (A) to permit the unobstructed delivery of humanitarian assistance to the people of Venezuela; and (B) to stop using food as a tool of political coercion; (6) condemns the Government of Venezuela for failing to credibly participate in inter-nationally mediated negotiations— (A) to restore democracy; (B) to free political prisoners; and (C) to permit the delivery of humanitarian assistance; (7) supports the decision of the Govern-ment of Peru, as host of the Eighth Summit of the Americas, to not invite President Maduro; and (8) supports the efforts of the Office of the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court to examine the Venezuelan Govern-ment’s use of torture, excessive force, and arbitrary detentions against Venezuelan citi-zens. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 415—DESIG-NATING MARCH 2, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL SPEECH AND DEBATE EDUCATION DAY’’ Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 415 Whereas it is essential for youth to learn and practice the art of communicating with and without technology; Whereas speech and debate education of-fers students myriad forms of public speak-ing through which students may develop tal-ent and exercise unique voice and character; Whereas speech and debate education gives students the 21st-century skills of commu-nication, critical thinking, creativity, and collaboration; Whereas critical analysis and effective communication allow important ideas, texts, and philosophies the opportunity to flourish; Whereas personal, professional, and civic interactions are enhanced by the ability of the participants in those interactions to lis-ten, concur, question, and dissent with rea-son and compassion; Whereas students who participate in speech and debate have chosen a challenging activity that requires regular practice, dedi-cation, and hard work; Whereas teachers and coaches of speech and debate devote in-school, afterschool, and weekend hours to equip students with life- changing skills and opportunities; Whereas National Speech and Debate Edu-cation Day emphasizes the lifelong impact of providing people of the United States with the confidence and preparation to both dis-cern and share views; Whereas National Speech and Debate Edu-cation Day acknowledges that most achieve-ments, celebrations, commemorations, and pivotal moments in modern history begin, end, or are crystallized with public address; Whereas National Speech and Debate Edu-cation Day recognizes that learning to re-search, construct, and present an argument is integral to personal advocacy, social movements, and the making of public policy; Whereas the National Speech & Debate As-sociation, in conjunction with national and local partners, honors and celebrates the im-portance of speech and debate through Na-tional Speech and Debate Education Day; and Whereas National Speech and Debate Edu-cation Day emphasizes the importance of speech and debate education and the integra-tion of speech and debate education across grade levels and disciplines: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates March 2, 2018, as ‘‘National Speech and Debate Education Day’’; (2) strongly affirms the purposes of Na-tional Speech and Debate Education Day; and (3) encourages educational institutions, businesses, community and civic associa-tions, and all people of the United States to celebrate and promote National Speech and Debate Education Day. f SENATE RESOLUTION 416—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF CAREER AND TECH-NICAL EDUCATION MONTH Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 416 Whereas a competitive global economy re-quires workers who are prepared for skilled professions; Whereas, according to Deloitte and the Manufacturing Institute, 84 percent of execu-tives agree that there is a talent shortage in manufacturing in the United States, includ-ing talent for front-line worker jobs such as machinists, operators, craft workers, dis-tributors, and technicians; Whereas career and technical education (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘CTE’’) en-sures that competitive and skilled workers are ready, willing, and capable of holding jobs in high-wage, high-skill, and in-demand career fields such as science, technology, en-gineering, mathematics, nursing, allied health, construction, information tech-nology, energy sustainability, and many other career fields that are vital in keeping the United States competitive in the global economy; Whereas CTE helps the United States meet the very real and immediate challenges of economic development, student achieve-ment, and global competitiveness; Whereas the United States has 30,000,000 jobs with an average income of $55,000 per year that do not require a bachelor’s degree yet increasingly require some level of post-secondary education; Whereas nearly 12,000,000 students are en-rolled in CTE across the country with CTE programs in thousands of CTE centers, com-prehensive high schools, career academies, and CTE high schools, and nearly 1,600 2-year colleges; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.029 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1253 February 27, 2018 
Whereas CTE matches employability skills with workforce demand and provides rel-evant academic and technical coursework leading to industry-recognized credentials for secondary, postsecondary, and adult learners; Whereas CTE affords students the oppor-tunity to gain the knowledge, skills, and cre-dentials needed to secure careers in growing, high-demand fields; Whereas secondary CTE is associated with a lower probability of dropping out of high school and a higher likelihood of graduating on-time; Whereas CTE students were significantly more likely than non-CTE students to report having developed problem-solving, project completion, research, math, college applica-tion, work-related, communication, time management, and critical thinking skills during high school; Whereas, according to an American Fed-eration of Teachers poll, 94 percent of par-ents approve of expanding access to CTE and other programs that prepare students for jobs; Whereas students at schools with highly integrated rigorous academic and CTE pro-grams have significantly higher achievement in reading, mathematics, and science than students at schools with less integrated pro-grams; and Whereas February 23, 2018, marks the 101st anniversary of the signing of the Act of Feb-ruary 23, 1917 (commonly known as the ‘‘Smith-Hughes Vocational Education Act of 1917’’) (39 Stat. 929, chapter 114), which was the first major Federal investment in sec-ondary CTE and laid the foundation for the bipartisan, bicameral support for CTE that continues as of February 2018: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates February 2018 as ‘‘Career and Technical Education Month’’ to celebrate ca-reer and technical education across the United States; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Career and Technical Education month; (3) recognizes the importance of career and technical education in preparing a well-edu-cated and skilled workforce in the United States; and (4) encourages educators, guidance and ca-reer development professionals, administra-tors, and parents to promote career and technical education as a respected option for students. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 34—RECOGNIZING THE RICH HISTORY, HERITAGE, AND STRA-TEGIC IMPORTANCE OF THE RE-PUBLIC OF THE MARSHALL IS-LANDS AND THE MARSHALLESE POPULATION RESIDING IN THE UNITED STATES Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources: 
S. C ON. RES. 34 Whereas the Republic of the Marshall Is-lands— (1) is a sovereign country in free associa-tion with the United States under the Com-pact of Free Association between the Gov-ernment of the United States and the Gov-ernment of the Republic of the Marshall Is-lands (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Compact’’), approved in the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–188; 117 Stat. 2720), which— (A) is set to expire in 2023; and (B) authorizes economic assistance, through Federal grants and programs, to persons in the Republic of the Marshall Is-lands; and (2) has full authority and responsibility over security and defense matters relating to the Republic of the Marshall Islands; Whereas, under the Compact, eligible citi-zens of the Republic of the Marshall Islands may reside, work, and study in the United States without a visa and may serve in the Armed Forces of the United States; Whereas an estimated 1⁄3of the population of the Republic of the Marshall Islands has relocated to the United States; and Whereas Marshallese individuals who live in the United States— (1) offer positive economic and cultural benefits to the communities in which those individuals live; (2) pay Federal and State taxes but are not eligible for benefits under— (A) the Medicare program established under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); or (B) the Medicaid program established under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); and (3) were undercounted in the 2010 census and, as a result, areas where those individ-uals live are underserved by the Federal Gov-ernment: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) commends— (A) the rich history and heritage of the Re-public of the Marshall Islands; and (B) citizens of the Republic of the Marshall Islands who live in the United States for the contributions of those individuals to— (i) the communities in which those individ-uals live; and (ii) the national defense of the United States through their service in the Armed Forces of the United States; (2) recognizes— (A) the strategic importance of the Repub-lic of the Marshall Islands; and (B) the importance of the upcoming re-negotiation of the Compact of Free Associa-tion between the Government of the United States and the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands; and (3) encourages a continued commitment to improve census data to better serve citizens of the Republic of the Marshall Islands who live in the United States. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 35—AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CEREMONY TO PRESENT THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL COLLECTIVELY TO THE MEM-BERS OF THE OFFICE OF STRA-TEGIC SERVICES Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. B
LUNT ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 35 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR CEREMONY TO PRESENT THE CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE OFFICE OF STRATEGIC SERVICES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on March 21, 2018, for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collec-tively to the members of the Office of Stra-tegic Services (OSS), in recognition of their superior service and major contributions during World War II. (b) PREPARATIONS .—Physical preparations for the conduct of the ceremony described in subsection (a) shall be carried out in accord-ance with such conditions as may be pre-scribed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, our Na-tion’s ongoing success and economic mobility depends on the skills and edu-cation of the American workforce and its preparedness to meet and adjust to the demands of today’s economy. Ca-reer and technical education (CTE) programs are an essential component to each student’s education, giving stu-dents the opportunity to gain knowl-edge, skills, and credentials needed to secure careers in growing, high-demand fields. Today, approximately 12 million students are enrolled in CTE across the country with CTE programs in thou-sands of CTE centers, comprehensive high schools, career academies, CTE high schools, and community colleges. Through applied learning, these stu-dents obtain technical and employ-ability skills that parallel workforce demand. According to the American Federa-tion of Teachers, 94 percent of parents approve of expanding access to CTE and other programs that prepare stu-dents for jobs. CTE ensures that com-petitive and skilled workers are ready, willing, and capable of holding jobs in high-wage, high-skill, and in-demand career fields. Throughout Virginia, I’ve heard manufacturers express dis-content with shortage of qualified skilled production employees—roles that require the instruction and train-ing offered in CTE classrooms. It is vital that we heighten awareness of CTE’s role in helping the United States to meet the very real and immediate challenges of economic development, student achievement, and global com-petitiveness. This is why today, with my Senate CTE Caucus co-chairs Senator P
ORTMAN , SENATOR BALDWIN , and Sen-ator Y
OUNG and 41 colleagues in the Senate, I am proud to introduce a bi-partisan resolution to designate Feb-ruary as Career and Technical Edu-cation (CTE) month. CTE Month offers an opportunity for students, parents, counselors, educators and school lead-ers to become more informed about the educational opportunities attainable in their communities, and acknowledge the importance of CTE in cultivating a skilled and well-educated workforce in our nation. Through formal recognition of CTE Month through this resolution, it is our hope that we can foster greater support for the importance of improv-ing access to high-quality CTE for mil-lions of America’s students and our country’s continued economic competi-tiveness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.031 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1254 February 27, 2018 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I have 5 requests for committees to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, February, 27, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR AND  
PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, February, 27, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Opioid Crisis: The Role of Technology and Data in Preventing and Treating Addiction.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, Feb-ruary, 27, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nomina-tions: Kevin Edward Moley, of Arizona, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (International Organization Affairs), Josephine Olsen, of Maryland, to be Di-rector of the Peace Corps, Erik Bethel, of Florida, to be United States Alter-nate Executive Director of the Inter-national Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and Sean Cairncross, of Minnesota, to be Chief Executive Offi-cer, Millennium Challenge Corpora-tion. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, Feb-ruary, 27, 2018, at 2 p.m., to conduct a joint hearing with the House Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, February, 27, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a closed hearing. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand appointments were made during the adjournment of the Senate. I ask they be stated for the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the majority and minority leaders of the Senate, pursu-ant to section 30442 of Public Law 115– 123, appoints the following as Members of the Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Re-form: the Honorable R
OYD. B LUNT of Missouri, the Honorable D
AVID A. P
ERDUE , JR. of Georgia, the Honorable J
AMES P. L ANKFORD of Oklahoma, the Honorable JONI ERNST of Iowa, the Honorable S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE of Rhode Island, the Honorable M
ICHAEL  B
ENNET of Colorado, the Honorable B
RIAN SCHATZ of Hawaii, and the Hon-orable M
AIZE K. H IRONO of Hawaii. The Chair, on behalf of the majority and minority leaders of the Senate, pursuant to section 30422 of Public Law 115–123, appoints the following as Mem-bers of the Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: the Honorable O
RRIN G. H ATCH  of Utah (Co-Chair), the Honorable L
AMAR ALEXANDER of Tennessee, the Honorable R
OBJ. P ORTMAN of Ohio, the Honorable M
IKED. C RAPO of Idaho, the Honorable S
HERROD BROWN of Ohio (Co- Chair), the Honorable J
OEMANCHIN III of West Virginia, the Honorable H
EIDI H
EITKAMP of North Dakota, and the Honorable T
INASMITH of Minnesota. 
f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the majority leader, pursuant to Public Law 106–567, the In-telligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001, appoints the following indi-vidual to serve as a member of the Pub-lic Interest Declassification Board: Alissa M. Starzak of the District of Co-lumbia. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 2464 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2464) to improve border security and to provide conditional provision resi-dence to certain long-term residents who en-tered the United States as children. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
NATIONAL SPEECH AND DEBATE EDUCATION DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 415, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 415) designating March 2, 2018, as ‘‘National Speech and De-bate Education Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 415) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF CAREER AND TECH-NICAL EDUCATION MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 416, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 416) supporting the goals and ideals of Career and Technical Education Month. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 416) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 35, submitted ear-lier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 35) authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collec-tively to the members of the Office of Stra-tegic Services. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.035 S27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1255 February 27, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 35) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, all postcloture time on the Vought nomination expire at 4:30 p.m. tomor-row, February 28, and the Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination with no intervening action or debate; finally, that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 12:45 p.m., Wednesday, February 28; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. I further ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Vought nomina-tion; finally, that all time during re-cess, adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count postcloture on the Vought nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 12:45 P.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:26 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, February 28, 2018, at 12:45 p.m. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
CHARLES P. VERDON, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE DEPUTY ADMINISTRATOR FOR DEFENSE PROGRAMS, NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION, VICE DONALD L. COOK, RESIGNED. THEODORE J. GARRISH, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (INTERNATIONAL AF-FAIRS), VICE JONATHAN ELKIND. 
UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL TRADE  
COMMISSION  
AMY KARPEL, OF WASHINGTON, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMIS-SION FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING JUNE 16, 2020, VICE F. SCOTT KIEFF, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JOHN CARY BITTICK, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF GEOR-GIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE WILLIE LEE RICHARDSON, JR., RETIRED. THOMAS T. CULLEN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF VIR-GINIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE JOHN P. FISHWICK, JR., RESIGNED. TIMOTHY A. GARRISON, OF MISSOURI, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE ANGELA TAMMY DICKINSON, RESIGNED. STEVEN L. GLADDEN, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE WILLIE RANSOME STAFFORD III, TERM EXPIRED. NICOLA T. HANNA, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE EI-LEEN M. DECKER, RESIGNED. DAVID C. JOSEPH, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE STEPH-ANIE A. FINELY, RESIGNED. DAVID L. LYONS, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE STEPHEN JAMES SMITH, TERM EXPIRED. RODNEY D. OSTERMILLER, OF MONTANA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF MON-TANA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE DARRELL JAMES BELL, RESIGNED. KENJI M. PRICE, OF HAWAII, TO BE UNITED STATES AT-TORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF HAWAII FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE FLORENCE T. NAKAKUNI, RE-TIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
PAUL R. LAWRENCE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY FOR BENEFITS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS, VICE ALLISON A. HICKEY, RESIGNED . 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. TIMOTHY M. RAY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DAVID D. THOMPSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be admiral 
VICE ADM. CHRISTOPHER W. GRADY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. CHARLES A. RICHARD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MICHAEL T. MORAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. TIMOTHY J. WHITE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DAVID A. WELCH 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate February 27, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
WILLIAM NORTHEY, OF IOWA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR FARM AND FOREIGN AG-RICULTURAL SERVICES. 
THE JUDICIARY  
ELIZABETH L. BRANCH, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on Feb-ruary 27, 2018 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomination: 
ROBERT M. WEAVER, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE YVETTE ROUBIDEAUX, TERM EXPIRED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON OCTOBER 24, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.035 S27FEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE225 February 27, 2018 
HONORING READ ACROSS AMER-ICA DAY AND IMAGINATION LI-BRARY 
HON. JOHN P. SARBANES 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, this week, teachers, students and families across the country will celebrate the importance of read-ing by taking part in the National Education Association’s Read Across America Day. Re-search shows that literacy begins before school even starts. Young children who have been read to at home and have had access to a variety of reading materials, develop into stronger readers. That’s why programs like Dolly Parton’s Imagination Library are so im-portant. Each month, Imagination Library mails over one million free books to children around the world, including seven thousand in Baltimore. Today, as Dolly donates her hundred millionth book to the Library of Congress, I thank her for her inspiring dedication to children’s lit-eracy and I applaud everyone participating in Read Across America Day. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DON AND BETTY JO MATHIS’ 72ND WEDDING ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Don and Betty Jo Mathis on the celebration of their 72nd Wedding Anniversary. This significant benchmark is a symbol of their commitment to each other and to their family. I am happy to join their friends and family in extending my best to them on this special occasion. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Don and Betty Jo on the celebration of their 72nd Wedding Anniver-sary. I wish them the best today and for many more blessed years to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I was absent from the House Chamber on Thursday, Feb-ruary 15, 2018, due to official business in my district. Had I been present, I would have voted NO on roll call no. 80, on the passage of H.R. 620—legislation that I strongly oppose. This bill would prevent Americans with disabil-ities from getting their day in court when their right to access is violated. In the twenty-eight years since the landmark Americans with Dis-abilities Act was passed, people with disabil-ities have made important gains in access and inclusion to public buildings, schools, work-places, and businesses. The ADA is a funda-mental part of American civil rights law; like many of our other civil rights statutes, it de-pends on voluntary compliance and private rights of action for its enforcement. Shifting the responsibility for compliance to persons with disabilities undermines the spirit of the law and the structure of civil rights statutes more broadly. H.R. 620 requires a victim of discrimination to provide specific notice of the ADA violation to a business, and then allow 120 days for the business to make ‘‘substantial progress’’ to-ward remedying the violation. The bill does not define substantial progress, further weakening the business’s incentive to comply, and loos-ening enforceability of the ADA, in turn allow-ing discrimination against persons with disabil-ities to continue. While some egregious por-tions of this bill were removed during floor consideration, including the requirement that a claimant name the specific section of the ADA violated before even notifying the business, its underlying purpose remains clear: making it harder for persons with disabilities to fight for their day in court. As members of Congress, it is our duty to promote the welfare and dignity of all of our constituents, particularly those who have spent so long on the outside looking in. We ought to defend and strengthen the ADA, reforming it where needed and building on its successes, rather than dismantling its efficacy and closing our legal system off from those who need it. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, Feb-ruary 26, 2018 I missed the following votes and was not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 81, and YEA on Roll Call No. 82. 
f 
LAMAR CONSOLIDATED HIGH SCHOOL’S AIR FORCE JUNIOR ROTC EARNS HIGHEST ASSESS-MENT SCORE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the instructors and cadets of Lamar Consolidated High School’s Air Force Junior ROTC for receiving the assessment score of ‘‘Exceeds Standards.’’ The JROTC program received the ‘‘Exceeds Standards’’ designation, the highest rating at-tainable by a JROTC program, based on a for-mal Unit Evaluation on December 4. Major Jeffrey M. Shelton and Senior Master Ser-geant Jeffrey T. Moffet have created a learn-ing environment where cadets take great pride in accomplishing their goals and making a positive impact on their community. They are outstanding leaders and role models for their cadets, Maeseille Calonia, Jesus Lopez, Christopher Coats, Manuel Arriaga, Carolina Garcia, Adrianna Rios, Matthew Alfaro, Azahel Vazquez, Julian Vinsonhaler and Isabel Arviso, who performed exceptionally well dur-ing their evaluation. Thanks to this JROTC program, they are paving the way to make outstanding military leaders. On behalf of the Twenty-Second District of Texas, congratulations again to Lamar Con-solidated High School’s Air Force JROTC for receiving this high assessment score. Keep up the fantastic work. f 
SPRINGFIELD CLINIC LEADS ILLINOIS IN OPENNOTES 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in order to recognize the Springfield Clinic, one of the first multi-spe-cialty clinics in downstate Illinois. With more than 400 physicians and advanced practi-tioners practicing in 80 medical specialties and sub-specialties, Springfield Clinic now proudly stands as one of Illinois’ largest private multi- specialty clinics and serves nearly one million patients throughout the central Illinois region. In 2010, as part of their ‘‘leading the way’’ initiative, all Springfield Clinic offices began working with the OpenNotes movement. This puts them among the nation’s leaders in inte-gration of electronic health record technology, which enables clinicians to share their visit notes with patients through fully transparent medical records. This secure system encour-ages patients to become active participants in their health care by providing a convenient way to access and manage personal medical records, communicate directly with medical professionals, schedule appointments and pre-scriptions, receive email and text reminders for preventive care and upcoming appointments, and pay bills online. This dynamic state-of-the-art system pro-vides Springfield Clinic the necessary tools to expand patient services. However, we cannot hope to automate and streamline provider workflow unless more patients sign up for and participate in these portals. I’m proud to rep-resent Springfield Clinic, which is on the fore-front of this innovative approach to the doctor- patient relationship. 19 million patients are al-ready taking advantage of their new ability to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.001 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE226 February 27, 2018 
access medical information online through OpenNotes, and my hope is that this number only continues to grow both in my district and across the country. More and more medical professionals and citizens should take advan-tage of this patient-centered program so we can focus on what matters most—patient care. 
f 
THE TRAVIS LETTER 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, February 1836: Texas was in the heat of the fight for our independence. A small volunteer band of 180 patriots stood defiant at the Alamo, fight-ing tooth and nail against Santa Anna’s mas-sive army. They were outnumbered, 10 to 1. Col. William Barrett Travis, a 27-year-old law-yer from South Carolina, led the Texians into battle, ready to defend the Alamo. Surrounded by the enemy, Col. Travis put pen to paper, composing his immortal letter, seeking aid for the defense of Texas. He wrote: 
BEJAR, FEBY. 24TH. 1836. Commandancy of The Alamo, T
O THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS & ALLAMERICANS  
IN THE WORLD — Fellow Citizens & compatriots—I am be-sieged, by a thousand or more of the Mexi-cans under Santa Anna—I have sustained a continual Bombardment & cannonade for 24 hours & have not lost a man—The enemy has demanded a surrender at discretion, other-wise, the garrison are to be put to the sword, if the fort is taken—I have answered the de-mand with a cannon shot, & our flag still waves proudly from the walls—I shall never surrender or retreat. Then, I call on you in the name of Liberty, of patriotism & every-thing dear to the American character, to come to our aid, with all dispatch. The enemy is receiving reinforcements daily and will no doubt increase to three or four thou-sand in four or five days. If this call is ne-glected, I am determined to sustain myself as long as possible & die like a soldier who never forgets what is due to his own honor & that of his country—Victory or Death. W
ILLIAM BARRETT TRAVIS , Lt. Col. Comdt, The Alamo 
Mr. Speaker, Col. Travis and his group of tenacious volunteer soldiers were killed at the Alamo, defending Texas’ freedom. No more than sixty days later, outnumbered, General Sam Houston and his ‘Texians’ triumphed over Santa Anna and his professional army in the marshy plains of San Jacinto, winning independence from Mexico. Still to this day, remarkable and inspirational statement for freedom and the spirit of liberty. Col. William Barrett Travis is one reason my oldest grand-son is named Barrett Houston. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
IN HONOR OF KELLY AND MERRY TRUJILLO’S 50TH WEDDING ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Kelly and Merry Trujillo on the celebration of their 50th Wed-ding Anniversary. This significant benchmark is a symbol of their commitment to each other and to their family. I am happy to join their friends and family in extending my best to them on this special occasion. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Kelly and Merry on the celebration of their 50th Wedding Anniversary. I wish them the best today and for many more blessed years to come. f 
CONGRATULATING THE PHILADELPHIA EAGLES 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the Philadelphia Eagles on their incredible victory in the 52nd Super Bowl. This hard-fought success could not be sweeter as it finally rings throughout the City of Brotherly Love after 52 years of hope and anticipation. As the representative of the First District of Pennsylvania, I could not be more proud to celebrate this win with my city. While I am happy that our team won, I am even more pleased at their amazing triumph in the face of adversity; fighting through a chal-lenging season full of injuries and difficulties, this team of underdogs never once gave up. This spirit of resilience and determination was exemplified by our quarterback Nick Foles, who carried the team to the championship after quarterback Carson Wentz injured his ACL. I am proud of the Philadelphia Eagles for serving up that indescribable ‘‘Philly Special,’’ in more ways than one, for all Americans to see. Today, I celebrate this team, the Philadel-phia Eagles organization, and most of all, the city of Philadelphia as we cherish this historic win. As Eagles Head Coach Doug Pederson said, ‘‘not only do we have the best fans in the world, we now have the best team in the world.’’ If this season of football has taught us anything, it has shown us never to underesti-mate the underdogs. Mr. Speaker, I believe there is just one more thing to say: Fly Eagles fly. 
f 
HONORING ROBERT LEE BEASLEY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Mr. Robert Lee Beasley. Mr. Robert Lee Beasley is a native of Greenwood, MS. He is the second child born to Hattie B. Lewis-Beasley and Willie B. McQueen. He is a 1977 graduate of Green-wood High School. While in High School, he participated in the Bulldog Marching Band and NJROTC drill team. His senior year he was voted ‘‘most likely to succeed’’. After grad-uating from High School he joined the United States Army and trained to be a Military Po-liceman. After completing Basic Training and AIT, he was shipped off to West Germany. He served most of his military tour in Karlsrhue, West Germany as a physical security Military Policeman. In April of 1979, Mr. Beasley’s mother be-came ill and he hopped a Concorde cargo jet from Frankfurt, Germany to John F. Kennedy airport in New York on emergency leave. In May of 1979, his mother passed away. His First Sargent granted him a hardship dis-charge under honorable conditions. After re-turning home, he became the youngest police-man in the city of Greenwood, Mississippi at age 20. The fall of that same year he enrolled in the undergraduate criminal Justice program at Jackson State University, Jackson, Mis-sissippi. While at Jackson State University, he became President of the American Criminal Justice Association. He represented the crimi-nal justice department at the 1984, Black Cau-cus Banquet in Jackson, Mississippi. He played trumpet as a member of Jackson State University ‘‘Sonic Boom of the South Marching Band’’. Robert was also a candidate for officer school through the JSU Army ROTC program. The 114th Military Police Unit in Clinton, MS would not allow him to participate in the Offi-cers slow, a part of the ROTC requirement. In May of 1986, he graduated from Jackson State University with a B.S. degree in Criminal Justice. That same year he became the Direc-tor of Security for JSU Marching Band. That next year in 1988, he was hired as a Campus Policeman for the University. In 1985, he was hired at Tougaloo College as Campus Secu-rity. The fall of 1986, he was hired as a Cor-rectional Officer for The State of Mississippi Department of Corrections, Rankin County Correctional Facility. Mr. Beasley remained there until June of 1988. The Fall of 1988, he enrolled in JSU graduate Criminal Justice pro-gram. Robert completed 30 hours of academic credits toward graduation. In the spring of 1993, he moved to Milwaukee, WI. Within two weeks he was hired as a Learnfare Case Manager. He was responsible for assisting families with determining barriers for children not attending school regularly or dropped out. He engaged with local school officials and principals to reintegrate the child back into a traditional classroom or find an Alternative School so the child may graduate with a High School Diploma. Robert worked as a Foster Care Case Manager for the Institute for Child and Family Development, Milwaukee, WI. He investigated allegations of abuse and/or ne-glect for minors. Testified in Court as to the suitability to return the child home or place him or her in a foster home. He developed a dispositional order to terminate parental rights. I worked as a Wraparound Coordinator for at risk kids for the Center for Child and Family Services, Milwaukee, WI. His last employment in Milwaukee was with the Wisconsin Welfare Reform Program as a Financial Employment Planner III. He assisted families and individ-uals to move from dependency on the govern-ment to self-sufficiency. In March of 2004, Robert returned to Mis-sissippi as a caretaker for two mentally ill brothers. The only Job he could get in Green-wood was in the meat department at the Greenwood Market Place. Four months into the job, he met Dr. Roy Hudson, Vice Presi-dent of University Relations at Mississippi Val-ley State University. Shortly after meeting Dr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.004 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE227 February 27, 2018 
Hudson in June 2005, he was hired as the Technical Assistant for Department of Admis-sions and Recruitment for the Valley. In 2006, while working full-time and attending graduate criminal justice program at Valley, he survived a heart attack and had to drop out of school and stop working for a while. February of 2008, he became a Career Specialist with Arbor Education and Training. Robert taught a job readiness program called C.E.O. to young adults under the age of 20. In 2010, he joined Thompson-Clemons Post 200 of the American Legion in Greenwood, Mississippi. He was ap-pointed as Public Relations and has served in that capacity since joining the organization. He is responsible for reflecting the Post to the public through media. My office and Mr. Beasley conduct a Veterans Town Hall meet-ing annually. The Directors of the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center and Re-gional Office are invited to attend this meeting, which allow Veterans to speak directly with those in charge of servicing that population. Presently, he is a candidate for a Masters of Social Work from Mississippi Valley State Uni-versity. He is married to Dorothy F. Smith- Beasley. Robert has three grown children and a step-daughter. He is a Veterans Resource Coordinator for AmeriCorps, Mississippi Vet-erans Support Network. Robert is passionate about outstanding customer service for those who served this great country honorably. He assists Veterans with filing compensation claims and gathering evidence to support their claims. Mississippi Veterans Support Network Program works in collaboration with AmeriCorps, Department of Veterans Affairs, and the Department of Rehabilitation. Our mis-sion is to connect veterans and/or family members of active duty military members to existing resources, dealing with military bene-fits, connections with the Veterans Administra-tion on line registration, financial training, sui-cide prevention, and PTSD available treat-ment. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Robert Beasley, a Veteran, Ed-ucator, Leader and Public Servant, for his dedication to serving others and giving back to the African American community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PATRICIA M. LOGUE, AN EXTRAORDINARY CIVIL RIGHTS LEADER 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and thank Judge Patricia M. Logue for her extraordinary leadership in establishing the civil rights of LGBTQ Ameri-cans and for her service to the state of Illinois. In 1993, Pat brought the fight for LGBTQ civil rights to the heartland when she opened the Midwest Regional Office of Lambda Legal in Chicago. Over the next fourteen years, Pat built the office into a formidable force. Working with cooperating attorneys from law firms across the Midwest, Pat won groundbreaking legal victories that helped redefine equality and freedom for students, parents, and fami-lies throughout the Midwest. Pat’s deep understanding of constitutional law, ability to select and advance compelling cases, and brilliant strategic thinking made her a leading voice of the LGBTQ civil rights movement. She has been a hero to many in the Chicagoland area and across the country, including to me. I am one of many who have relied on Pat to inform us and to inspire us. In 1995, Pat helped win the right for gay men and lesbians to adopt children in Illinois. Four years later, Pat acted swiftly to preserve that right against a rogue circuit court whose extraordinary actions put adoptions for three small children at risk. In two separate cases involving lesbian couples, the judge dis-regarded social workers and court-appointed guardians who testified that the children were thriving in these couples’ care and ‘‘highly rec-ommended’’ the adoptions. Instead of crediting these experts, the judge appointed the Family Research Council—an organization that op-poses all gay and lesbian adoptions—to rep-resent the children’s best interests. Pat imme-diately appealed these rulings and, minutes after hearing her argument, a unanimous three-judge panel moved to affirm the adop-tions for both families. Reading from the bench, Judge Morton Zwick rebuked the lower court’s rulings as ‘‘an inexcusable injustice’’ and a discredit to the ‘‘people of Illinois.’’ Pat played a similarly critical role in securing protections for students. For four years, Jamie Nabozny endured extraordinary cruelty and abuse at his Wisconsin high school. Students urinated on him, pretended to rape him, and at one point beat him so badly that he required surgery. Jamie asked for help, but school offi-cials told him that this was what he could ex-pect for being gay. When Jamie sued, the school argued that it was not legally obligated to protect gay students from harassment. Pat took Jamie’s case on appeal and won the na-tion’s first ruling that schools cannot turn a blind eye to anti-gay abuse in the landmark 1996 case Nabozny v. Podlesny. By protecting students from anti-gay harassment and abuse, Pat opened the door for the gay-straight alli-ances that now flourish in high schools and colleges across the nation. Pat was one of the lead lawyers in Law-rence v. Texas. At the heart of the majority decision in Lawrence is the understanding that the Constitution’s fundamental protections of liberty, equality, and freedom are guaranteed to all Americans. Affirmation of the equal dig-nity and respect of LGBTQ Americans set the stage for the Supreme Court’s 2015 decision to recognize marriage equality in Obergefell v. Hodges. When Pat opened Lambda’s Midwest office twenty-five years ago, law and public policy reflected stereotypes and prejudice against the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender com-munity. Children were removed from gay and lesbian parents; LGBTQ workers were denied employment or fired from their jobs; and elect-ed officials cited state sodomy laws to deny equal protection under the law. To win cases for clients and lasting change for the nation, Pat helped change that landscape by opening minds and hearts to the realities of LGBTQ lives. She did this time and again, changing public attitudes and legal policies and proving that we are stronger as a nation when we rec-ognize equality and freedom for all. In 2007, and after leading Lambda Legal’s Midwest office for fourteen years, Pat was named as an Associate Judge of the Circuit Court of Cook County. Pat brought the same clear-eyed sense of justice and fairness to the bench, where she has served in the Domestic Relations Division. Pat has enriched the lives of thousands of individuals, couples and families—those she represented directly and the many others who have benefitted from the landmark systemic changes brought about by her work—creating a lasting legacy of opportunity and hope for generations to come. Pat’s life and work are a call to action, a re-minder that each of us has the power to effect significant change. For her leadership and courage, her intellect and compassion, we owe Patricia M. Logue a debt of gratitude. f 
IN HONOR OF JAY WARD’S RE-TIREMENT FROM THE PARK COUNTY LANDFILL 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Jay Ward on his retirement. This is a momentous occasion and I hope that he will take the time to reflect upon all his hard work over the past 23 years working for the state of Wyoming and the Park County Landfill. I thank him for his contributions to the Park County Landfill and to our community. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Jay Ward on his retire-ment. I wish him the best in future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING LOIS RICHARD 
HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lois Catherine Banks Richard, who passed away after a life of devo-tion to her family and service to her commu-nity. Born in Pasadena, California in 1931, Lois was instilled with the spirit of activism from a young age by her parents. She graduated from Pasadena High School at the age of 16 and went on to become the only African Amer-ican student on the English Council, Red Cross Council and elected to the Pasadena City College Associated Student Body Cabi-net. She transferred to UCLA, where she earned a Bachelor’s Degree in Education. After graduating in 1952, Lois married her husband, Rodney Richard, Jr., at All Saints Church in Pasadena. She and Rod soon re-turned to Pasadena, where Lois pursued teaching and dedicated her career to the stu-dents and families of her hometown. Lois taught elementary school in the Pasa-dena Unified School District, where she was known for her positive and encouraging teach-ing style. In 1966, she spearheaded the devel-opment of the Pasadena Head Start Program, working to expand early education to under-privileged children and families in the commu-nity. Under her guidance, Pasadena saw the development of three new care centers, the Home Start Program, and the Head Start En-richment Program—services that supported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.007 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE228 February 27, 2018 
education, child care, and housing for those in need. Always looking for ways to further her own education, Lois earned a Master’s Degree from Azusa Pacific University by taking night classes while working full-time and caring for her family. After completing graduate school, she went on to be elected as State President of the Association of Head Start Administra-tors and was appointed to the National Execu-tive Board, where she served before retiring from Head Start after 13 years of service. Lois was a leader in her community and an activist for social progress throughout her life. In 1979, she ran for Pasadena’s City Council, but despite winning a majority of her district’s votes, she lost the ensuing citywide runoff election. Seeing how this system prevented fair representation for her community, Lois sought to make a difference. She was joined by organizations like the ACLU and the NAACP in a lawsuit that changed Pasadena’s civic voting rules to allow district representa-tion, a cause that sparked similar movements across the country. Lois made an impact in the lives of count-less students, families, coworkers, and friends, and was recognized for her long career of service by the National Head Start Association and by the California State Assembly, which honored her as their 1988 Woman of the Year. On behalf of our community, it is my dis-tinct honor to commemorate the life of Lois Catherine Banks Richard. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF EILEEN F. GOOD 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the accomplished career of Eileen F. Good. For 52 years, Ms. Good served the people of Canton, Ohio at Aultman Hospital and the Aultman Health Foundation. We are grateful for her service and devotion to our community. Eileen Good began her career with Aultman Hospital in 1965 as a student nurse. After graduating from the Aultman School of Nurs-ing, she attained a Master’s Degree in Nursing Administration from the University of Akron and a Master’s Degree in Business Adminis-tration from Ashland University. Good carried her affinity for learning with her throughout her impressive career. While at Aultman, Good led several initia-tives and programs that improved patient safe-ty and earned the hospital national acclaim. She led the development and implementation of that Aultman Level III Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, Clinical Information Systems Pa-tient Safety Program, and the care coordina-tion system for MediPlan for the AultCare Health Plan. Additionally, she led the success-ful completion of numerous Joint Commission on Accreditation Surveys and Ohio Depart-ment of Health Clinical Program Certifications. These efforts contributed to the recognition of Aultman Hospital as a Magnet Hospital, earn-ing distinction for excellence in nursing. Good also made significant contributions to the hospital through executive leadership. She served as the Vice President of Recruitment and Education, Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Education, Senior Vice President of Nursing Services, Chief Nursing Officer, CEO of Post Acute Care Services, and Senior Vice President of Clinical Advo-cacy for the Aultman Health Foundation. As a life-long resident of Wayne County, Ohio, Eileen Good spent her accomplished ca-reer not only serving patients of Aultman Hos-pital but the greater Northeast Ohio commu-nity. Over the span of 52 outstanding years, Good proved herself as a generous servant leader who undoubtedly improved countless lives. She earned a reputation as a mentor for many nurse professionals, a superb educator and administrator, and effective advocate for patient safety. It is my honor to rise in recogni-tion of such a deserving and accomplished professional and offer my sincerest congratu-lations to Eileen Good upon her retirement. f 
TRIBUTE TO BISHOP HARRY L. SEAWRIGHT 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 133rd Elected and Consecrated Bishop in the African Methodist Episcopal Church, Bishop Harry L. Seawright. After more than 30 years in ministry, Bishop Seawright is currently presiding prelate of Ala-bama’s 9th Episcopal District for the African Methodist Episcopal Church. Bishop Seawright was born in Swansea, South Carolina as the youngest child to the late Joe Nathan and Mary L. Seawright. Born into a family of sharecroppers, Bishop Seawright says, ‘‘the work was hard and the profits were few but the family cared deeply for one another.’’ Bishop Seawright was just five years old when his father passed away, leaving his mother to raise seven children alone. ‘‘The insurance we got after my father passed was just enough to cover my father’s casket and that was it,’’ Bishop Seawright said. ‘‘The next eight years after that was a real struggle for my family.’’ Equipped with only a ninth grade education, Mrs. Mary Seawright decided to relocate the family after her husband’s death in hopes of providing her children with a better life. The decision would move them through six dif-ferent homes over the course of the next eight years. ‘‘My mother was a praying woman,’’ Bishop Seawright said. ‘‘She had a lot of faith and courage.’’ His mother took on various do-mestic jobs in order to facilitate her children’s growth. She stressed to her children that with faith, education and hard work anything was possible. His mother’s passion for education became a driving force for Bishop Seawright, who with the help of his family, enrolled at Benedict College in South Carolina. Bishop Seawright says it was during his sophomore year of col-lege while working with a student Christian or-ganization that he first heard his call to min-istry. He began speaking at Vespa services on January 23, 1977. After graduating from Benedict College with his Bachelor’s degree in Business Administra-tion, he enrolled at the Howard University School of Divinity, where he received both his Master of Divinity and Doctor of Ministry de-grees. Following graduation, Bishop Seawright began his appointment as Interim Pastor of St. Stephen AME, in St. Matthews, SC. He served on the ministerial staffs of Reid Temple AME and Pilgrim AME, both in Wash-ington, D.C. His pastoral appointments were: Payne Memorial AME, Jessup, MD; Heming-way Temple AME, Washington, D.C.; and Union Bethel AME, Brandywine and Temple Hills, MD. He served Union Bethel for 30 years, the longest tenure of any other pastor in the church’s 130-year history. In 1991, Bishop Seawright led Union Bethel in the construction of a $1.6 million sanctuary. Union Bethel has over 50 innovative min-istries. In 2001, Union Bethel opened a sat-ellite church in Temple Hills, MD, and Union Bethel North (previously known as Union Bethel Intergenerational Center, Inc.—IGC) was birthed. This second church location holds Sunday worship services, Church School, weekly Bible Study and Intercessory Prayer. For nine years, Union Bethel operated FOCUS (For Our Children’s Unity School) daycare and kindergarten. FOCUS students received a strong Christian and academic foundation. Union Bethel’s ministries and serv-ices blessed thousands of people in the coun-ty annually. Bishop Seawright spent over 39 years in ministry, specializing in community leadership, church construction and develop-ment. It was early during his ministerial journey that Bishop Seawright met his future wife, Sherita Moon Seawright. ‘‘She was beautiful, accepting and very smart,’’ Bishop Seawright said. ‘‘And she always encouraged me in her way.’’ He was just a sophomore in college when they met and the two would go on to marry in 1982, two years after they started dating. The union brought about two beautiful children, Shari Nicole and Harry Matthew. ‘‘They are my world,’’ Bishop Seawright said. ‘‘Having them brought love to a new mean-ing.’’ In 2016, after more than 30 years with Union Bethel, Bishop Seawright prepared to take on his new appointment in Alabama’s 9th Episcopal District. The opportunity relocated the Bishop and his family to Birmingham, Ala-bama. The move allowed Bishop Seawright to focus on encouraging other pastors and also provided an opportunity to develop a few pro-grams including the Life Center at Daniel Payne Plaza. Daniel Payne Plaza provides people strug-gling in the community with an opportunity to earn their GED and gain certifications in a multitude of vocational areas, including food preparation and construction. The goal is to transform how the 9th district serves not only the church, but the community. Bishop Seawright says because of his upbringing he understands the value of education and is de-termined to provide that opportunity to those he serves. Bishop Seawright has preached for over 30 years and has faithfully served the AME church and his community. His exemplary work has earned him the respect and admira-tion of his fellow ministers, church members, government and community leaders. On a per-sonal note, I want to thank Bishop Seawright for his continued support and encouragement of my home church, the Historic Brown Chapel AME Church in Selma, AL. On behalf of the 7th Congressional District, the State of Alabama and this nation, I ask my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.005 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE229 February 27, 2018 
colleagues to join me in celebrating the many accomplishments of Bishop Harry L. Seawright. We pay tribute to his distinguished career for the betterment of the State of Ala-bama and extend deep appreciation for his ex-emplary service as the Presiding Prelate of the 9th Episcopal District. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JOHN STUART BRUCE 
HON. GEORGE HOLDING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Stuart Bruce of Raleigh, North Carolina. John Bruce was born in Winston-Salem and grew up in Raleigh. He attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, graduating in 1975. John then chose to pursue law school, also at UNC, where he graduated in 1978. Mr. Speaker, after practicing with a Raleigh law firm for about four years, John decided to enter public service with the U.S. Department of Justice. He was appointed as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of North Carolina on April 18, 1983, and excelled at his job. John received two Director’s Awards from DOJ; one in 2002 for superior performance in a managerial role, and another in 2004 for su-perior performance as an Assistant United States Attorney for his work on a prosecution that was called at the time the most success-ful public corruption case in North Carolina history. This case resulted in the conviction of the North Carolina Commissioner of Agri-culture and four of her top aides for multiple felonies associated with their corrupt activities, including extortion under color of official right, mail and wire fraud, and obstruction of justice. The North Carolina Bar Association also rec-ognized John that year with an award as the Outstanding Public Sector Attorney. Mr. Speaker, when my nomination to serve as U.S. Attorney in the Eastern District of North Carolina was confirmed by the Senate in 2006, I selected John to serve as First As-sistant U.S. Attorney, working as second-in- command during my five years as U.S. Attor-ney. His professionalism, integrity, and experi-ence were invaluable as we prosecuted drug trafficking, public corruption, and terrorism cases all across Eastern North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, John Stuart Bruce twice served as U.S. Attorney for the EDNC on an interim basis; first, for a year prior to the con-firmation of Frank D. Whitney as U.S. Attorney in 2002, and most recently for 21 months prior to Robert J. Higdon, Jr. taking the oath of of-fice to become the United States Attorney for the Eastern District on October 10, 2017. Following 34 years of government service, John recently retired on February 9, 2018. I will always consider John a valued col-league and a friend from our time together in the U.S. Attorney’s office. I wish him well in his retirement and any future endeavors. HONORING ST. CAJETAN PARISH ON ITS 90TH ANNIVERSARY HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize St. Cajetan Parish, a vibrant Catho-lic parish on the Southwest Side of Chicago, who will celebrate its 90th Anniversary with a Mass on March 4th. Father Daniel Murphy was given the task of establishing St. Cajetan Parish in what was then the far reaches of Chicago, and the first Mass was celebrated on July 3, 1927. A tiny prefabricated frame church was soon set up at the corner of 112th and Artesian. From a very humble beginning, parish leaders went to work on an intense fundraising and building cam-paign. In 1932, Fr. Meade became pastor and succeeded in building a school and rectory, enlarged the Church, and found a place to live for the Sinsinawa Dominicans who faithfully taught in the school. Fr. Sharp, who became pastor in 1943, en-larged the rectory and the school, constructed a convent, and built the Church that is in use today. Father Schomburg built the new rectory in 1970 and Fathers Boyle, Sivore, Burke, Maloney, and Barkemeyer all kept improving and building the community of faith. In the early 2000s, the buildings of the parish were modernized and improved. In 2005, Fr. Kurucz was appointed the 10th Pastor of St. Cajetan and the church was completely renovated in 2015. St. Cajetan’s continued commitment to the Catholic faith and service continue to make it a tremendous asset to the community. The parish has a Ministry of Care which provides prayer, comfort, and healing to those who are unable to physically attend Mass. There is a Special Religious Development Ministry for those with disabilities that helps to integrate people into the wider community. In addition, St. Cajetan’s PB & J Ministry works tirelessly to provide meals for the homeless by putting together sack lunches for those in need. It is with this in mind that we remember all the compassion and care this parish has for ev-eryone in the community. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing St. Cajetan Parish and con-gratulating them as they celebrate their 90th Anniversary. I am confident that St. Cajetan will continue to be an inspiration to all of us through their faith and dedicated service. 
f 
MUNICH SECURITY CONFERENCE AND NATO PARLIAMENTARY AS-SEMBLY 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, last week, I had the opportunity to attend the Munich Security Conference, highlighted by Defense Secretary James Mattis and Na-tional Security Advisor H.R. McMaster, and senior representatives from more than 70 countries. During the conference, we met with General Curtis Scaparrotti, NATO Supreme Al-lied Commander, and General Christopher Cavoli, Commander U.S. Army Europe, who are successfully implementing President Don-ald Trump’s European Deterrence Initiative to promote peace through strength, preventing further Russian aggression. I was grateful for the opportunity to meet with British Prime Minister Theresa May, Prime Minister of Iraq Haider al-Abadi, and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, who are on the front lines of advancing democracy. A highlight was Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu exposing Iranian drone wreckage. I also had the opportunity to participate with Congressman MIKETURNER at the NATO Par-liamentary Assembly in Brussels, where we reinforced the bonds with our NATO allies of 29 countries and discussed joint efforts to con-front threats of Russian aggression in Moldova, Georgia, and Ukraine. In conclusion, God Bless our Troops, and may we never forget September 11th in the Global War on Terrorism. 
f 
CONGRATULATING HAILEY HODGE ON BEING NAMED THE SYRA-CUSE DISTRICT YOUNG ENTRE-PRENEUR OF THE YEAR 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Hailey Hodge for being named the Syracuse District Young Entrepreneur of the Year by the U.S. Small Business Adminis-tration, an annual award presented to out-standing individuals for their dedication to small business. Ms. Hodge is being recognized for her re-markable achievements as a small business owner. After graduating from Drexel University in November 2014, Ms. Hodge returned to her hometown of Canton, New York, at the age of 22 to open Luna Boutique. Luna Boutique is a successful women’s clothing store, the first of its kind in the small town of Canton. Ms. Hodge also served as a role model to other aspiring businesspeople by participating in SUNY Canton’s Roopreneur competition, which challenges students to develop innova-tive ideas for local businesses. In just a few short years, Ms. Hodge not only established a thriving business, but also became a pillar of her community. Since 1963, the U.S. Small Business Ad-ministration has recognized individuals for their commitment to small business during Na-tional Small Business Week. The Young En-trepreneur Award recognizes business owners younger than 30 for creating successful small businesses by generating profit, increasing op-portunities for employment, developing innova-tive methods, and demonstrating the potential for long-term business growth. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate Ms. Hodge for her well-de-served award as the Syracuse District Young Entrepreneur of the Year and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.007 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE230 February 27, 2018 
KYLIE POWERS EARNS SILVER MEDAL AT 6A SWIMMING FINALS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Kylie Powers, of Ridge Point High School for earning a silver medal in the 6A 100-yard breaststroke. Powers finished an impressive high school swimming career with a 100-yard breaststroke silver medal with a time of 1:01.15. She is a signee at Texas A&M. Her accomplishments in the pool have made her family and our Mis-souri City community proud. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Kylie Powers. We look forward to seeing what she will accomplish in the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CORPORAL MUJAHID RAMZZIDDIN 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on Friday I at-tended the funeral of a hero. Prince George’s County lost a dedicated Corporal last Wednes-day, who was shot and killed while off duty but still doing his duty. Corporal Mujahid Ramzziddin, a fourteen-year veteran of the force, stepped in to protect a neighbor from an abusive spouse. As Chief Hank Stawinski said: ‘He saved her life by giving his own.’ He is the thirtieth Prince George’s County police officer to die in the line of duty. Corporal Ramzziddin’s courage is an example of the kind of devotion to duty that our law enforce-ment officers in Prince George’s County and across Maryland and the United States dem-onstrate each day they serve. At the funeral in Lanham, I joined state and county officials in comforting Corporal Ramzziddin’s wife Tammi and his four children as they paid their final tributes to him and laid him to rest according to traditional Muslim rites. I was honored to present Tammi with a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol in memory of her husband, and I was deeply moved by the outpouring of support and love from the com-munity to the Ramzziddin family. They are in my thoughts at this difficult time, as is Cor-poral Ramzziddin’ s heroic example. Corporal Ramzziddin was not only a dedi-cated law enforcement officer; he was also a volunteer in the community. He served in sev-eral ways with the Nation’s Mosque, including as a leader for its Boy Scout Troop 1517, on its safety and security committee, and with the men’s group that engaged in neighborhood lit-ter removal projects. Corporal Ramzziddin was a man of faith and service, a patriot and a hero to his community. It surprised no one who knew him that he gave his life while trying to protect someone else. I hope all of my colleagues in this House will join me in paying tribute to Corporal Mujahid Ramzziddin for his life of service and his ultimate sacrifice protecting the people of Prince George’s County, Maryland. HONORING HENRY LUCKETT HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of MIssissippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor an intuitive and self- motivated man, Mr. Henry Luckett. Mr. Henry Luckett was born and raised in Canton, MS, to Hemy and Lucille Luckett. He is the second of six children born. His parents instilled in him at an early age, that if you want to be a productive citizen you must take edu-cation seriously, work hard , and never make excuses. Mr. Luckett has lived in Holmes County since 1982. His family and faith are very im-portant. He’s married to Mrs. Charlie M. Luckett and they are the proud parents of four children. Mr. Luckett currently serves as Chancery Clerk of Holmes County since January 2012. He is an active member of: Holmes County School and Community, serving as a Charter member of Leadership Holmes since 1993; Board of Directors of Holmes County Cham-bers of Commerce, (2002–2008), as President (2008–2010); and he was President of the Wil-liam Sullivan School PTA from 2005 to 2010. He currently serves as a member of thoard of the State PTA of Mississippi. to Mr. Luckett received a B.A. in Business Ad-ministration from Fisk University in Nashville, Tenn., in 1974. He has 26 years of public service with the Depatiment of Human Serv-ices (1982–2008), and served as County Di-rector of Holmes County from 1992 to 2008. During this Administration, he was a member of the Six Million Dollar Club, which were counties who were issued six million dollars or more annually in food stamps benefits. Only twenty-five States had that distinction. Being one among the National Six Million Dollar Club members Holmes County received numerous awards from the USDA for exceptional man-agement of the program. As Director he al-ways made sure that everyone was treated with respect and those eligible received their benefits in a timely manner. Mr. Luckett previously served as Project Di-rector for the Mississippi Parent Information Resource Center Program for the Community Students Learning Center. The Program serves parents of Title 1 students Statewide with information, resources, and training that supports student achievement. Continuing with the support of the community and his involve-ment with Holmes County Students, the pro-gram provides summer employment to the stu-dents which teaches them professional work ethics and preparation for future leadership. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Henry Luckett for his desire for continued excellence in his community. 
f 
SERBIA AND AMERICA 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is a dis-tinct honor for me to talk about the great rela-tionship we have with Serbia as co-chair of the Congressional Serbia Caucus along with my friend EMANUEL CLEAVER (D–MO). Serbia is a great friend of the United States. As a Texan, I have great admiration for the people of Serbia. Our strong opinions and habit to speak our minds make us natural al-lies. In fact, one of the first people to settle Texas was a Serbian named Dorde Sagic, or George Fischer as he was known in the U.S. After settling in Texas, Sagic went on to be-come a justice of the peace in my hometown of Houston, Texas. But Serbia has contributed much more to the cause of justice than just Mr. Sagic keep-ing the early streets of Houston safe. Today we honor the service of Serbia’s armed forces who have fought side-by-side with Americans to preserve justice during his-tory’s most horrific conflicts. In 1918, President Woodrow Wilson gave a speech marking the fourth anniversary of Aus-tria-Hungary’s invasion of Serbia. Speaking of the bravery of the Serbian armed forces, President Wilson said: ‘‘Nobly did they respond. So valiantly and courageous did they oppose the forces of a country ten times greater in population and re-sources . . . While their territory has been devastated and their homes despoiled, the spirit of the Serbian people has not been bro-ken.’’ As a Texan, I admire such defiance against overwhelming odds. Like President Wilson, I am proud to share the stories of Serbia’s bravery here in Wash-ington. I believe the most meaningful for Americans is the story of the Halyard Mission during the dark days of the Second World War. While under Nazi-occupation, the Serbian people demonstrated their bravery as they played a crucial role in the largest rescue op-eration of American airmen in history. In 1944, American bombers were flying fre-quent missions to strike Germany’s vital oil supplies in Romania as part of the allied ad-vance into Europe. The 15th Air Force led this effort by launch-ing nearly 20,000 sorties into Eastern Europe, with many of the missions flying over Nazi-oc-cupied Yugoslavia. As many as 1,500 pilots and airmen were shot down during these cou-rageous air raids. Serbians, who had been resisting German forces since 1941, risked their own lives to rescue American aircrews and hide them from patrolling Nazis. For months these brave and noble Serbians cared for and protected American and allied pilots. By August 1944, the allied forces, including the 15th Air Force and Office of Strategic Services, devised a daring operation to evac-uate the hundreds of allied pilots being shel-tered by the Serbian resistance. American aircraft flew into enemy territory and evacuated these airmen from an air field built and protected by local Serbians near the village of Pranjani. For over 60 years this operation was kept secret. But now we can remember the cour-age of our Serbian friends and say thank you. The spirit of the Halyard mission still lives on today as a remarkable story of resistance and heroism. As was the case in both World Wars, Serbia and the U.S. still face shared threats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.011 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE231 February 27, 2018 
About 600 foreign fighters in Syria have come from the Balkan states. ISIS and al- Qaeda terrorists present a threat to Serbia and the region just as they present a threat to the U.S. We must continue coordinating with our Ser-bian partners to stop returning terrorists and neutralize networks that recruit fighters in the Balkans. The U.S. is also working with Serbia to im-prove its independent judiciary and fight cor-ruption. A democratic Serbia with a strong rule of law is in America’s interests. But there are others who do not share this goal. Russian disinformation efforts are designed to keep Serbia in its sphere of influence and poison our warming friendship. Nevertheless, Serbia’s integration to the West has continued to move forward. In 2006, Serbia joined NATO’s Partnership for Peace program and, in 2015, signed an In-dividual Partnership Action Plan with the alli-ance to strengthen cooperation. Recently the European Union announced that Serbia could join the EU as early as 2025. I applaud this step which will strengthen Belgrade’s political institutions and economic ties with the west. Together we share the same dreams of a bright and free future for both our countries. We are blessed to have brave men and women that ensure our futures are bright and free. I want to thank the Serbian armed forces for standing with America in the wars of the past and in the challenges we will face together in the future. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
JACK ARMSTRONG BREAKS CLASS 5A SWIMMING RECORD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Jack Armstrong, of Manvel High School, for earning a pair of gold medals at the Class 5A Swimming and Diving meet in Austin. Armstrong broke the 5A record with a time of 44.57 seconds in the 100 free in the pre-liminary round on Friday. On Saturday, he won both the 50 and 100 free events. His ac-complishments in the pool have made his fam-ily and our Manvel community proud. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Jack Armstrong. We look forward to seeing what he will accomplish in the future. Hoka Hey. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BENEVOLENT AND PROTECTIVE ORDER OF THE ELKS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Benevolent and Protective Order of the Elks of the United States of America on their One-hundred fiftieth Anniver-sary for their outstanding and unparalleled service to the United States. The Elks started their charitable organiza-tion on February 16th, 1868. Since then they have grown nationwide creating and advo-cating for different services to our communities by advocating their mission to include the prin-ciples of charity, justice, brotherly love and fi-delity; to recognize a belief in God; to promote the welfare and enhance the happiness of its Members; to quicken the spirit of American patriotism; to cultivate good fellowship; to per-petuate itself as a fraternal organization, and to provide for its government. The Elks are committed to America’s Prom-ise, an alliance of organizations building a bet-ter future for our youth through our Scholar-ship Program, the Hoop Shoot free throw pro-gram, and our Drug Awareness Program. The Elks have pledged NOT to forget our nation’s veterans . Each year we visit VA Medical Centers, Outpatient Clinics and State Veterans Homes providing companionship and enhancing their level of comfort. The Elks also adopt by state its own chari-table project. These include summer camps for children with disabilities or who are finan-cially disadvantaged; in-home treatment for people with disabilities; children’s hospitals; cancer research; and providing safe, tem-porary heavens for abused families. Mr. Speaker, The Order of the Elks have become cornerstones in their individual com-munities all throughout the United States. These lodges are a source of knowledge, ex-pertise and leadership for our communities, and I once again congratulate them on their momentous milestone. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on February 26, 2018, I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on No. 81 and 82. 
f 
TAX REFORM WORKS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, last year, Congress passed landmark legislation, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This legislation cuts taxes in every income group. Now, Texans are seeing the impact of this pro-family, pro-growth tax reform. And so are the employees of Insperity. In 1986, Insperity launched with little more than a 600 square foot home office and two employees in Texas’s Second Congressional District. But the small startup quickly began growing, eventually turning into one of the largest HR outsourcing firms in the country. Earlier this month the company announced bonuses to its employees—made possible through the U.S. tax reform act. The amount of the bonuses will range from $1,000 to $4,000 per employee dependent upon the employee’s tenure with the company. These bonuses total approximately $9 mil-lion and will not be awarded to the manage-ment team and other senior leaders. The company says: ‘‘We believe the pas-sage of tax reform is positive news and should provide for stronger growth of Insperity, the small business community and the broader U.S. economy.’’ Mr. Speaker, the Democrats may call $1,000–$4,000 ‘‘crumbs . . .’’ But to the people of the Texas Second Con-gressional District this is money that will go di-rectly back into the pockets of a community hit hard by Hurricane Harvey. This extra money will help families rebuild their homes, restore their possessions that were ruined by the floodwaters and recover from the devastation brought forward by the Hurricane. Mr. Speaker, Insperity is just one example of the good work that this tax reform package has done. The latest data shows that a typical middle- income family of four in Texas’s Second Con-gressional District will see a Tax Cut of $2,788. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has put more money in the pockets of employees and al-lowed industry to grow. And that’s just the way it is. f 
MO’S PLACE CELEBRATES 30 YEARS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mo’s Place, of Katy, TX, on its 30th Anniversary. Mo Jeloudarzadeh came to America with only his suitcase in hand, and worked his way through college as a dishwasher. He was later promoted to bartender and it was during this time that Mo fell in love with country music. In March 1988, he opened Mo’s Place in a small strip center in the Katy area. Mo’s passion for serving others and his welcoming hospitality have been the key ingredients to his success. Last year, Mo was awarded the Pioneer Award from the Texas Country Music Hall of Fame for his continued support of Texas Country music artists. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Mo Jeloudarzadeh for celebrating 30 years of success at Mo’s Place. We’re excited to see what the next 30 years bring. 
f 
HONORING CHIEF KENNETH PAR-KINSON FOR 25 YEARS IN THE PLATTSBURGH CITY POLICE DE-PARTMENT 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Chief Kenneth Parkinson on his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.014 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE232 February 27, 2018 
retirement from the Plattsburgh City Police De-partment after 25 years of service. Originally from Au Sable, New York, Ken entered the Police Academy in 1993 after graduating from Clinton Community College. In 2003, Ken was promoted to the rank of Pa-trol Sergeant. As Patrol Sergeant, he served on the Special Response Team, which re-ceived a mayoral commendation for service in the 2015 Dannemora Manhunt. Soon after, Ken was promoted to Administrative Lieuten-ant. After 24 years of service with the Police Department, Ken was appointed in 2017 by Mayor Colin Read to serve as Police Chief, where he worked tirelessly to promote com-munity policing and made combating the opi-ate epidemic a priority. Ken is a lifelong resi-dent of the Plattsburgh area, and is an exem-plary member of his community. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I would like to thank Chief Parkinson for his years of hard work and dedication to his com-munity, and wish him all the best in the years ahead. 
f 
MICHAEL VISSER RECEIVES DIS-TINGUISHED EDUCATION SERV-ICE AWARD FROM VVC FOUNDA-TION 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Michael Visser who will receive the Distinguished Education Service Award from the Victor Valley College Foundation on Feb-ruary 24, 2018. Michael was selected for this award by the foundation because of his commitment to en-couraging his students to pursue careers in law enforcement. After retiring from three dec-ades in law enforcement, Michael began teaching courses at VVC and was instru-mental in opening the Regional Public Safety Training Center on campus. He also played a vital role in assisting the VVC Campus Police Department in obtaining new firearms and im-proved training. He has gone above and be-yond in supporting the campus by facilitating emergency drills such as ‘‘The Great Shake-out’’ and ‘‘Active Shooter Training.’’ Michael’s passion for giving back to his students is evi-dent in everything he does. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to congratulate Michael Visser for his tireless effort on behalf of his students at VVC. Undoubtedly, he is well-de-serving of the Distinguished Education Service Award. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE RARE DIS-EASE ADVANCEMENT, RE-SEARCH, AND EDUCATION (RARE) ACT 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to introduce the Rare disease Advance-ment, Research, and Education (RARE) Act. This important, bipartisan legislation would ad-dress many of the issues facing rare disease patients and families. Today, Rare Disease Day, many of these individuals are sharing their stories and educating communities of re-searchers, health professionals, governments, families, and friends about how rare diseases affect them. I am proud to introduce the RARE Act not only in recognition of these efforts, but moreover to address the many unique chal-lenges facing the rare disease patient commu-nity. Almost 7,000 rare diseases affect nearly 30,000,000 Americans, and many lack an ef-fective treatment. There remains much Con-gress can do to improve rare disease aware-ness, education, research, surveillance, diag-nosis, and treatment, and to address common challenges faced by rare disease patients. Over the course of my time in Congress, I have met with countless rare disease patients and their families. Each story is unique—and in many cases heartbreaking—but it is essen-tial that Congress address some of the root causes behind these stories. Rare diseases cross the medical spectrum, but individuals with rare diseases face some common challenges. In large part due to their limited patient population size, these individ-uals may have difficulty obtaining an accurate diagnosis, finding physicians or treatment cen-ters with expertise in their disease, and ulti-mately finding appropriate treatment options and cures. While over 450 drugs have been approved for the treatment of rare diseases, millions of Americans suffering from a rare dis-ease have no approved treatment options. For decades, Congress has worked to sup-port advancements in rare disease, with legis-lation ranging from the Orphan Drug Act to the Food and Drug Administration Safety and In-novation Act to most recently, the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act. In addition, the Food and Drug Administration and the National Institutes of Health have made important strides, prioritizing research, development, and ap-proval of treatment targeting rare diseases. Nonetheless, it remains clear that there re-mains much policymakers can do to further these critical efforts. The RARE Act would represent an impor-tant step in this direction, addressing some of the commonalities between rare diseases and aiming to improve rare disease treatment, re-search, and diagnostics. First, the RARE Act would expand our un-derstanding of rare diseases by enhancing an existing and successful program: the Rare Diseases Clinical Research Network. The Rare Diseases Clinical Research Network at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) is made up of 21 research ‘centers of excellence’ studying rare diseases in an interdisciplinary way, working with patients and others on clin-ical studies and other research. Second, the RARE Act would fill critical gaps in our healthcare system, improving co-ordination, surveillance, and awareness of rare diseases. For example, the RARE Act would require the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) to create a National Rare Disease or Condi-tion Surveillance System. Modelled off of simi-lar systems for other conditions, this formal-ized infrastructure would track rare disease data, helping researchers to understand com-monalities between diseases. The RARE Act would also require the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) to expand and intensify its work to ensure that health profes-sionals are aware of rare disease diagnoses and treatments. And it would mandate an up-dated report on rare disease efforts from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, to ensure that Congress has the best tools possible to address these issues. Passage of the RARE Act would represent a major stride in combating these unique dis-eases and conditions, and enhance the fed-eral government, non-profit, and private sec-tors capacities to improve patients’ lives. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the RARE Act. f 
SUBURBAN SUGAR LAND WOMEN HONOR FORT BEND COUNTY LEADERS FOR WOMEN’S HIS-TORY MONTH 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Fort Bend County women honored by the Suburban Sugar Land Women (SSLW) for Women’s History Month 2018. The National Women’s History Project cele-brates the diverse and historic accomplish-ments of women. Every year, SSLW recog-nizes women who have made a positive im-pact upon our community. There are six women from Fort Bend County who received this honor—Evelyn Peters Dean, president of the Suburban Houston Fort Bend Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., Ammie Blahuta, president of Gigi’s Playhouse Down Syndrome Achievement Centers, Tran Pham Rich, president of Cookie Joe’s Dancin’ School, Sugar Land, Manuela Arroyos, CEO of Fort Bend Seniors Meals on Wheels, Cyn-thia Ginyard, a passionate retired educator and public servant and Lupe Uresti, former mayor of Rosenberg and current Rosenberg Housing Authority director and treasurer for the board of directors of the Fort Bend His-panic Heritage Forum. Each of these women contributes to the strength and vibrancy of our community and we thank them. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Suburban Sugar Land Women hon-orees. Thank you for all you do for our com-munity. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JIM WAG-NER’S LIFE OF DISTINGUISHED PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jim Wagner as he retires from a lifetime of distinguished public service to the Downrivers of Michigan. This week he will re-tire as Trenton City Administrator, but his serv-ice has been long and extensive. He has brought our community together for years through his leadership. A lifelong resident of Wyandotte, Michigan, Mr. Wagner grew up with a passion to serve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.021 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE233 February 27, 2018 
the community that he loves. He operated Wy-andotte Sporting Goods in his early adult life and was known for his kind demeanor, friendli-ness and helping anyone that needs it. At age 34 in 1979, Mr. Wagner was approached and told that he would be a good candidate for Wyandotte Mayor. He served as Mayor for 8 years and later served in various capacities before being appointed as Trenton City Ad-ministrator in December 2011. In his role as Trenton City Administrator, he was responsible for identifying the city’s top priorities and effec-tively utilizing the city’s resources. He has held this role for over 6 years and leaves behind a legacy of passionate and successful leader-ship as he retires from this position. He has helped guide Trenton, Wyandotte and sur-rounding areas through tough economic times and challenging circumstances and is an im-portant reason that the Downrivers remain strong. Mr. Wagner is known by community mem-bers throughout the region as someone who has a deep knowledge of the area and worked hard to create local partnerships to make con-tinued improvements. One of the most suc-cessful projects spearheaded by Mr. Wagner was the ‘‘Say Yes to Downriver’’ slogan that increased the area’s visibility and brought new families and businesses to Trenton and the surrounding cities. Other successes included creating the yearly business summit held by the Southern Wayne County Regional Cham-ber of Commerce, helping establish the Downriver Community Conference, assisting residents who have lost their jobs, authoring a national grant to retrain workers, addressing serious environmental issues in both Brownfield and superfund sites and continuing to renovate the International Wildlife Refuge. His colleagues have said that there need to be more public servants like him and that he is leaving behind a legacy of excellence. Mr. Wagner looks forward to seeing the Downriver area continue to flourish in his retirement, and his hard work and expertise is valued and the community will continue to tap his wisdom in the years to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Jim Wagner’s lifetime of leader-ship and public service. Mr. Wagner has effec-tively served the Downriver area throughout his career. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF MS. FRANCESCA ALFANO 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is my great privilege to rise today to honor Ms. Francesca Alfano, for her outstanding community service work in her hometown of West Palm Beach, Florida. Ms. Alfano was one of five students se-lected by Florida’s Hometown U.S.A. Program, Inc. this year. She is a high school junior at Alexander W. Dreyfoos School of the Arts, a public high school located in West Palm Beach, Florida. She is the daughter of Monique McCall and Gianpaolo Alfano. Throughout this year, Ms . Alfano will proud-ly represent West Palm Beach as she travels to visit nursing homes, children’s hospitals, Veteran’s hospitals, charity events, and other activities throughout the State of Florida. She certainly reflects the values of Florida’s Hometown U.S.A. Program, Inc., which en-courages and supports students who have a desire to volunteer. There is truly no limit to the difference students like Ms. Alfano can make in the lives of their neighbors with the support of organizations like Florida’s Home-town U.S.A., Inc. Florida’s Hometown U.S.A. Program, Inc. is a non-profit educational youth organization, which has received Disney’s Helping Kids Shine Award, Disney’s VoluntEAR of the Year, the Governor’s Points of Light Award from former Governor Jeb Bush, and the national President’s Daily Points of Light Award from former President George W. Bush. Mr. Speaker, I am proud that Ms. Francesca Alfano represents my district. She is a student and community member whom we can all ad-mire and respect. I commend her for her deep commitment to volunteer work, and wish her the best as she pursues her high school di-ploma and beyond. f 
KISD BRINGS HOME FIVE STATE SWIMMING MEDALS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate five Katy ISD state swimming medalists. Kaloyan Bratanov, a senior at Katy High School, won the 6A championship in the 200- yard medley and won the silver medal in the 100-yard freestyle. Emma Sticklen, a sopho-more at Taylor High School, brought home a bronze medal in the 100-yard backstroke. Cinco Ranch High School senior, Aria Bernal earned her third consecutive state silver medal in the backstroke, finishing with a time of 52.72. William Coakley, a junior at Seven Lakes’ High School, earned a bronze medal in the 200 free. Senior Brayden Rudd of Seven Lakes’ High School finished his high school career with a bronze medal in the breast-stroke. Each of these students has made Katy and all of Texas proud. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to each of you on your accomplishments. We look forward to seeing what you will accom-plish in the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO AMERICA’S PASTOR AND GOD’S MAN—BILLY GRAHAM 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Paul wrote in the book of Galatians ‘‘But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world.’’ This was Billy Graham’s favorite bible verse. He chose only to boast in humility, sacrifice, and the cross of Christ. He was America’s Pastor, who lived his life to bring the lost and hurting to Christ. Today, as his body lies in honor, inside the Capitol’s Rotunda, I am proud to pay tribute to long time famed evangelist, Billy Graham. On a dairy farm located outside Charlotte, North Carolina, Billy Graham was born No-vember 7, 1918. He grew up like most rural 1920s American children. He was raised in a colonial-style house with indoor plumbing. He lived a quiet country life where he helped work the farm, played baseball, and went to church on most Sundays. In 1934, at the age of 16, he was saved during a revival meeting led by Dr. Mordecai Ham. After high school, he moved to Ten-nessee and enrolled in a small Christian school, Bob Jones College, for half a semes-ter before leaving. He found the school too strict. He transferred to Florida Bible Institute where he continued his education and pre-pared himself for his future ministry. He soon felt called to preach. In Florida, he joined a Southern Baptist Convention church, and was ordained to preach in 1939. He began preaching at small churches and revival meetings. He graduated with a bachelor’s in theology and decided to further his spiritual training at Wheaton Col-lege in Illinois. With a deep faith in God, 21 year old Gra-ham arrived at Wheaton College in 1940 as a tall, gentle man with a booming voice whose one goal was to preach the gospel. Here he met his future wife, Ruth Bell. Ruth, the daughter of medical missionaries, was raised in China. She prayed that God would let her live out her life as a missionary. God gave her Billy Graham. After graduating with a bach-elor’s in anthropology, Graham married Bell on August 13, 1943 in the Blue Ridge Mountains of North Carolina. ‘‘There would have been no Billy Graham . . . had it not been for Ruth,’’ said the late T. W. Wilson. She was his an-chor and advisor for over 63 years. Graham discovered God’s call was to lead others to Christ by becoming an evangelist. He first made national attention during his Los Angeles Crusade in fall 1949. Under a white tent, 30 year old Graham preached over 65 sermons to more than 350,000 people. Over-night, he became a household name. The Billy Graham Crusades were heard all over our world between 1947 and 2005. He filled large arenas and stadiums across our country with a focus of bringing people to Christ. Long before churches were ready for racial integration, he integrated his crusades. His Crusades made it to my neck of the woods three times: in 1952, 1965 and 1981. In 1952, half million Texans came out to hear Graham preach. Roy Rogers and Dale Evans gave their testimony, too. The brand new As-trodome opened its doors for 10 days to Gra-ham in 1965. Lyndon B. Johnson and Lady Bird Johnson attended. At 63 years old, Gra-ham preached at Rice Stadium in 1981. The Billy Graham Evangelistic Association was founded in 1950. It was made up of a core team who created the ‘‘Modesto Mani-festo,’’ a covenant to ensure the integrity of his ministry. Millions more could now hear him on the radio and see him on TV. Graham un-derstood the power of the media. He also be-came one of the world’s best-selling authors. He became a world evangelist called to spread the good news. Graham was called the Pastor to our Presi-dents. He met with all post war Presidents up to Obama. Our country called on him in times 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.025 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE234 February 27, 2018 
of celebration and tragedy. He delivered invo-cations at presidential inaugurations. He preached at the Washington National Cathe-dral, three days after the 9/11 terrorist attacks. His message gave hope and healing to a shocked nation. At the age of 77, he jointly re-ceived the Congressional Gold Medal in the Rotunda of the U.S. Capitol with his wife, Ruth. Ruth passed away in the summer of 2007 at their home in Montreat, North Carolina. They had five children: Gigi, Anne, Ruth, Franklin and Ned. They had 19 grandchildren. They are all involved in the ministry. In his later years, Graham was asked if he has any re-grets. He replied, ‘‘although I have much to be grateful for as I look back over my life, I also have many regrets. I have failed many times, and I would do many things differently. For one thing, I would speak less and study more, and I would spend more time with my family.’’ At his 95th birthday celebration, Graham de-livered his last message. He recorded a video that featured clips from his home in Montreat, North Carolina. His message was delivered in a quieter voice but provided a powerful mes-sage. He expressed concern for our nation, ‘‘Our country’s in great need of a spiritual awakening,’’ he declared. ‘‘There have been times that I’ve wept as I’ve gone from city to city and I’ve seen how far people have wan-dered from God.’’ Today, I honor the life of Billy Graham and his ministries that have touched millions of people worldwide. There can never be another Billy Graham. God used a farm boy with a gentle heart to preach his truth. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING DEMI WASHINGTON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable young lady, Ms. Demi Washington of Clinton, MS. Demi Washington is a senior at Clinton High School, where she currently holds the title of Miss Clinton High School and has a 3.5 GPA. Demi is a very athletic and competitive young lady and was recently awarded a full scholarship to the University of Alabama (Roll Tide), beginning Fall ’17. Throughout her years she has been awarded several awards: 2014 Gatorade Athlete of the Year; No. 1 Sprinter in the State of MS, since 8th grade; and the 1st female to win the State champion-ship in the 8th grade. In April of 2017, Demi finished first in three events: 100 M Dash with a time of 11.85; the 200 M Dash with a time of 24.10; and set a new PR in the long jump with a mark of 17–1 at the MHSAA Division 4– 6A meet. Her coach stated that, she is looking forward to winning the 100m and 200m dashes at the state meet this year to end her high school year on top. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and congratulating Ms. Demi Washington for such a job well done through-out her athletic path in and throughout Clinton, MS. WOMEN AND TERRORISTS HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the spread of terrorism and extremist ideas has claimed countless lives, destroyed hundreds of com-munities, and spawned radical groups around the world. Women, in particular, have long been the victims of these radical ideologies. Just last week, the terrorist group Boko Haram targeted a girl’s school in Nigeria and abducted more than 100 young girls. This inci-dent follows the 2014 abduction of 270 Nige-rian school girls, of which 112 are still missing. These acts are far from uncommon among Islamist terrorist organizations. Across the globe, jihadist networks subject women and young girls to horrendous human rights abuses. These male-dominated extremist groups frequently deny basic rights, like ac-cess to education or political representation to women as a core component of their ideology. Terrorist groups like ISIS and Boko Haram are often the worst abusers of women, forcing them into marriages and sexual slavery. It should be no surprise that the status of women in a society is often an important indi-cator as to how vulnerable that society is to vi-olence and radicalization. Yet, while being one of the primary targets of terrorist groups, women are also being radicalized and recruited into these groups. Some support the group’s operations, enforce its laws, or marry and bear the children of ter-rorist fighters. Others actually commit these heinous acts of terror. In recent years, as many as 3,000 women have traveled to the Middle East to join ISIS with many becoming female suicide bombers. Despite the marginalization and brutality of women in extremist-held lands, repressive re-gimes, persistent conflict, and poor develop-ment policies can create conditions that make groups like ISIS be seen as an opportunity for women. Extremist groups exploit female griev-ances and claim to offer women greater em-powerment and increased status—luring them into joining their extremist cause. Once radicalized, terrorist organizations will leverage the societal status of women to further their violent goals. For example, Boko Haram has exploited cultural perceptions of women in Ni-geria as non-violent and unlikely to be in-volved in terrorism, to use them as intelligence and recruiting tools. In our efforts to combat terrorism and extre-mism abroad, we have neglected the impor-tant role women can play to actually prevent radicalization and facilitate peace-building in areas long-worn by violence. Women are well placed in homes, schools, and communities to challenge extremist narratives. Research shows that anti-terrorism messages can be more effectively spread by women because they are more directly involved with those most vulnerable to terrorist recruitment: the world’s youth. Given their importance in fami-lies and communities, it is essential that women, both at home and abroad, are more meaningfully enlisted in the fight against ter-rorism. Two years ago as French police hunted for the mastermind behind the Paris attacks that killed 130, it was a woman who reported his whereabouts to police. Her role as a surrogate mother to family members of the attacker al-lowed her access and trust that men unfa-miliar to the family would have never have gained. Her brave action prevented a planned follow-on attack. Meanwhile in Kosovo, it was women who were first in their communities to voice con-cerns when young men began stocking weap-ons and conducting training exercises in 1998. Unfortunately, these women’s warnings of im-pending conflict were ignored. Such an exam-ple demonstrates the critical role of women in spotting emerging violence and gaining trust within families and communities. Unfortu-nately, we often lack their perspectives be-cause women are underrepresented in gov-ernments where terrorist groups are most ac-tive. Because of their better ability to build trust, women have proven to improve the out-comes of conflict mediation and peace build-ing. A study of 40 peace processes in 35 coun-tries over the past 30 years, found that when women were involved, more agreements were reached, implemented, and sustained. As more and more terrorist groups threaten our country, our allies, and our interest throughout the world, it is vital that we leverage the tal-ents and perspectives of women as part of a multifaceted approach to ensure security at home and abroad. It must be policy of the United States, that as we work in societies damaged by years of war and political unrest, we empower women to have a larger voice. While the men in these male-dominated cul-tures have continued to fight and disagree, it is the women, who are often the biggest vic-tims that have demonstrated an ability to reach peaceful settlements. By taking important steps to integrate women into its security strategies, the U.S. will unleash untapped skills and abilities to defeat radical terrorists that would rather have them subjugated. In the fight against terrorism, we need everyone at the table—especially women. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DANVILLE SCHLARMAN GIRLS BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the 2018 IHSA Class 1A State Cham-pions the Danville Schlarman High School Girls Basketball Team. The Lady Hilltoppers won the state title game 53–31 to cap off a season with a record of 31 wins and just one loss. Schlarman was led in scoring by Janiah Newell, Caprina Brown, and Anaya Peoples all scoring in dou-ble digits. But this was a team effort and team victory as the Hilltoppers were equally impres-sive on defense as they were on offense. I would like to congratulate the entire Danville Schlarman Girls Basketball Team on their victory and on a superb end to a great season: Anaya Peoples, Cece Damilano, Des-tiny Dye, Emma Bogen, Janiah Newell, McKaylee Allen, Suzet Sermensheim, Sydney Gouard, Tannah Ceader as well as Head Coach Keith Peoples. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.028 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE235 February 27, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor for me to ac-knowledge the hard work and dedication of the Danville Schlarman Girls Basketball Team in winning the 2018 IHSA Class 1A State Title. I wish the team and their coach all the best in the future. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DUBLIN VICE MAYOR DON BIDDLE 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Dublin Vice Mayor Don Biddle. We lost Don on February 21, 2018 at the age of 80. Don lived in the city of Dublin, California for 44 years and worked tire-lessly to serve his community. After serving four years on the Dublin Plan-ning Commission, Don was appointed as a member of the Dublin City Council in 2008 and retained his seat in subsequent elections. It was my privilege to serve alongside Don on the City Council from 2010 to 2013. His col-leagues repeatedly recognized Don’s char-acter and commitment by nominating him to serve as Vice Mayor on multiple occasions. His achievements as a city councilmember received national acclaim. One of Don’s proudest achievements was the redevelop-ment of the former federal housing project, Ar-royo Vista, into the region’s largest mixed-in-come housing development, Emerald Vista. He was a consistent champion of affordable housing who also worked to develop an apart-ment complex tailored to the needs of active military members, veterans, and their families. Don’s leadership led Dublin to be named an ‘‘All American City’’ while he was on city coun-cil. Don also was steadfast in his commitment to children, serving as a school board trustee for 12 years. As a trustee, he was instru-mental in the creation of the Dublin Unified School District and was a leader in the re-building and improvement of the city’s aging schools. Beyond the school board, he re-mained passionate about education, serving the Dublin Partners in Education for nearly two decades, including as president and board member. Don served as an active representative of the Dublin community, on a variety of commis-sions throughout Alameda County. Addition-ally, Don supported the growth of non-profit organizations within Dublin such as the School of Imagination, Dublin Rotary Club, Dublin In-tegrity in Action, the YMCA, the American Cancer Society, and Hope Hospice. Throughout his life, Don selflessly served the greater Tri-Valley community. I am grateful to have known Don Biddle, and he has left be-hind an unforgettable legacy of kindness, charity and service. My thoughts and prayers are with his family, and he will forever be re-membered for his invaluable contributions to the community. IN RECOGNITION OF FIRE CHIEF KENNETH BRISCOE HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chief Kenneth Briscoe of Caldwell County, North Carolina. On behalf of the peo-ple of Lenoir, I congratulate Chief Briscoe on his retirement and thank him for 23 years of service to Caldwell County, and 45 years of service to North Carolina. Chief Briscoe began his career in 1973 as a volunteer firefighter in Hudson, North Caro-lina. He joined the Lenoir Fire Department as a paid firefighter in 1975 and was promoted to Captain in 1983. Chief Briscoe joined the North Carolina Department of Insurance in 1984 and was made the Deputy Director of the North Carolina Department of Insurance and the Fire and Rescue Commission. Chief Briscoe left the North Carolina Department of Insurance in 2004 to become the Chief of the Lenoir Fire Department. During his career, Chief Briscoe has re-ceived many awards and honors for his ex-ceptional service. In 2007, Chief Briscoe was selected Fireman of the Year by the North Carolina State Fireman’s Association and was also recognized by the North Carolina State Senate for his outstanding service to North Carolina and the City of Lenoir. Chief Briscoe has been recognized by this Congress on three separate occasions for his service to the people of Lenoir and the State of North Caro-lina. In 2011, Chief Briscoe was awarded the National Chief Fire Officer designation and was made a member of the Institution of Fire Engineers. Furthermore, Chief Briscoe has at-tained many certifications through the Inter-national Fire Service Accreditation Congress. Chief Briscoe was the first member of the North Carolina Association of Fire Chiefs to serve as President and Past President for two terms. As President of the North Carolina As-sociation of Fire Chiefs, he represented over 1,500 fire chiefs and 45,000 firefighters. Chief Briscoe has also served as the Vice-Chairman of the North Carolina Fire and Rescue Com-mission. In 2014, Chief Briscoe was aptly named Western North Carolina Fire Officer of the Year. Western North Carolina is proud to have such an accomplished and caring public servant. Chief Briscoe is married to his wife, Paula, and they have one son, Joe. Chief Briscoe’s long list of awards and ac-complishments does not paint the full-picture of the meaningful impact he has made on Caldwell County and the State of North Caro-lina. For his service to Western North Caro-lina, I am honored to express the gratitude and best wishes of the people of North Caro-lina to Chief Briscoe on his retirement. 
f 
HONORING CIVIL RIGHTS ICON ANNE MOODY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to honor the late Civil Rights icon, Anne Moody. Ms. Moody was a native of Centreville, Mis-sissippi, and was vital to the Civil Rights Movement in the state. While a student at Tougaloo College, she became heavily in-volved in organizations, such as Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), and Student Nonviolent Coordi-nating Committee (SNCC). In 1963, Moody became a pivotal figure in the Civil Rights Movement when newspapers featured a pho-tograph of her participation in a sit-in at Wool-worth’s lunch counter in Jackson, Mississippi. Ms. Moody is best remembered for her best- selling novel ‘Coming Age of Mississippi’ re-leased in 1968. During the last years of her life, Ms. Moody suffered from dementia. On February 5, 2015 at 74-years-old, she passed away. Today, we honor the life and legacy of Ms. Anne Moody and family. f 
MARCH 2, 1836—TEXAS INDEPENDENCE DAY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, independ-ence came to Texas differently than it did for the 13 colonies. Let me explain. Texas was a part of Spain for over 100 years when Mexico fought a successful revo-lution in 1820 against Spain to form a democ-racy, which included Texas. However, Santa Anna, the president of Mexico, declared him-self Dictator of Mexico and he abolished the Mexican constitution. This was unacceptable to people living in Texas—both Anglos and Tejanos (Texas-born Mexicans). Dissention against the government spread through Texas. War broke out in 1835 in the small town of Gonzales when a detachment from the Mexi-can army tried to take a cannon from the townspeople. The cannon was for protection against hostile Indian raids on the community. Shots rang out between the Mexican army and the armed townspeople. There were a few wounded on both sides, and neither side claimed victory. Skirmishes continued between both sides. The Texians, as they were called, drove out the Mexican army from the town of Bexar— now called San Antonio. A small Texian army of volunteers occupied the Alamo in February 1836 in Bexar, under the command of Lieuten-ant Colonel William Barratt Travis—a 27-year- old lawyer from South Carolina. Other Texian volunteers took the town of Goliad under Texian Colonel James Fannin. General Sam Houston was the commander of all Texian forces in the struggle for independence. Meanwhile, on March 2, 1836 (ironically Sam Houston’s birthdate), ‘‘officials’’—both Anglos and Tejanos—from Texas gathered in a place called Washington on the Brazos, and declared independence from the Dictatorship of Mexico. The Republic of Texas was born. However, the defenders in the Alamo fell on March 6, 1836, and Fannin was defeated and he and his men were executed by the Mexi-can army. General Sam Houston continued to rebuild a Texas army and marched east towards the marches of San Jacinto (near present day Houston, Texas). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.031 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE236 February 27, 2018 
On April 21, 1836 the Texas army surprised and met the vastly larger army of Santa Anna, and defeated it in a brutal, but short, 18- minute battle. Santa Anna was captured along with half of his army. The rest were casualties of the battle. The Texian losses were minimal. The Texas war for independence and free-dom was successful. Texas remained a Republic for nine years then was admitted to the Union in 1845, by the slim vote margin of one. The rest, they say, is Texas history. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JUDGE DANIEL HEATH 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Allen County Judge Daniel Heath and to congratulate him on his retire-ment. For years Judge Heath has been an in-tegral figure in our community. After grad-uating from what is now the Indiana University McKinney School of Law in Indianapolis, Judge Heath and his family returned to Fort Wayne, wherein he began his career in public service. Judge Heath took a job as a District Rep-resentative for then-Congressman Dan Coats. In this capacity, Judge Heath managed an outstanding constituent service operation that served the people of northeast Indiana. Judge Heath then served as Fort Wayne Mayor Paul Helmke’s Chief of Staff and Safety Director, before running for Congress in 1989. Though he was defeated in a close race, Judge Heath never stopped serving his community. In 1996, he was elected to the bench in Allen County. Having served in the Civil Division of the Allen Superior Court for 17 years, Judge Heath went on to serve in the family division in 2013. In this role, Judge Heath spear-headed many important initiatives in our com-munity, including the Juvenile Detention Alter-natives Initiative, a program designed to lower the number of young offenders incarcerated in Allen County, and BrightSteps, a program de-signed to enhance early childhood develop-ment. Allen County benefited greatly from Judge Heath’s dedication to the community, and we will miss his leadership. I wish him and his family the best in his retirement and future en-deavors. 
f 
RICHMOND POLICE DEPARTMENT HONORS DEDICATION OF EM-PLOYEES AND CITIZENS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the men and women honored by the Richmond Police Department at their an-nual awards banquet last month. The banquet honors dedicated employees and citizens committed to the mission of the Richmond Police Department. Each Division Commander picks someone from their division to honor. Officer James Williams was named 2017 Officer of the Year and Officer Vladimir Golovine was named 2017 Employee of the Year. The department awarded the Business Sponsor of the Year to The Church of Rosen-berg for outstanding support to the department during 2017. Josh Landry was honored as 2017 Citizen of the Year. Also receiving awards were Rookie of the Year Officer Ruben Robles, Top Gun Division Winner Offi-cer Robert Oliver, Co-Detective of the Year Detective John Dawson, Top Gun Division Winner and Overall Champion Sgt. Steven Rychlik, Co-Detective of the Year & Top Gun Division Winner Detective David Childs, Top Gun Division Winner Detective Andrew Runge and Telecommunicator of the Year Danell Gaydos. Our communities are safer thanks to strong police departments and the critical or-ganizations that support them. Thank you to each of these honorees. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Richmond Police Department honorees. I thank them for all they do to keep the Rich-mond community safe. f 
ASHLYNEE MIKE AMBER ALERT IN INDIAN COUNTRY ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise tocommend the United States Congress for taking the right step forward in helping combat the high numbers of children abduction and crime rates in Indian Country. As a former 911 operator, I know that the AMBER Alert program has led to the rescue of countless lives across the United States—but until now, access to this critical tool has been limited for our tribal communities. Mr. Speaker, the passage of this bill will give tribes across the United States the ability to respond quickly to child abductions and help ensure the public safety of their citizens. These precious young lives are no less valu-able than any others and they deserve to be protected. Last November, I introduced Savanna’s Act as a result of the disturbing increase in mur-dered and missing Native American women and girls. My bill is named in honor of Sa-vanna LaFontaine-Greywind, a 22-year-old pregnant member of the Spirit Lake Tribe who was tragically murdered. While I am hopeful that the institution of an AMBER alert program will help bring some much needed relief to this issue, we must do more to address the gap of information shar-ing between tribal, local, and federal law en-forcement agencies. My bill aims to do just that. Let’s keep the momentum going and finally bring full justice to our Native American neigh-bors. HONORING FANNIE’S NEST, INC. HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a group of innovators who have shown what can be done through hard work, dedication and a desire to serve their community, Fannie’s Nest, Inc. Fannie’s Nest, Inc. is a Mississippi based nonprofit organization and with its ministry in-corporated on January 22, 2016 by founders Pamela Scott Bracey, PhD and Darrell Scott, Jr. The founders along with several other cousins were interested in carrying out the legacy of ‘‘educated communities of Christian unity’’ instilled by their grandmother, the late Fannie Lee Jones Scott. Fannie was the mother of 12 children, and mother-like figure to several other children in the community of Yazoo City, Mississippi. She also served as a devoted choir leader of Tulane Missionary Baptist Church in Yazoo City for many years until her untimely passing to be with the Lord in 1996. As a charitable organization and ministry, Fannie’s Nest, Inc. vision is to exhibit a sin-cere hands-on Christian approach to encour-age the development of well-rounded youth that grow to make positive impacts in all areas of society. Their mission is to educate, em-power, and expose youth to a variety of stimu-lating experiences with the ultimate goal of nurturing them to soar beyond mediocrity, negative stereotypes, and unfavorable statis-tics. The organizers and members of Fannie’s Nest, Inc. are committed to designing and im-plementing innovative mentoring programs, conferences, and events that cater to youth in pursuit of aiding Mississippi students and com-munities to grow in the following areas: Edu-cational Scholarship, Career Development, Leadership, Service Learning, Financial Edu-cation, Physical Fitness, Self-Awareness, Cul-tural Awareness, Music Appreciation, and Communication. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Fannie’s Nest, Inc. for its dedi-cation and desire to serve others and giving back to the community. 
f 
HONORING CRECENCIO CRUZ PADILLA 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of a lifelong LULAC mem-ber and community activist of the Central Coast community, Crecencio Cruz Padilla. Born in Mexico City, Mr. Padilla arrived in Monterey County in 1953 and worked as a farmworker for Driscoll’s Berries. During the 1960’s, Castroville’s Head Start Program hired Mr. Padilla as a Community Liaison where he had an opportunity to work with farmworker families. Education was very important to Mr. Padilla, and he decided to take part-time classes at Hartnell College focusing on crimi-nal law. That experience led him to advocate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.035 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE237 February 27, 2018 
for community members accused of commit-ting crimes. Mr. Padilla went on to become an investigator at the Monterey County Public De-fender’s Office in 1974 where he worked until his retirement in 1997. Mr. Padilla was also a pioneering civil-rights activist in Monterey County. In 1972, he founded the North Monterey County Chapter of the League of United Latin American Citi-zens, a civil rights advocacy organization. Mr. Padilla, alongside Cesar Chavez, was also a strong supporter of the United Farm Workers in their fight for unionization. Mr. Padilla spent his life fighting to help those in the community of little means. In one account, Mr. Padilla demanded that the city of Salinas form a police review board after a string of officer involved incidents. Mr. Padilla also helped community members in generous ways that did not make headlines. He de-fended a countless number of people and was known to take in families he found without shelter at the courthouse. In 2012, the League of United Latin American Citizens, the La Raza Lawyers Association, and the Alisal Bet-terment Association dedicated a Lady Justice statue at the National Steinbeck Center in honor of Mr. Padilla’s work. Mr. Padilla’s leg-acy as a passionate advocate for his commu-nity will stand the test of time. Crecencio Padilla’s legacy is defined by his dedication to his family as well. His children remember him as ‘‘an amazing father and husband,’’ who gave love and support to all his family. He was a role model for his family and the Central Coast community. His legacy will live on in the memories of those of us who had the honor to know him. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the House join me in honoring Crecencio Padilla. 
f 
SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVOR BILL OF RIGHTS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, every six months, Amanda Nguyen begins her search for her rape kit. Despite being sexually assaulted, the bur-den to ensure it’s not destroyed lies on Aman-da—the victim. In her home state, there is a 15-year statute of limitations for prosecuting sexual assault crimes. But untested rape kits are only required to be stored for six months. Mr. Speaker, conflicting laws like this defy common sense. Because of stories like Amada’s, Congress passed a bill in 2016 that implements, on the federal level, a Sexual Assault Survivors Bill of Rights. This important legislation grants survivors the right to have a rape kit preserved for a full 20 years. It gives survivors the results of forensic exams and notification if an evidence kit is de-stroyed. Two years after passage, it’s clear that this legislation is needed now, more than ever. This week the House Judiciary Committee will be reviewing this imperative law. Ensuring it is implemented effectively and improves the experience of survivors as they fight for the justice they rightfully deserve. And that’s just the way it is. f 
HONORING THE MDWFP SPECIAL RESPONSE TEAM 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to honor the Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks’ Special Re-sponse Team led by Major Dale Bell. On July 11, 2017 at approximately 0700 hours, the Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks (MDWFP) Special Re-sponse Team (SRT), made up of 36 SRT members and seven conservation officers, were deployed to Leflore County, Mississippi, to assist the local Emergency Management Agency with the C130 Aircraft crash, where the lives of 16 servicemen were lost. After ar-riving to the Central Operation Center, MDWFP was assigned as the lead agency for the search and recovery of this mission. The SRT members had a daunting task of recov-ering the remains of four servicemen. But I am proud to say they recovered the remains of all 16 servicemen ensuring they would be flown home. Other responsibilities included, finding 50 missing weapons and providing daily super-vision to a large number of Marine members on the ground. The SRT team demonstrated resilience operating in 105-degree daily heat, while handling venomous snakes and infesta-tions of chiggers, ticks and mosquitoes. This tragic event was the largest aviation accident to happen in Mississippi and in the history of the United States Marine Corps. The MDWFP SRT’s role in the law enforcement community is very important. The skills, train-ing, dedication, and technology that they bring to deployments are second to none. Today, I am honored to recognize these brave public heroes for the hard work, dedica-tion and courage they exude each and every day protecting Mississippians. 
f 
FOSTER HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS VAR-SITY SWIM TEAM EARNS 5A SIL-VER MEDAL 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Foster High School Girls Var-sity Swim Team for earning a silver medal in the 200-yard freestyle. Kalissa Niles, Maddie Jacks, Sophie Gibson and Meagan Clark finished in second place with an impressive time of 1 minute and 39.47 seconds. Their accomplishments in the pool have made their families and the Richmond community proud. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations to the ladies of the Foster High School Girls Varsity Swim Team. Keep up the great work. IN RECOGNITION OF THE PASSING OF MR. JOHN PAGEL HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of the life and legacy of Kewaunee County native, Mr. John Pagel. Mr. Pagel was a successful businessman, a revered community leader, and, most impor-tantly, a beloved husband, father, and grand-father. He was taken too soon, but John leaves behind a proud and enduring legacy that lesser men could not hope to forge in a dozen lifetimes. While reflecting on John’s time with us, I turned to scripture and was reminded of him in one of my favorite verses. ‘‘And to make it your ambition to lead a quiet life: You should mind your own business and work with your hands, just as we told you, so that your daily life may win the respect of outsiders and so that you will not be dependent on anybody.’’ (1 Thessalonians 4: 11–12) A dairy farmer by trade, John’s passion for his family and community, entrepreneurial spir-it, and respect for nature brought him tremen-dous success in life. A towering figure in Wis-consin industry and a renowned public serv-ant, John never shed the humble hometown qualities that earned him respect and happi-ness from the start. Beloved by his family, community, and employees, good and honest men like John are hard to find and even hard-er to lose. John’s extraordinary memory will be cher-ished by countless people across Wisconsin and America. May his humility, decency, and uncompromising integrity be remembered and emulated by all who knew him. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to find the courage to take action and eradicate gun violence in America. While our children and families demand a vote on commonsense legislation to keep our communities safe, my Republican colleagues continue to turn their backs. Since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elemen-tary, the House has observed 42 moments of silence—tonight makes 43—to honor victims of gun violence, but no meaningful action has been taken to strengthen our gun laws. After every mass shooting we offer our thoughts and prayers to the victims, their families, and first responders. Our thoughts and prayers are not enough. A moment of silence is not enough. In the past decade, more than one million Americans have been shot. Every day, on av-erage at least 35 Americans are killed with a gun and nearly 33,000 die each year from gun-related violence. In my home state of Ohio, someone is killed with a gun every eight hours. This is unac-ceptable. There are no moments of silence on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.040 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE238 February 27, 2018 
the House Floor for these victims, and Con-gress is doing nothing to protect the next vic-tim. The White House and the National Rifle As-sociation claim mental illness is to blame for this latest tragedy at Marjory Stoneman Doug-las High School in Parkland, Florida, and that arming teachers will keep our children safe. Republicans cannot claim that mental illness is to blame, when they simultaneously cut fund-ing for mental health treatment, undermine American’s health insurance, and strip schools of resources needed to employ guidance counselors, social workers and/or more teach-ers to reduce class sizes and give students more individual attention. The NRA claims any sensible action to strengthen our gun laws is an attack on the 2nd Amendment and the rights of gun owners. Nothing could be further from the truth. Demo-crats and Republicans must work together on meaningful reform to keep guns out of the hands of criminals, domestic abusers, and in-dividuals in crisis. Recent polls show that 97 percent of gun owners approve of background checks for all gun purchases, including those made at gun shows and through private sales. According to the Pew Research Center, 33 percent of gun owners oppose the NRA’s prescription to make schools safer by arming teachers. As I’ve said before, all citizens have a right to basic safety and life itself. Our families should not fear the possible massacre of their children in school or on playgrounds. Every-one should be able to go to a concert or place of worship and not confront a shooter armed with high capacity ammunition magazines and a weapon of mass destruction. It is up to all of us to protect our communities, schools, workplaces, and places of worship from senseless gun violence. I have been encouraged by the courageous young people speaking out and taking action to effect change. I hope my Republican col-leagues are listening. Every day Congress fails to strengthen our gun laws, we are complicit in the violence that takes place in our nation. We can and must do more to end gun violence. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BILL HILLMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Bill Hillman of Shenandoah, Iowa on his selection as the 2017 Outstanding Individual Leader, awarded by the Iowa Tourism Office and Trav-el Federation of Iowa. Bill received this honor for his work with the Everly Brothers Child-hood Home, Wabash Trace Nature Trail and many other community activities. Bill has worked tirelessly in promoting eco-nomic development and tourism opportunities in Shenandoah and the surrounding commu-nities. Through Bill’s determination and dedi-cation, and with the use of his time and re-sources, he has had a direct impact on the economic future of Shenandoah. Mr. Speaker, Bill has made a difference by helping and serving his community. It is with great honor that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in honoring his ac-complishments and in wishing him nothing but continued success. f 
TRIBUTE TO CLAYTON SAEUGLING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Clayton Saeugling of Atlantic, Iowa, for receiving the American Future Farmers of America Degree Award. The American Future Farmers of America (FFA) Degree is the highest honor an FFA member can achieve. According to Eric Miller, FFA Advisor at the Atlantic High School, ‘‘less than one percent of the 653,359 FFA members will receive this prestigious award.’’ In earning this degree, Clayton had to earn and invest at least $10,000 through a super-vised agricultural program that he started, owned, and in which he held a professional position. He also had to complete 50 hours of community service, demonstrating his commu-nity commitment and leadership skills. FFA Advisor Eric Miller further added, ‘‘I am very proud of Clayton and all his hard work he has put into his project and his education.’’ Clayton said, ‘‘getting my American FFA Degree was a once in a lifetime experience that I am glad I could be a part of. All of the time and hard work that I have put into FFA was well worth it.’’ Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Clayton for earning this award and it is with great pride that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JEAN AND KENNETH POLSLEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jean and Kenneth Polsley of Blanchard, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on December 23, 2017. Jean and Kenneth’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. TRIBUTE TO NOLA AND WALT PRITCHARD HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Nola and Walt Pritchard of Clarinda, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on December 23, 2017. Nola and Walt’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 65th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them nothing but the best. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REV. RICHARD BLODGETT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Rev. Richard Blodgett of Council Bluffs, Iowa on his recent retirement as the Pastor of Emanuel Church of the Nazarene. Rev. Blodgett has served his congregation for over 31 years. Originally from Wisconsin, Rev. Blodgett and his family have made Council Bluffs their home for the past three decades. After high school, he studied to become a teacher and wrestling coach, but he said it just did not feel right. He entered Olivet Nazarene University in Bourbonnais, Illinois. After graduating, Rev. Blodgett began his work in Dubuque, Iowa be-fore answering the call to serve in Council Bluffs. Rev. Blodgett plans to stay active in the community by volunteering with his spiritual experience at Fox Run Assisted Living, Jean-nie Edmundson Hospital, and at the Iowa Share Food Program. Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate Rev. Blodgett for his 31 years of dedicated and devoted service to Emanuel Church of the Nazarene. He has made a difference by help-ing and serving others and it is with great pride that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating him on his retirement and in wishing him nothing but the best. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JACOB BAUDLER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jacob 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.045 E27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE239 February 27, 2018 
Baudler, of Fontanelle, Iowa for earning the American FFA Degree. Jacob was recently awarded this degree at the National FFA Con-vention in Indianapolis, Indiana. He was a member of the Nodaway Valley FFA Organi-zation and is the son of John and Darla Baudler. The American FFA Degree is awarded to members who have demonstrated the highest level of commitment to FFA and made signifi-cant accomplishments in their supervised agri-cultural experience. Jacob had to meet certain requirements, such as studying agriculture for three years in high school, earning money in an agriculture field and investing that money into their business, participation in community service and having a record of outstanding leadership ability and community involvement. The work toward this degree involved many years of hard work and dedication in agricul-tural pursuits. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Jacob in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to reach his goals. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jacob on receiving this esteemed designation and in wishing him the best of luck in all his future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BETTY AND RONALD CONLEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Betty and Ronald Conley of Mount Ayr, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on January 3, 2018. Betty and Ronald’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. f 
TRIBUTE TO CLEO HAWTHORNE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Cleo Hawthorne of Atlantic, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of celebrating his 105th birthday on December 31, 2017. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Cleo’s life. Since his birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism, and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Cleo has lived through nineteen United States Presidents and twenty- four Governors of Iowa. In his lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent Cleo in the United States Congress and I’m proud to recognize him today on this momen-tous occasion. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him and in wishing noth-ing but the best. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DARLENE AND DONALD WIMMER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Darlene and Donald Wimmer. They were awarded the 49th Annual Community Christmas Candle in December 2017 at the Afton Methodist Church. Service to their community and their church began over 70 years ago. Donald has served as a key leader at the Arispe Methodist Church for years and has served on the Food for Life committee. Darlene taught Bible and Sunday school for many years while Donald also outfitted his barn so Arispe kids had a place to play basketball. They have both also volunteered their time at Greater Regional Medical Center and with hospice. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Darlene and Donald for receiving this award and I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Darlene and Donald and in wishing them both nothing but the best. f 
TRIBUTE TO KARLA AND BILL LIVINGSTON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Karla and Bill Livingston on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary on December 30, 2017. Karla and Bill’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa val-ues. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.051 E27FEPT1
D197 Tuesday, February 27, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1223–S1255 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and six resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2453–2464, S.J. Res. 52, S. Res. 414–416, and S. Con. Res. 34–35. 
                                                                                    Pages S1243–44 
Measures Passed: National Speech and Debate Education Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 415, designating March 2, 2018, as ‘‘National Speech and Debate Education Day’’.
                                                                                Page S1254 
Career and Technical Education Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 416, supporting the goals and ideals of Career and Technical Education Month. 
                                                                                            Page S1254 
Authorizing the Use of Emancipation Hall: Sen-ate agreed to S. Con. Res. 35, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collectively to the members of the Office of Strategic Services.
                                              Pages S1254–55 
Appointments: Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appro-priations Process Reform: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate, pursuant to section 30442 of Public Law 115–123, appointed the following as Members of the Joint Se-lect Committee on Budget and Appropriations Proc-ess Reform: Senators Blunt, Perdue, Lankford, Ernst, Whitehouse, Bennet, Schatz, and Hirono.
    Page S1254 
Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiem-ployer Pension Plans: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate, pursu-ant to section 30442 of Public Law 115–123, ap-pointed the following as Members of the Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: Senators Hatch (Co-Chair), Alexander, Portman, Crapo, Brown (Co-Chair), Manchin, Heitkamp, and Smith.
                                            Page S1254 
Public Interest Declassification Board: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to Public Law 106–567, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001, appointed the following individual to serve as a member of the Public Inter-est Declassification Board: Alissa M. Starzak of the District of Columbia.                                              Page S1254 
Vought Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
                             Pages S1233–34 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 49 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 39), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S1233–34 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, all post-cloture time on the nomination expire at 4:30 p.m., on Wednesday, February 28, 2018, and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate.
             Page S1255 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 12:45 p.m., on Wednesday, February 28, 2018, and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and Leader remarks count post-cloture on the nomina-tion.
                                                                                  Page S1255 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: William Northey, of Iowa, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
                                                                          Page S1227 
By 73 yeas to 23 nays (Vote No. EX. 38), Eliza-beth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit.
        Pages S1223–33 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Charles P. Verdon, of California, to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs, National Nu-clear Security Administration. Theodore J. Garrish, of Maryland, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Energy (International Affairs). Amy Karpel, of Washington, to be a Member of the United States International Trade Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 16, 2020. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE8.REC D27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD198 February 27, 2018 
John Cary Bittick, of Georgia, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of Georgia for the term of four years. Thomas T. Cullen, of Virginia, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Virginia for the term of four years. Timothy A. Garrison, of Missouri, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri for the term of four years. Steven L. Gladden, of North Carolina, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of North Carolina for the term of four years. Nicola T. Hanna, of California, to be United States Attorney for the Central District of California for the term of four years. David C. Joseph, of Louisiana, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Louisiana for the term of four years. David L. Lyons, of Georgia, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Georgia for the term of four years. Rodney D. Ostermiller, of Montana, to be United States Marshal for the District of Montana for the term of four years. Kenji M. Price, of Hawaii, to be United States Attorney for the District of Hawaii for the term of four years. Paul R. Lawrence, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-retary for Benefits of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 5 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S1255 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Robert M. Weaver, of Oklahoma, to be Director of the Indian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services, for the term of four years, which was sent to the Senate on October 24, 2017. 
                                                                                            Page S1255 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1239 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1239 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S1239, S1254 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1239–42 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S1242–43 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1244–45 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1245–53 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1238–39 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1254 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—39)
                                              Pages S1233, S1233–34 Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:26 p.m., until 12:45 p.m. on Wednes-day, February 28, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1255.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported 1,288 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram, after receiving testimony from Admiral Mi-chael S. Rogers, USN, Commander, United States Cyber Command/Director, National Security Agen-cy/Chief, Central Security Services, Department of Defense. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Kevin Ed-ward Moley, of Arizona, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (International Organization Affairs), Jose-phine Olsen, of Maryland, to be Director of the Peace Corps, Erik Bethel, of Florida, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the Inter-national Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and Sean Cairncross, of Minnesota, to be Chief Exec-utive Officer, Millennium Challenge Corporation, who was introduced by Senator Cornyn, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. OPIOID CRISIS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the opioid crisis, focusing on the role of technology and data in preventing and treating addiction, after re-ceiving testimony from Snezana Mahon, Express Scripts, Inc., St. Louis, Missouri; Sherry L. Green, National Alliance for Model State Drug Laws, Santa Fe, New Mexico; H. Westley Clark, Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, California; and Sanket J. Shah, University of Illinois, Chicago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE8.REC D27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D199 February 27, 2018 
INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 33 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5099–5131; and 12 resolutions, H.J. Res. 129–130; H. Con. Res.108–110; and H. Res. 752–758 were introduced.
                            Pages H1332–34 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1335–36 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 146, to take certain Federal lands in Ten-nessee into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–584). Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mitchell to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1269 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:49 a.m. and re-convened at 11 a.m.
                                                 Page H1274 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Chaplain Robert Vick, American Legion National Chaplain, New Port Richey, FL. 
                                                                                    Pages H1274–75 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday, March 1st and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourns to meet at 12 noon on Monday, March 5th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                Pages H1277, H1332 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:28 p.m. and re-convened at 1:07 p.m.
                                            Page H1286 
Question of Privilege: Representative Thompson (CA) rose to a question of the privileges of the House and submitted a resolution. The Chair ruled that the resolution did not present a question of the privileges of the House. Subsequently, Representa-tive Thompson (CA) appealed the ruling of the chair and Representative Burgess moved to table the ap-peal. Agreed to the motion to table the appeal of the ruling of the Chair by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 83.
                  Pages H1286–87 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collectively to the members of the Office of Strategic Services: The House agreed to dis-charge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 106, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collectively to the members of the Office of Strategic Services.                                                                          Page H1290 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Amending the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mortgage disclosures: H.R. 5078, amended, to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mortgage disclosures.
                                                                    Page H1306 
Placing requirements on operational risk capital requirements for banking organizations estab-lished by an appropriate Federal banking agen-cy: The House passed H.R. 4296, to place require-ments on operational risk capital requirements for banking organizations established by an appropriate Federal banking agency, by a yea-and-nay vote of 245 yeas to 169 nays, Roll No. 89. 
                                            Pages H1280–86, H1289–90, H1308–17 
Rejected the Maxine Waters (CA) motion to re-commit the bill to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and- nay vote of 185 yeas to 228 nays, Roll No. 88. 
                                                                                    Pages H1314–16 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–60, modified by the amend-ment printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–582, shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the bill.
                                                                           Pages H1280–81 
H. Res. 747, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4296) and (H.R. 4607) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 230 ayes to 177 noes, Roll No. 87, after the previous question ordered by a yea- and-nay vote of 227 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 86. 
                                                                                    Pages H1289–90 
Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act: The House passed H.R. 1865, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE8.REC D27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD200 February 27, 2018 
that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of inter-active computer services of Federal and State crimi-nal and civil law relating to sexual exploitation of children or sex trafficking, by a recorded vote of 388 ayes to 25 noes, Roll No. 91. 
                                      Pages H1277–80, H1287–H1308, H1317–19 
Pursuant to the Rule, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                    Pages H1277–80 
Agreed to: Goodlatte amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–583) that makes technical changes to the bill, adds ‘‘attempt’’ language that had been inadvertently omitted, clarifies that only sex trafficking victims may recover restitution, and permits the existing af-firmative defense to be raised in cases where a de-fendant is being prosecuted under subsection 2421A(b)(1);
                                                        Pages H1301–02 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 115–583) that requests GAO study of: (1) civil damages claimed and awarded in civil actions where the claimant alleges the defendant promoted or facilitated the prostitution of five or more people, or acted in reckless disregard of the fact that their conduct contributed to sex trafficking, filed pursuant to 18 USC 2421A(c); and (2) mandatory restitution requested and orders imposed by courts where a de-fendant is convicted of using or operating a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce with in-tent to promote or facilitate the prostitution of an-other, promoted or facilitated the prostitution of five or more people, or acted in reckless disregard of the fact that their conduct contributed to sex trafficking, pursuant to 18 USC 2421A(d); and
        Pages H1304–05 
Mimi Walters (CA) amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–583) that allows enforcement of criminal and civil sex trafficking laws against websites that knowingly facilitate online sex traf-ficking (by a recorded vote of 308 ayes to 107 noes, Roll No. 90).
                                   Pages H1302–04, H1317–18 
H. Res. 748, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1865) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 235 ayes to 175 noes, Roll No. 85, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 84.
   Pages H1287–89 
Discharge Petition: Representative Thompson (CA) presented to the clerk a motion to discharge the Committee on the Judiciary from the consideration of H.R. 3464, to prohibit firearms dealers from sell-ing a firearm prior to the completion of a back-ground check (Discharge Petition No. 7).
    Page H1285 Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H1286. Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes and four recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1287, H1287–88, H1288–89, H1289, H1289–90, H1316, H1316–17, H1317–18, H1318–19. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:02 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a busi-ness meeting to consider the Budget Views and Esti-mates Letter of the Committee on Agriculture for the Agencies and Programs under the Jurisdiction of the Committee for Fiscal Year 2019. The Budget Views and Estimates were adopted, without amend-ment. TERRORISM AND IRAN: DEFENSE CHALLENGES IN THE MIDDLE EAST Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Terrorism and Iran: Defense Chal-lenges in the Middle East’’. Testimony was heard from General Joseph L. Votel, Commander, U.S. Central Command. CBO OVERSIGHT: THE ROLE OF BEHAVIORAL MODELING IN SCORING AND BASELINE CONSTRUCTION Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘CBO Oversight: The Role of Behav-ioral Modeling in Scoring and Baseline Construc-tion’’. Testimony was heard from the following Con-gressional Budget Office officials: Keith Hall, Direc-tor; Jessica Banthin, Deputy Assistant Director for Health, Retirement, and Long-Term Analysis; and Jeffrey Kling, Associate Director for Economic Anal-ysis. A MORE EFFECTIVE AND COLLABORATIVE OSHA: A VIEW FROM STAKEHOLDERS Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Workforce Protections held a hearing entitled ‘‘A More Effective and Collaborative OSHA: A View from Stakeholders’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. STATE OF THE NATION’S ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘State of the Nation’s Energy Infrastructure’’. Testimony was heard from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE8.REC D27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D201 February 27, 2018 
Gary McCarthy, Mayor, Schenectady, New York; and public witnesses. MONETARY POLICY AND THE STATE OF THE ECONOMY Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’. Testimony was heard from Jerome H. Powell, Chairman, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. WOMEN’S ROLE IN COUNTERING TERRORISM Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Women’s Role in Countering Terrorism’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE PUBLIC FACE OF TSA: EXAMINING THE AGENCY’S OUTREACH AND TRAVELER ENGAGEMENT EFFORTS Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Public Face of TSA: Examining the Agency’s Outreach and Traveler Engagement Ef-forts’’. Testimony was heard from Christine Griggs, Acting Assistant Administrator, Civil Rights and Liberties, Ombudsman and Traveler Engagement, Transportation Security Administration, Department of Homeland Security; Stacey Fitzmaurice, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Security Oper-ations, Transportation Security Administration, De-partment of Homeland Security; and a public wit-ness. DOING BUSINESS WITH DHS: INDUSTRY RECOMMENDATIONS TO IMPROVE CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE VETTING Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Doing Business with DHS: Industry Rec-ommendations to Improve Contractor Employee Vet-ting’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a business meeting on Committee Resolution 115–6, Views and Estimates for Fiscal Year 2019; Committee Resolution 115–7, Changes to the Con-gressional Member Handbook; and Committee Reso-lution 115–8, Changes to the Congressional Com-mittee Handbook. Committee Resolutions 115–6, 115–7, and 115–8 were adopted, without amend-ment. IMPLEMENTATION OF THE SURVIVORS’ BILL OF RIGHTS ACT Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Sur-vivors’ Bill of Rights Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. COMPETITION IN THE PHARMACEUTICAL SUPPLY CHAIN: THE PROPOSED MERGER OF CVS HEALTH AND AETNA Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Competition in the Pharma-ceutical Supply Chain: the Proposed Merger of CVS Health and Aetna’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 2947, the ‘‘Strengthening Coastal Communities Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4880, to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chaffee Coastal Barrier Resources System Units in Delaware. Testimony was heard from Gary Frazer, Assistant Director for Ecological Services, Fish and Wildlife Service; Philip Griffitts, Commissioner, Bay County Board of County Com-missioners, Panama City, Florida; and a public wit-ness. LIQUIFIED NATURAL GAS AND U.S. GEOPOLITICS Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Liquified Natural Gas and U.S. Geopolitics’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. FEDERALISM IMPLICATIONS OF TREATING STATES AS STAKEHOLDERS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Federalism Im-plications of Treating States as Stakeholders’’. Testi-mony was heard from Gary Richard Herbert, Gov-ernor, Utah; Susana Martinez, Governor, New Mex-ico; and Clement Leroy Otter, Governor, Idaho. A REVIEW OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND MISCONDUCT IN SCIENCE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘A Review of Sexual Harassment and Misconduct in Science’’. Testimony was heard from Rhonda Davis, Head, Office of Diversity and Inclu-sion, National Science Foundation; and public wit-nesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE8.REC D27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD202 February 27, 2018 
OCCUPATIONAL HAZARDS: HOW EXCESSIVE LICENSING HURTS SMALL BUSINESS Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Occupational Hazards: How Excessive Licensing Hurts Small Business’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. HOW RED TAPE AFFECTS COMMUNITY BANKS AND CREDIT UNIONS: A GAO REPORT Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘How Red Tape Affects Community Banks and Credit Unions: A GAO Report’’. Testi-mony was heard from Michael Clements, Director, Financial Markets and Community Investment, Gov-ernment Accountability Office. THE STATE OF AVIATION SAFETY Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Aviation held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Aviation Safety’’. Testimony was heard from Ali Bahrami, Associate Administrator for Aviation Safety, Federal Aviation Administration; Akbar Sul-tan, Deputy Director of Airspace Operations and Safety Programs, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; John DeLisi, Director, Office of Aviation Safety, National Transportation Safety Board; Matthew Hampton, Assistant Inspector Gen-eral for Aviation Audits, Office of the Inspector General, Department of Transportation; and a public witness. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a business meeting on the Adoption of Ways and Means Committee Views and Estimates on the Fiscal Year 2019 Federal Budget. The Budget Views and Estimates were adopted, without amendment. 
Joint Meetings 
DAV LEGISLATIVE PRESENTATION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs concluded a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans, after receiving testimony from Delphine Metcalf-Foster, Disabled American Veterans, Vallejo, California. NEW PUBLIC LAWS (For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D193) 
S. 96, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. Signed on February 26, 2018. (Public Law 115–129) COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 1520, to expand recreational fishing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and the nominations of Joseph Simons, of Virginia, Noah Joshua Phillips, of Maryland, Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, and Rohit Chopra, of New York, each to be a Federal Trade Com-missioner, and Jeffrey DeWit, of Arizona, to be Chief Fi-nancial Officer, National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, 10 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water and Power, to hold hearings to examine S. 1142, to extend the deadline for commencement of con-struction of certain hydroelectric projects, S. 1556, to au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior to use designated funding to pay for construction of authorized rural water projects, S. 2074, to establish a procedure for the convey-ance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, S. 2166, to maintain annual base funding for the Upper Colorado and San Juan fish recovery programs through fiscal year 2023, to require a report on the implementation of those pro-grams, and H.R. 2786, to amend the Federal Power Act with respect to the criteria and process to qualify as a qualifying conduit hydropower facility, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 2434, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize user fee programs relating to new animal drugs and generic new animal drugs, S. 292, to maximize discovery, and accel-erate development and availability, of promising child-hood cancer treatments, S. 2278, to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas, and S. 1091, to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grand-children, 9:45 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider H.R. 2825, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain improve-ments in the laws administered by the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the nomination of Michael K. Atkinson, of Maryland, to be Inspector General of the In-telligence Community, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE8.REC D27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D203 February 27, 2018 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of The American Legion, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Combating the Opioid Crisis: Helping Communities Balance Enforcement and Patient Safety’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Zimbabwe After Mugabe’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 1992, the ‘‘Camp Nelson Herit-age Park Study Act’’; H.R. 3008, the ‘‘George W. Bush Childhood Home Study Act’’; H.R. 4731, to extend the retained use estate for the Caneel Bay resort in St. John, United States Virgin Islands, and for other purposes; and H.R. 5005, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to con-duct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of The American Legion, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine seeking justice for and securing the legacy of Boris Nemtsov, 3:30 p.m., SD–138. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE8.REC D27FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD204 February 27, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12:45 p.m., Wednesday, February 28 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 4:30 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Russell Vought, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 1:30 p.m., Thursday, March 1 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 1:30 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Banks, Jim, Ind., E236 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E226 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E232 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E225, E226, E227 Chu, Judy, Calif., E227 Cook, Paul, Calif., E232 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E231 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E225 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E225 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E232 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E225 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E237 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E237 Graves, Sam, Mo., E231 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E233 Holding, George, N.C., E229 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E230 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E229 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E235 Olson, Pete, Tex., E225, E230, E231, E231, E232, E233, E236, E237 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E236 Poe, Ted, Tex., E226, E230, E231, E233, E234, E235, E237 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E228 Sarbanes, John P., Md., E225 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E227 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E228 Shimkus, John, Ill., E234 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E229, E231 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E235 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E226, E230, E234, E235, E236, E237 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E236 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E229 Young, David, Iowa, E238, E238, E238, E238, E238, E238, E239, E239, E239, E239 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27FE8.REC D27FEPT1