Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S445 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 2018 No. 16 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Thursday, January 25, 2018, at 4 p.m. 
Senate 
TUESDAY , JANUARY 23, 2018 
The Senate met at 12:02 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, the fountain of wis-dom, thank You for hearing and an-swering our prayers. Lord, You have given us so much, blessing us in immeasurable ways. You have exceeded our own expectations. For that, God, we are grateful. We thank You for this great country, for our leadership, and for the women and men who serve in this body. Help them to remember, God, that this is Your country and they are Your stewards but for a moment in time. We pray that You will help us move forward with faith in tomorrow, knowing You will transform our thoughts, words, and actions according to Your divine will. We pray in Your heavenly Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
MARSHALL COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL SHOOTING Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, first, this morning began with reports of the tragedy at Marshall County High School in Benton, KY. State officials have reported at least one confirmed death and several injuries. My staff in Western Kentucky is at the high school and is in close contact with local offi-cials. They are monitoring the situa-tion and will be providing me with up-dates throughout the day. I know I speak for communities across my home State in sending pray-ers of comfort and healing to students, faculty, and everyone affected by this violence. Our hearts are with the entire community in Marshall County, and our gratitude is with the first respond-ers who rushed into harm’s way. 
f 
A FRESH START Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we might call today the ‘‘first day of the rest of the 115th Congress.’’ Yesterday, an overwhelming bipartisan majority of Senators voted to end a filibuster of government funding and conclude a short-lived shutdown of the Federal Government. This regrettable episode reminded all of us that, in the Senate, brinksmanship and hostage-taking simply do not work. The only path to meaningful progress is the hard work of crafting legislation and persuading colleagues on both sides to support it. Yesterday evening our agreement to reopen the government, secure funding for our men and women in uniform, ex-tend health insurance for vulnerable children, and further delay three ObamaCare taxes was signed into law. Now serious negotiations can resume on key issues such as immigration and border security, disaster relief, healthcare, and providing adequate lev-els of defense spending to support the new national defense strategy—just to name a few. Because common sense and bipartisanship won out yesterday, we have a fresh start today. I challenge every one of us to make the most of it. The American people are watching. Once again, I want to thank the bi-partisan group of Senators—spear-headed by Senator GRAHAM , Senator C
OLLINS , Senator F LAKE , and several of our Democratic colleagues—who helped bring an end to this regrettable inci-dent. I particularly wish to thank Sen-ate Finance Committee Chairman O
RRIN HATCH for his powerful advocacy for the 9 million children and low-in-come families who rely on the State Children’s Health Insurance Program. Senator H
ATCH co-created SCHIP with Senator Ted Kennedy on a bipar-tisan basis more than 20 years ago. I know he counts this program among his proudest legislative accomplish-ments, and with a career like Senator H
ATCH ’s, that is really saying some-thing. I understand the 6-year SCHIP exten-sion the Senate passed yesterday will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.000 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES446 January 23, 2018 
be the longest extension in the pro-gram’s history. Its passage offers just one more testament, as if we needed one, to Senator H
ATCH ’s moral convic-tion, political skill, and care for the most vulnerable in our society. It re-minds us how much we will miss his work when he retires at the end of this Congress. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, we have a long list of legislative priorities to tackle in the coming weeks, but legislation is not the only bipartisan business that the Senate needs to handle. Yesterday afternoon I filed cloture on three nomi-nees to fill important positions in the administration: Alex Azar, to serve as Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices; Sam Brownback, to serve as Am-bassador at Large for International Re-ligious Freedom; and Jerome Powell, to serve as Chairman of the Federal Reserve. Today the Senate is considering the nomination of Mr. Powell, who brings with him degrees from Princeton and Georgetown and a record of high achievement in both the public and pri-vate sectors. Since his nomination to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in 2011, which received strong, bipartisan support, he has served as a steady voice and a thought-ful leader. I very much look forward to supporting his confirmation as Chair-man. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, while the press was focused on the unfortunate lapse in government funding, the good news about last month’s historic tax reform law continued to pile up. The number of Americans preparing to receive pay raises, special bonuses, and other bene-fits, thanks to the historic tax cuts passed last month, continues to grow. These are just the first fruits of a law that also lays a long-term foundation for better job opportunities, higher wages, and more investment. On this subject, here is something that not many have realized yet. Even the Democrats’ government shutdown couldn’t keep this Congress from find-ing new ways to cut taxes and let the American people keep more of their hard-earned money. Included in yester-day’s bipartisan bill was an additional $31 billion in tax cuts. Specifically, we delayed three onerous taxes that were created as part of ObamaCare. Last year, as part of comprehensive tax reform, we repealed the unfair indi-vidual mandate tax at the heart of ObamaCare. Now we have taken care of three more. One was ObamaCare’s deeply unpopular tax on medical de-vices. Another was the so-called ‘‘Cad-illac tax,’’ which Senator H
ELLER of Nevada has worked hard to delay. That tax penalizes employers who offer gen-erous benefits. The third, simply called the ‘‘health insurance tax,’’ makes plans more expensive. All three of these taxes are unpopu-lar. All are key pieces of the failing ObamaCare health law. Now, because this Congress is so intent on saving the American people money, all three of them will be delayed. Personally, I liked the way the New York Times put it. Their headline read: ‘‘There’s a Surprise in the Government Funding Bill: More Tax Cuts.’’ Here is the story’s first line: ‘‘Con-gress is apparently not done cutting taxes, even after passing a $1.5 trillion tax overhaul last year.’’ I couldn’t say it better than the New York Times. The Senate is never done looking for new ways to take money out of Wash-ington’s pocket and to put it back in the pockets of the American people. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Jerome H. Pow-ell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System for a term of four years. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
DACA , CHIP, AND OTHER ISSUES BEFORE THE  
SENATE  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, yes-terday the Senate passed a continuing resolution to reopen the government and provide for a 6-year reauthoriza-tion of the Children’s Health Insurance Program. The majority leader and I were also able to agree on a path for-ward for the DACA legislation. The continuing resolution extends govern-ment funding until February 8. If an agreement on DACA isn’t reached by February 8, the Senate will immediately proceed to immigration under a neutral process that is fair to all sides. This is the first guarantee that the Republican majority will give the DACA bill a fair consideration and an up-or-down vote on the floor, and it means we can hopefully resolve the fate of the Dreamers much sooner than the March 5 deadline. The Republican majority now has 16 days to work with us to write a bill that can get 60 votes and prevent the Dreamers from being deported. The clock is ticking. Sixteen days—that is not much time. They have to get mov-ing. Leader MCCONNELL , his Republican colleagues, and all of us should hear the countdown clock ticking to protect the 800,000 Dreamers from deportation. We can get it done. Every Democrat— all 49 of us—supports DACA. Now the pressure is on Leader M
CCONNELL and the Republican moderate caucus to help find us a solution that protects the 800,000 Dreamers and can pass the Senate. Over the weekend, a bipartisan group of Senate moderates came together and helped renew the urgency of the immi-gration debate. After talking with Sen-ator D
URBIN , it is my understanding that this bipartisan group, which in-cludes several Republican moderates, expressed a sincere desire to protect the Dreamers in the upcoming legisla-tion—more so than before the weekend. Leader M
CCONNELL ’s promise to con-sider DACA legislation was made just as much to this bipartisan group as it was made to me. If he does not honor our agreement, it will be a breach of trust with not only the Democratic Senators but with several Members of his own party as well. Democrats will continue to fight as hard as ever for the Dreamers, but I am more hopeful today than last week that we can assemble 60 votes for a DACA bill in the Senate, and we now have a real pathway to get such a bill through the Senate. I am also very glad that a 6-year re-authorization of CHIP passed alongside yesterday’s bill to reopen the govern-ment. It was a long time coming. De-spite bipartisan majorities that sup-port CHIP in both Houses, the Repub-lican majority allowed CHIP to expire, leaving 9 million sick children in the lurch. That shameful wrong has been made right, but we should extend CHIP for an even longer period of time. The CBO projected that 10 years of CHIP or a permanent authorization would actu-ally save the government $6 billion. How could that be? Because fewer chil-dren will go into the exchange and fewer will need subsidies because CHIP is an efficient, well-run, and successful program. So it is a no-brainer. We should make it happen. Still, the Senate has 3 weeks in which to conclude a lot of work. A con-sensus has not yet been found on the budget, on healthcare legislation, on disaster aid, and, as I mentioned, on immigration. On each of these issues, the President has been either impos-sible to pin down or completely absent. This hooey that President Trump was involved in the negotiations—he was pretty invisible to me. President Trump’s inability to negotiate with Congress is what caused the 3-day gov-ernment shutdown from which we have just emerged. If we are going to get all of these things done, the Senate—the Senate—will have to work its will. On the budget, we must lift the spending caps for defense and urgent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.001 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S447 January 23, 2018 
domestic priorities. Just as our mili-tary needs the resources it requires to do the tough job we ask of them, we have critical issues here at home. It is equally crucial to us—not more, not less—that we deal with the opioid crisis, where so many men and women, young men and young women in the flower of their lives, are passing on be-cause of addiction. There is not enough enforcement at the borders, particu-larly preventing the evil fentanyl from coming in, and not enough treatment, so that when a young person, whether it is a veteran or anybody else, has this horrible addiction, they get the treat-ment to overcome it. Veterans. They have to wait so long in line, many of them with PTSD, for opioid treatment and treatment for other ailments. They shouldn’t have to. They weren’t waiting in line when they were in Afghanistan or Iraq fight-ing for us. Pensions. The heartland of America for decades has been our industrial complexes, our industrial might in our States, our Central States. Every week, every month these men and women put money into their pension plans, and now, because of the vicissi-tudes of the stock market and manage-ment, that money ain’t there. It is our job through the PBGC to give them the pensions they deserve. No one is going to get rich on a pension, but at least they can retire in a life with some dig-nity. On top of that, we must get a healthcare package done. The bill as proposed by B
ILLNELSON and S USAN  C
OLLINS on reinsurance, the bill as pro-posed by P
ATTY MURRAY and L AMAR  A
LEXANDER on CSRs, as well as com-munity health centers, the extenders that help so many of our rural hos-pitals, and other healthcare issues have to get done. We must pass a disaster relief pack-age. Many of our States need help, just as New York needed help several years ago when we didn’t get all the support we wanted from the very States that are now asking us for money. And, of course, we must finally pass a bill to protect the Dreamers. The American people are clamoring for our two parties to work together to get things done. After a year of par-tisanship and strife, during which the governing majority hardly attempted to compromise, we now must move for-ward in a bipartisan way if we are going to finish the task at hand on the budget, on healthcare, on disaster aid, and on DACA. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:30 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask to be recognized to speak in opposition to Governor Powell’s nomination to serve as Chair of the Federal Reserve Bank. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is recognized. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I am concerned that as Chair of the Fed, Governor Powell will roll back critical rules that help guard against another financial crisis, and that is simply a risk we cannot afford. While big banks have bounced back from the 2008 financial crisis and are posting record profits, many American families are still trying to rebuild their lives 10 years later. Yet Governor Pow-ell seems to think that the No. 1 prob-lem with our current financial system is that we are too hard on the banks. In his confirmation hearing, he said that he would ‘‘continue to consider appro-priate ways to ease regulatory bur-dens.’’ When I asked him if there were a single financial rule he thought should be stronger—just a single provi-sion in one of the Fed’s dozens of rules where there might be an unintended loophole or where an innovative prod-uct has introduced a new risk into the system—he couldn’t name a single one. Not one. In my questions for the record, I also asked Governor Powell about a report that the Treasury Department put out last June. This report was really just a cut-and-paste job of the banking lobby-ists’ wish lists for rule rollbacks. Gov-ernor Powell could not identify any recommendations in that report that he disagreed with. Again, not a single one. That is not all. At Governor Powell’s confirmation hearing, when my Repub-lican colleague Senator KENNEDY asked him about whether there are any insti-tutions today that are too big to fail, Governor Powell said: ‘‘I would say no to that.’’ Governor Powell expanded on that statement in his answers to my written questions, saying that ‘‘we have made enough progress that the failure of one of our most systemically important financial institutions, while undoubtedly posing a severe shock to the economy, could more likely than not be resolved without critically un-dermining the financial stability of the United States.’’ First of all, that is an incredibly nar-row definition of what too big to fail means. But second of all, and more im-portantly, Governor Powell’s view is out of step with the mainstream of se-rious experts. Giant institutions still have the ability to blow up our econ-omy, and that is the biggest problem facing the Fed and other regulators. I am deeply concerned that as soon as Governor Powell unpacks his boxes in the Chairman’s office, he will begin weakening the new rules that Congress and the Fed had put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, and he will have help. Right down the hall will be his close friend, Randal Quarles, the Fed’s new Vice Chair for Supervision. Gov-ernor Powell told me when we met that he intended to rely a lot on Vice Chair Quarles on regulatory issues. That is a really dangerous prospect. Before coming to the Fed, Vice Chair Quarles spent more than a decade in private equity, where he made his mark arguing for weaker rules on big banks—and he has gotten a running start now that he is in the Fed. In a speech a few weeks ago at his old pri-vate equity firm, Quarles announced that he was working on reducing cap-ital standards for Wall Street banks, weakening the Volcker rule, and mak-ing stress tests easier for big banks to pass. In other words, he has already set up his to-do list to gut measures put in place after the financial crisis that are there to try to keep our economy safer. So Governor Powell says that he will take his cues from a guy who wants to get rid of as many rules as he can and take the teeth out of the rules that he can’t. No thank you. That will make American families less safe. It will make the American economy less safe. To make matters worse, Powell’s gifts to the giant banks will come at a time when banks of all sizes made gi-gantic profits last year and got giant tax giveaways in the bill that was passed in December. Good grief, when will enough be enough for these guys? But even with the banks rolling in money, the army of lobbyists and ex-ecutives have come back, storming Capitol Hill and the halls of the Fed, spinning a story that financial rules are throttling them and need to be cut back. We need a Fed Chair who can stand up to Wall Street and think about the needs of working families in this coun-try. We need someone who believes in the toughest rules for banks, not in weaker rules for banks. That person is not Governor Powell. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the Powell nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.002 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES448 January 23, 2018 
move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a term of four years. Mitch McConnell, John Boozman, Jerry Moran, Marco Rubio, Deb Fischer, John Barrasso, Richard Burr, Ben Sasse, Richard C. Shelby, Cory Gard-ner, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, Shel-ley Moore Capito, John Hoeven, Dan Sullivan, Rob Portman, John Thune. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call is waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT), and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 84, nays 12, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 18 Ex.] YEAS—84 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—12 
Blumenthal Booker Cruz Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Lee Markey Merkley Paul Sanders Warren 
NOT VOTING—4 
Corker McCain Scott Tillis 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 84, the nays are 12. The motion is agreed to. The senior Senator from the State of South Dakota. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, at 5 p.m., all postcloture time be considered expired and the Senate vote on confirmation of the Powell nomination; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the Azar nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT AND TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I am glad that Democrats decided that they needed to reopen the government. The political theater they engaged in over the weekend endangered funding for our military, threatened the future of the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, and created uncertainty about important government services, from programs for veterans, to worker and product safety, to public health. And for what? For politics. Democrats were feeling pressure from certain interest groups within their party, and so they decided to use the government funding bill to take a stand on an unrelated il-legal immigration issue. It didn’t mat-ter that Republicans had already ex-pressed an interest in working on an immigration bill with Democrats or that the deadline for such a bill was not imminent. No, Democrats weren’t getting the bill that they and their in-terest groups wanted, when they want-ed it, so they decided to jeopardize the operation of the entire government. Unfortunately, obstructing for polit-ical reasons has been the Democrats’ modus operandi so far this Congress. Democrats were supposedly fervent ad-vocates of extending the Children’s Health Insurance Program, but they chose to obstruct the substantial 6- year extension of CHIP included in the government funding bill because they wanted to make a political point. On Presidential nominees, they have ob-structed and obstructed again, even when they planned to eventually sup-port the nominee. And of course I don’t need to remind anyone of Democrats’ refusal to accept Republicans’ offer to work together on tax reform—this, of course, despite the fact that Democrats had previously called for tax reform and supported many of the proposals that were included in the law. Obviously, there are going to be dis-agreements in politics, sometimes very serious ones. Sometimes opposing leg-islation is absolutely the right thing to do, but opposing legislation because you have a serious disagreement with it and opposing legislation for political reasons are two very different things. But unfortunately, since their defeat in the 2016 elections, Democrats have spent a lot of time doing the latter. That is irresponsible, it is short-sighted, and it is a disservice to their constituents. Democrats are missing the chance to help deliver major bene-fits for the American people. That tax reform legislation Demo-crats fiercely decried despite their pre-vious support for many of the included proposals, well, that legislation, which has been the law of the land for barely a month, is already delivering big ben-efits for the American people. More than 200 companies have announced wage hikes, 401(k) increases, and/or bo-nuses. The Nation’s largest private em-ployer, Walmart, announced an in-crease in its starting wage for hourly employees and bonuses for eligible em-ployees. It also announced expanded maternity and parental leave benefits and the creation of a new adoption ben-efit for their employees. More than 1 million Walmart employees will ben-efit from the changes. Tech giant Apple announced last week that thanks to tax reform, it will bring home almost $250 billion in cash that it has been keeping overseas and invest it here in the United States. It also announced that it will create 20,000 new jobs and provide $2,500 stock bonuses to employees. The list goes on—better retirement benefits at Aflac; increased capital in-vestment and bonuses at AT&T; bo-nuses at PNC; increased investment in infrastructure and facilities at Boeing; a hike in starting wages at Capital One; new jobs, bonuses, and investment from Fiat Chrysler; bonuses at South-west, JetBlue, and American Airlines; better retirement benefits at Visa; and the list goes on and on. There are the utility companies that are seeking ap-proval from the regulators to pass sav-ings on to consumers. These benefits are going to make a real difference in families’ lives this year and, in some cases, well into the future. The main benefits of tax reform are still to come. The IRS has released the new withholding tables for the tax law, and Americans should start seeing the results in February. Thanks to lower income tax rates and the near doubling of the standard deduction, 90 percent of American workers should see bigger paychecks starting next month. On top of that, the doubling of the child tax credit will mean even greater tax relief for hard-working parents, and that is just the beginning. One major goal of tax reform was to provide immediate, direct relief to hard-working Americans, and that is happening right now. But our other goal was to create the kind of robust, long-term economic growth that would provide long-term security for Amer-ican families. That is already starting with the wave of wage increases and bonuses, but there is a lot more to come. As businesses large and small ex-perience the benefits of tax reform, American workers will see increased access to the kinds of jobs, wages, and opportunities that will secure their American dream for the long term. I am proud that we passed tax re-form, and I am very excited about the benefits that it is already delivering for American families and American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.006 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S449 January 23, 2018 
workers. We have a lot more to accom-plish this year, from improving our Na-tion’s infrastructure to strengthening our military, to border security. I hope yesterday’s vote to end the shutdown is a sign that the Democrats are ready to stop obstructing. We can get a lot more done for the American people when we are working together. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, today, we consider the nomination of Federal Reserve Board Governor Jerome Powell to be Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, one of the most important jobs in our govern-ment. The Federal Reserve System is the central bank of the United States. It is responsible for monetary policy, ensuring the stability of the financial system and the safety and soundness of our banks. The Federal Reserve in Washington, DC, also has 12 regions or districts around the country. One of them is lo-cated in my hometown of Cleveland. Governor Powell has been a member of the Federal Reserve Board since 2012. He supported important principles of monetary policy and critical elements of financial regulation. His track record over the past 6 years shows that he is a thoughtful policymaker. As the Chair of the Board of Gov-ernors, he would lead the Federal Open Market Committee within the Federal Reserve. Governor Powell supports the statutory dual monetary policy goals of maximum employment and price stability—the cornerstones of a well- functioning economy. Senator C
RAPO , who is joining me today, is chairman of the committee. We listened to testimony today about the nomination of another Fed Gov-ernor—not the highest position, as the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, but a Federal Reserve Governor—Mr. Goodfriend. The answers we elicited from him seemed to be, from my inter-pretation, that it was not clear that he has the same belief and respect for the dual mandate. The dual mandate, un-like what the Europeans do, is espe-cially important for workers in this country. In Europe, the only charge of the central bank is to keep inflation down. In our country, the Federal Re-serve, what we call our central bank, has two jobs equally balanced—the dual policy—and that is to keep infla-tion down and to keep employment up. They are maximum employment and price stability, the cornerstones of a well-functioning economy. To advance those policy goals, Gov-ernor Powell supports the Federal Re-serve’s current path of gradual in-creases in interest rates. He believes they should continue. At the same time, Governor Powell recognizes the importance of an independent Federal Reserve. That is very important. I don’t want Members of Congress—with our prejudices, biases, and political ideologies—to influence or to com-promise the independence of the Fed-eral Reserve. Governor Powell recog-nizes that independence. He is com-mitted to following an example of prior Federal Reserve Chairs by doing the job without a view to political out-comes. Governor Powell played a significant role in implementing crucial reforms under Dodd-Frank. He understands the importance of the rules for stress tests, capital standards, and resolution plan-ning. We need the Federal Reserve to make sure that those rules are applied thoroughly and consistently so that gaps or failures don’t create larger risks through the financial system. We know that too many people in this body seem to have a collective am-nesia about what happened 10 years ago. It is up to us to remind Governor Powell, and it is up to him to remem-ber what happened 10 years ago and to learn from it. As Chair, Governor Pow-ell is responsible for making sure the Fed fulfills its consumer protection role. Americans work hard to make ends meet. They shouldn’t have to struggle with unfair and abusive practices by fi-nancial institutions. The Trump administration is en-gaged in an effort to undermine impor-tant financial system protections and reforms put in place in the wake of the great recession. Governor Powell has seen the devel-opments in the safety and stability of our banks during his time at the Fed. I expect him to maintain and to improve those standards. Ohioans, still recov-ering from the last financial crisis, can’t afford the consequences of an-other financial crisis. I know Governor Powell wants the Fed to play a part in the success of the economy and Amer-ican families. I call on him to continue the Federal Reserve’s measured path for monetary policy and to support the strong regulations he helped put in place. For some people, it is easy to forget how much damage was done by this lack of strong oversight of our finan-cial system, especially during the last 4 years of the Bush administration, where millions lost their homes. I know Chairman C
RAPO and I have talked about this. The 44105 ZIP Code that my wife Connie and I live in, in Cleveland, in the first half of 2007, we had more foreclosures in that ZIP Code than any ZIP Code in the United States. Think of what it does to peo-ple’s lives. Think of what it does to our families. Millions of people lost homes, millions lost jobs, millions lost much of their life savings. For the wealthiest Americans, the nearly 9 years of gains in the stock market makes the crash of a decade ago a distant memory, but for the vast majority of Americans who have little in direct holdings in the stock market and not too much in other areas either, their wages have been flat, and many still have not recovered from the crisis. The Fed’s latest survey of household wealth indicates—get this—44 percent of Americans can’t cover an emergency expense of $400. Forty-four percent of Americans can’t cover an emergency expense of $400 without selling some-thing or borrowing. For some, if their car breaks down, and they need $400 to fix their car to get to work, they have to go to a payday lender, and then their trouble starts. Then they have to go get a second payday loan and then a third payday loan. Income inequality is the worst since the 1920s. The racial wealth gap is enormous. The median Black house-hold has only $11,000 to its name, one- twelfth of its White counterpart. The Fed can’t solve all of our prob-lems, but it can make them worse. Right now, the Fed seems puzzled by why low unemployment is not pro-ducing more inflation. Perhaps it is be-cause more Americans are struggling paycheck to paycheck. They can’t bid up the price of goods until they get out of debt. Yet even in the face of contin-ued low inflation, there are those push-ing for rate increases to give bond-holders better returns. Others want to go back to some of the same banking practices that brought about the finan-cial crisis. The independence of the Fed is crit-ical but only if it is used to make deci-sions based on data and experience, not ideology. That is exactly what Ben Bernanke and Janet Yellen did over the past decade in helping to guide the Nation to one of the longest lasting re-coveries in our history. Go back to the year 2010. We know when President Obama took office, we were losing 800,000 jobs per month in this country—700,000 the second month—hundreds of thousands, mil-lions of jobs at the beginning of his ad-ministration. Starting in 2010, in large part because of the auto rescue and other things, our economy began to turn around. Since 2010, we have had job growth in every single quarter—every single quarter— since the auto rescue. President Trump loves to take credit for the job growth month after month. The fact is, it was launched early in the Obama years, and we have been able to sustain it—not economic growth to the level we want, not job growth to the level we want, certainly not pay increases to the level we want but something. I hope Governor Powell will uphold that tradition that Chairman Bernanke and Chairwoman Yellen began. I plan to support Governor Powell’s nomination. I urge my colleagues to do the same. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Idaho. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I, too, rise in support of the nomination of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.009 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES450 January 23, 2018 
Honorable Jerome, or ‘‘Jay,’’ Powell to be the Chairman of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System. I appreciate this opportunity to im-mediately follow my colleague Senator B
ROWN , as he and I serve together in leading the Banking Committee on critical issues like this. Senator B
ROWN  has very well described a number of the critical aspects of what this nomina-tion means to America. I don’t think there is any overstating the impor-tance of this nomination—one of the very few most important nominations any President gets to make. The Federal Reserve Chairman plays a critical role in shaping the U.S. and global economic landscape as well as the regulations affecting financial in-stitutions and markets. If confirmed to this position, Gov-ernor Powell would be central to ensur-ing a safe and sound financial system while also supporting a vibrant, grow-ing economy. He will play a key role in right-sizing Federal regulations and al-leviating unnecessary burdens, a stated goal of the Federal Reserve. He would also Chair the Federal Open Market Committee, the body charged with making key decisions for the Nation’s monetary policy. Governor Powell has a unique back-ground, which will help him lead the Federal Reserve. He has demonstrated his understanding of the markets and regulations during his tenure over the past 5 years at the Federal Reserve. Most recently, he has served as Chairman of the Fed’s Committee on Supervision and Regulation, a highly important and impactful position. Governor Powell previously served as Assistant Secretary and Under Sec-retary of the Treasury under President George H.W. Bush, where he was re-sponsible for policy affecting financial institutions, the Treasury market, and other critical areas of our economy. He also has firsthand experience in invest-ment banking and was a partner in the Carlyle Group before being appointed to the Board of Governors. Governor Powell was reported out of the Banking Committee with over-whelming bipartisan support last year and was recently approved again this year with near-unanimous support. If confirmed to this new role, I look for-ward to continuing our work together with Governor Powell on a host of im-portant issues before the Banking Com-mittee. I support this nomination today and urge all of my colleagues to do the same. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent to engage in a colloquy with Mr. F
LAKE , the Senator from Ari-zona. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
EARMARKS  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, if you have been following the circus in this town long enough, you probably remember earmarks, the infamous special inter-est spending provision that party lead-ers used to sprinkle over unpopular leg-islation, sort of like heavily subsidized sugar. Even if you aren’t familiar with this concept, you may be familiar with spe-cific wasteful earmarks, such as the in-famous $223 billion ‘‘bridge to no-where’’ in Alaska or the $3.4 million turtle tunnel in Florida, which was precisely what it sounds like, a 13-foot- long underground tunnel that was in-tended not for people, not for auto-mobiles, not for train traffic but for turtles, or the so-called ‘‘monuments to me,’’ buildings that politicians named after themselves. Earmarks were everything Ameri-cans couldn’t stand about Washington, DC. They enabled corruption, and they facilitated waste. They wreaked of en-titlement. They were the swamp, and then they went away for 7 wonderful years and counting. They went away because Republicans banned them after the 2010 election cycle, when the tea party wave rolled through Washington, lifted by an anti-cronyism message. Now some politicians in the House of Representatives are trying to bring earmarks back. Now, I have heard some bad ideas in my time in the Sen-ate, but this one takes the cake. Just like in a horror movie, the swamp thing is coming back to life—or at least it is trying to—even after we hit it in the face with a shovel. Earmark fans never left Washington, of course. They have just been lying low, waiting for memories of their waste and abuse to somehow fade from our public consciousness, from our awareness, and our discussions about Washington. Now, 7 years later, these politicians and their special interest pals think they have found a nifty argument to rehabilitate pork-barrel spending. They point to the dysfunction in Con-gress and say earmarks would somehow make all of that better. It is a little bit like saying: There is a fire over here, let’s pour some gasoline on it and see what happens. Sure, these offenders admit earmarks are frequently unseemly. They have to acknowledge that. There is no getting around that point, but they claim ear-marks are a kind of industrial lubri-cant for the sausage-making factory that is Congress. According to them, bringing ear-marks back will get the machine churning out sausage again, just like before. Like many terrible political ar-guments, this one has some acknowl-edgeable, superficial appeal. Congress is, indeed, dysfunctional, and earmarks probably would make it easier for some people in Congress, some party leaders and others, to buy votes for their bills, but why should we believe our problems would be solved if we just hand more power over to the already powerful few in Congress, if we make it easier for them to pass un-popular bills like ObamaCare or mas-sive amnesty? It was the elites from both parties who reduced Congress to its present lowly state. The public despises Con-gress, and it certainly is not because we killed earmarks. It is because the public distrusts the elites who rule them and the awful unrepresentative laws they passed with the help of ear-marks, no less, prior to the 2010 elec-tion cycle, when the American people said: Enough is enough when it comes to earmarks. Now, the fight over earmarks is real-ly a fight over two very different, com-peting visions of how Congress should govern. The Washington establishment likes the current system, where just a few lawmakers negotiate and write bills behind closed doors. This system, itself, works great for the swamp. If you like the swamp, then you probably love earmarks. It keeps cash flowing through certain offices and their alumni’s lobbying shops on K Street. There are tough decisions made in secret without any accountability or fidelity to the public, to the people we represent. This corrupt system excludes all but a handful of well-positioned Represent-atives and Senators. So it effectively disenfranchises hundreds of millions of Americans whose representatives have little say over what actually passes into law. Bringing back earmarks would only make that situation worse. An alternative system would be one of transparency, of decentralization, of legislative accountability. Representa-tives and Senators would write legisla-tion collaboratively in the open for all to see, forcing popular compromises and, yes, from time to time, taking tough votes. The reason Congress doesn’t work like this right now is because the es-tablishment is afraid of what the pub-lic might see and how they might vote in response to what they see. Gov-erning out in the open would require Members to do the hard work of learn-ing about issues before forming coher-ent positions. The present broken system is much easier, at least in this critical respect: It lets a small handful of lawmakers do all the thinking and the scheming, and it rewards docile lawmakers with the occasional earmark to tout to their constituents back home, to tout to them as if to ask: Aren’t I wonderful? Earmarks would make life better for politicians, in other words, but it would make life worse for the country, much worse. That we are even consid-ering such a bargain; that it is even being discussed as a serious matter in the House of Representatives is an in-sult to logic and is exactly why Con-gress is held in such widespread public disdain. Eventually, I believe, Congress will reform itself. As the old adage goes: ‘‘If something cannot go on forever, it won’t,’’ but it will take a lot of painful decisions before we get to that point. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.011 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S451 January 23, 2018 
We will have to struggle hard to extri-cate ourselves from the mess. Bringing back earmarks would rep-resent a step backward in this strug-gle—back to cronyism, back to waste, and, yes, back to the swamp. This is something we cannot allow. This is something that cuts against our very interests as Americans and as Members of an institution that has called itself the world’s greatest deliberative legis-lative body. So I would ask my friend from Ari-zona, Senator F
LAKE , for his thoughts on the matter and what he thinks about the wisdom, or lack thereof, in bringing back this horrible tradition. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Utah. Let me just say that during a televised, bipartisan meeting recently at the White House, the President suggested that we might be more collegial around here, more ef-ficient in Congress, if we would just bring back earmarks. The reaction from the lawmakers present was decid-edly mixed. Some cheered that declara-tion, but most of us, I have to say, re-coiled at the thought. As someone who served in Congress during the gluttonous earmarking era, when pork was used regularly to buy and sell Congressmen’s votes, I can tell you firsthand this is an idea that no-body ought to be laughing at or em-bracing. Amidst public corruption in-vestigations and a constant stream of embarrassing headlines about sweet-heart deals for family and friends, Con-gress was forced to place a moratorium on earmarks about 7 or 8 years ago. Earmarking does not improve the legislative process. In fact, it com-promises Members into ignoring uneth-ical behavior and voting for bad bills that they would otherwise oppose. Re-member, ObamaCare was approved with just a single vote being secured with an earmark—the one that was de-rided as the ‘‘Cornhusker kickback.’’ Likewise, when Senators receive ear-marks, they are agreeing to support hundreds of other earmarks stuffed into an appropriations bill. When people say the appropriations process would be a lot smoother, would work a lot better with earmarks, I would respond by saying that there was a period of about 10 years when ear-marks really hit the high point, in 1994 or 1995 through 2006. I served in the House from 2001 to 2012, and during that time we had earmarks for part of the time and went without earmarks part of the time. And 2005, I think ev-erybody recognizes, was the high point—or the low point, if you want to put it that way. There were a total of 16,000 earmarks spread across 12 appro-priations bills and 1 authorization bill, worth about $30 billion. One would think that if we had that much to grease the skids in Wash-ington, we should have been able to pass all appropriations measures and move through the process. We would have a more collegial, compliant body. During that time, in 2005—I just checked—we passed only five appro-priations bills in the House—only five. We ended up with an omnibus bill, and that was when Republicans controlled the House, the Senate, and the White House. So this notion that we have to have earmarks, and if we just get back to earmarks then this place will run smoothly and we will get through the appropriations bills—with 16,000 ear-marks, worth about $30 billion, only five appropriations bills were approved. We all remember too well the indoor rain forest in Iowa, the teapot museum in North Carolina, and, of course, the bridge to nowhere in Alaska. When a challenge was made to that infamous bridge and other pork projects, not-so- veiled threats were leveled at Senators and Members of Congress who dared question their colleagues’ projects. We simply cannot go back to that time. I remember well during that time one particular episode when we were all in HC–5 of the House basement. It was during the appropriations season, and all of a sudden one Member ran into the room just breathless. He had the list—the list from the Appropriations Committee—as to who was getting the earmarks and who wasn’t. It was large-ly a staff-driven process. But then ev-erybody would—the thing was, we have to get these earmarks; we have to go announce them quickly in the House before the Senators take credit for them. That was the atmosphere at that time. That was not a high point. That is not something we want to return to. I was looking at some of what I said in the House at that time and some of what I quoted when we were trying to get rid of them in 2009. At that time, The Hill newspaper had reported that a prominent lobbying firm was the sub-ject of a Federal investigation into po-tentially corrupt political contribu-tions. It had given $3.4 million in polit-ical contributions to no less than 284 Members of Congress. There were lobbying shops that were set up for that purpose—simply to be at the intersection of earmarks and policy. The Hill also reported on February 10, 2009, that this firm, which special-ized in obtaining earmarks in the de-fense budget for a long list of clients was ‘‘recently raided by the FBI.’’ The New York Times noted that the same lobbyist for that firm ‘‘set up shop at the busy intersection between political fundraising and taxpayer spending, directing tens of millions of dollars in contributions to lawmakers while steering hundreds of millions of dollars in earmark contracts back to his clients.’’ This is a process that simply is too tough to police when it gets this way. During my time in the House, over a series of a number of years, I went to the House floor literally hundreds of times to challenge individual earmarks in these spending projects. For those who think that you can go and chal-lenge these earmarks and have some-body say ‘‘Yes, all right, I didn’t want to spend money on that teapot museum anyway; that is a bad idea,’’ that rare-ly happened. In the hundreds of times I went to the floor to challenge earmark spending, there was only one vote that I won—only one in hundreds of times. That is because the process of log-rolling takes over, where one Member will say: I will protect your earmark if you protect mine. It was more likely that I would get 30, 40, 50 votes, and if I was challenging a popular appropri-ator, I would get even fewer because nobody wanted to challenge them be-cause their own earmarks would be threatened. This is not a process that we want to go back to. This is not something that we should be proud of in our history. Several of our colleagues ended up in jail. One of them actually had an ear-mark bribe menu printed, in hand, on his congressional letterhead which read: If you want an earmark for this much, here is what it will cost you, under the table. He ended up doing time in prison. Not every Member did that, obviously, but it is a process that is too difficult to control. Here is the worst part about ear-marks generally. Some will say that it is just a fraction of spending; it is just a couple of percentage points off the Federal budget, which is true. But the problem is, once you get back into ear-marking, the Appropriations Com-mittee spends an inordinate amount of time—the majority of its time—focus-ing on that 1 or 2 percentage points of the funding and gives up its oversight responsibilities on the other 98 percent of the budget. We simply don’t do the oversight that we should be doing on the Federal agencies and how they spend this money. That is the worst part of ear-marking—that we simply give up over-sight. Yes, we pay a lot of attention to that 1 or 2 percent of funding, but we give up oversight on the rest, effec-tively. So I hope we don’t go there. That is why I am introducing bipartisan legis-lation, joined by my colleague from Utah, to permanently ban all congres-sional earmarking. Senators M
CCAS-
KILL, TOOMEY , MCCAIN, LEE, PORTMAN , J
OHNSON , RUBIO, ERNST , FISCHER , and S
ASSE are all on as cosponsors. I hope that when this is brought to the floor, it passes, and we don’t go back to this practice of earmarking. I turn back to my colleague from Utah to hear what other thoughts he has on the subject. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I am grate-ful for the work that has been done by the Senator from Arizona on this topic. One of the first times I remember seeing the Senator from Arizona on TV, many years before I was elected to the Senate, was while he was serving in the House of Representatives. I saw him interviewed on national television, talking about this issue—talking about the corruption that inevitably flows 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.012 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES452 January 23, 2018 
from a system that allows for favors like these to be handed out. I remem-ber the immense respect I had for this man whom I did not yet know and wouldn’t come to know for another decade or so, but who was willing to call out something that he believed was contrary to public policy, contrary to any system that would result in a good consequence, a good outcome for the American people. I also appreciate the comment he made a moment ago about a familiar refrain by defenders of earmarks. Sen-ator F
LAKE mentioned that over time people would point out that earmarks were, even during their heyday, maybe representing a couple of percentage points of total Federal spending. Well, that may be true, if you want to put it that way, in those terms, as they inevi-tably did at the time, quite persist-ently. But it overlooks a few things. It is a much larger percentage, of course, of discretionary spending, and of do-mestic nondefense discretionary spend-ing could even be a larger percentage. But more to the point, something that is only 2 percent doesn’t necessarily mean that it is having a favorable im-pact and that it is not having an im-pact that is itself very significant. When you look at a mile-long train, the engine car might represent only about 2 percent of the total length of the train, but it is what is driving the train. It is what is determining where the train goes, and if that train is going in a wrong direction, that can be very bad. So I have always found unpersuasive the initially persuasive argument that this is just a tiny seg-ment of Federal spending. At the end of the day, earmarks rep-resent everything that we are uncom-fortable with about Washington. Mov-ing back to them would represent a de-parture from a very favorable reform that we had in this body 7 years ago. So I would ask Senator F
LAKE , who has served in Congress longer than I have and who has seen this, to tell us what he fears most about bringing back earmarks. Mr. FLAKE. Well, I thank the Sen-ator from Utah. One of the things I fear most is that we are having a tough enough time controlling spending. Dr. Coburn, who served in the House—I admired his time there. He went after earmarks and after a lot of these appropriations, and he did the same thing when he came to the Sen-ate until the last day he was here. He had a saying. He said: ‘‘Earmarks are the gateway drug to . . . spending ad-diction.’’ What he meant by that is if you give an earmark in an appropriations bill, some people will say ‘‘Well, it is just an earmark for a couple of million dollars for a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame’’— that was actually one. The problem is, once you get your earmark there, you are obligated to support that entire bill, no matter how ballooned it be-comes. During the period, particularly in 2001 to 2006, boy, we bloated up a lot of appropriations bills. We were running basically at almost a surplus in 2001, and by the time we got to 2006, it was anything but, and nondefense discre-tionary spending and defense spending related to earmarks increased signifi-cantly. It just was not a good trend. So what I fear most is that we have been able to have some control on non-defense discretionary spending, and the growth of that has been slower than other things, but once you start get-ting earmarks in these bills, then you will be obligated to support them no matter what. Then you support bloated appropriations bills just to protect your earmark. The process of log-rolling takes effect—I protect yours if you protect mine. That is one thing I fear. I turn it back to the Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, Senator Coburn said this is the ‘‘gateway drug’’ for big government. That is such an ap-propriate analogy. It reminds me of a news clip that I saw a couple of years before I ran for the U.S. Senate, when there was coverage of a very large spending bill that came up short—and those on the news commented at the time: Well, it is well understood in Washington that what is now going to have to happen is they are going to have to add probably tens of billions of dollars to this bill, which they will do, and they will end up getting it passed by adding these ‘‘sweeteners’’ as they call them—earmarks, essentially—in order to get people to vote for them for the same reason that Senator FLAKE  just mentioned. The dangers of bringing back ear-marks are numerous, and it is my strong view that we should not do that. We should avoid this like the plague. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SENATE REFORM  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, the Sen-ate voted yesterday to reopen the gov-ernment. I am glad that cooler heads and bipartisan good will prevailed be-fore too much damage was done, but where do we go from here? The leadership of both Houses needs to negotiate appropriations caps for the rest of this year and all of next year. We all need to do our part to make sure this is done immediately. As a matter of fact, half of that job is practically done. Our colleagues in the House have a promise from the Speaker of the House to consider a Defense ap-propriations bill at the spending level set by the most recent National De-fense Authorization Act. That amount is $700 billion and represents an in-crease of $88.6 billion over last year’s enacted spending level—a welcome de-velopment. It would seem to make sense for this body to adopt that figure in the Senate bill, and the job would be halfway done. I hope our leaders will not wait until the week after next to get us an agreement on domestic spending. Let’s not approach the next few days as if the battle lines are again drawn. Rather than using the coming days to suit up for the next showdown, perhaps we can work to strengthen the Senate so that it does the governing that our Founders envisioned, the governing that the statesmen who preceded us have protected. Americans do their jobs day in and day out, and they ex-pect the same hard work from their elected representatives in Washington. In this regard, I would like to call at-tention to an op-ed by radio host Hugh Hewitt that was published online yes-terday by the Washington Post. It is ti-tled ‘‘How to end the Senate’s aston-ishing dysfunction’’—a pretty graphic title for an op-ed. Mr. Hewitt warns that the institution of the Senate is ‘‘careening toward widespread con-tempt, as happened to its Roman pred-ecessor even before the emperors turned it into a fancy advisory coun-cil.’’ One might be inclined to agree given the events of the past few days. Indeed, we have reached an embar-rassing low point where a government shutdown is wrongly used as a bar-gaining chip for merely political gain. Mr. Hewitt concludes, ‘‘It would be best for both parties to head off change imposed from pressure from the outside with change organically orchestrated from within by those with care for the body and its original design.’’ There are plenty of experts with ideas on how to create a more efficient and more effective Senate. Those ideas should be welcomed now. But those of us who took an oath in this Chamber and serve with the great legacy of this institution cannot stay on the side-lines. We occupy a unique position to drive reforms and to make the Senate better, ensuring its existence and its success for the next generation. There is real hope that these reforms have already begun. For example, there has been support by both Democrats and Republicans to change the proce-dural rules on executive and judicial nominations, shortening postcloture debate from 30 hours to 8 hours. The Democratic-led Senate passed this rule on a temporary basis in 2013, with bi-partisan support. Our colleague from Oklahoma, Senator L
ANKFORD , has a thoughtful proposal. He suggests that we permanently shorten postcloture debate on executive and judicial nomi-nations. I agree with this proposal. The practice of confirming noncontrover-sial nominees is a courtesy historically given without needless delay to who-ever occupies the Oval Office, to whom-ever the public has installed as Presi-dent, Democrat and Republican alike. Delays are not only inconvenient as the new administration tries to put its team in place, but more importantly, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.015 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S453 January 23, 2018 
delays keep highly qualified individ-uals from serving the American peo-ple—sometimes in positions affecting our national security or delivering dis-aster response. Like Mr. Hewitt, I believe we can do more to make the Senate work for the American people with ‘‘an overhaul of its rules’’ that ‘‘preserves the rights of the minority in some cases . . . while also reflecting the speed at which the world moves today.’’ Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the op-ed by Mr. Hewitt be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, Jan. 22, 2018] H
OWTOEND THE SENATE ’SASTONISHING  D
YSFUNCTION  (By Hugh Hewitt) Remember Roscoe Conkling? Few people do even though for many years the New Yorker was the ‘‘first man’’ in the Senate and king of patronage. How about Henry Cabot Lodge? ‘‘Some-thing about the League of Nations?’’ you ask, if you are going off your college days or AP history prep. ‘‘No, wait, Nixon’s running mate!’’ you say, and head to Wikipedia to discover both fragments of memory are right. The Lodges were a father-and-son team of senators. How about Robert Taft and Mike Mans-field? Lyndon Johnson was preceded as Sen-ate majority leader by the man known as ‘‘Mr. Republican’’ and followed by the good and decent Mansfield, who went on to be a good and decent ambassador to Japan under Presidents Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan. (When was the last time anyone thought of a senator as such a statesman that he or she could serve as ambassador to a key ally for more than a decade under presidents from both parties?) The point is that the Senate as an institu-tion is—or was—quite the work of genius, but its individual members, no matter how famous in their day, fade into background characters in presidential biographies. (And most presidential biographies don’t really get read all that much.) Now the Senate itself is careening toward widespread con-tempt, as happened to its Roman predecessor even before the emperors turned it into a fancy advisory council. Whether the decline began with the sliming of Robert Bork or the segregationist filibusters of civil rights legislation, the modern Senate has been on a downward spi-ral for some time, and even current Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), the Senate’s most able leader of my lifetime, isn’t shrewd enough to reverse the trajectory in the public’s eyes. After another govern-ment shutdown, President Trump and others are pushing hard to make the apparently dysfunctional upper chamber a purely majoritarian place. McConnell resists this, knowing that the rights of the minority party are (or at least used to be) key impedi-ments on the country rushing into dangerous waters. What the Senate needs is an overhaul of its rules, one that preserves the rights of the minority in some cases—key legislation, for example, and perhaps appointments to the Supreme Court—while also reflecting the speed at which the world moves today. Sim-ple majorities on appropriations and time limits on debate over minor nominees are two obvious reforms. They could be traded for agreement on the high court vacancies, formalizing the modern precedent estab-lished by McConnell of no nominations in an election year but consideration and votes on nominees from the year prior such as An-thony M. Kennedy. The same deal could also include changes to the ‘‘Byrd Rule,’’ which gives the Senate parliamentarian broad sway over what is allowed under budget reconcili-ation—an extraconstitutional expansion of the parliamentarian’s powers that makes sense only under a Cubist understanding of how the Senate is supposed to operate. Now, with the shock of the shutdown very palpable, McConnell and his minority coun-terpart, Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), should empower a small group of widely liked and respected members to fashion a package of reforms with the only guarantee being that their work product receive an up-or-down vote made effective by a simple majority. The Senate’s dysfunction is astonishing to Americans who have to make things actually run and who have to do their jobs to keep their jobs. Trump has shrewdly taken aim at the Senate’s vulnerability as an issue. It would be best for both parties to head off change imposed from pressure from the out-side with change organically orchestrated from within by those with care for the body and its original design. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, we can do more to streamline nominations, and we can do more to prevent the next budget stand-off. I want to remind my colleagues of the bipartisan work that has been done by Senate Appropriations members— Republican and Democratic—in just the past year. Eight of the twelve an-nual appropriations bills passed out of committee last year. Most passed unanimously, with unanimous votes from Republicans and Democrats in the full Appropriations Committee. The re-maining four were released as chair-man’s marks. Let me recount the work that was done last year. On July 13, 2017, the full Appropria-tions Committee, on a bipartisan basis, unanimously approved the fiscal year 2018 Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs and Related Agencies ap-propriations bill. The vote was 31 to 0. On July 20, 2017, the committee unanimously—again by a vote of 31 to 0—approved the fiscal year 2018 Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies appropriations bill. Also on July 20, the committee ap-proved the fiscal year 2018 Energy and Water Development appropriations bill by a vote of 30 to 1—still an over-whelming bipartisan vote on the part of the Appropriations Committee. On July 27, 2017, the Appropriations Committee unanimously, by a vote of 31 to 0, approved the fiscal year 2018 Transportation, Housing and Urban De-velopment, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act. Also on July 27, the Appropriations Committee approved the fiscal year 2018 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. That was by a vote of 30 to 1—over-whelmingly bipartisan. On the same day, July 27, the com-mittee unanimously approved the fis-cal year 2018 Legislative Branch appro-priations bill. I could go on and on. Two more: In 2017, the full Appropriations Com-mittee approved the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies appropriations Bill. The vote then was a little closer—29 to 2— but still overwhelmingly bipartisan by a pretty evenly divided Appropriations Committee. On September 7—well before the end of the fiscal year—the Senate Appro-priations Committee unanimously ap-proved the 2018 Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams appropriations bill. All of these bills and then four chair-man’s marks have been available to this Senate for consideration, and not a single one of them has been brought to the floor. What would be the reason for that? I think Members of the ma-jority would say it is because we couldn’t get 60 votes for cloture on a motion to proceed, and realizing that we couldn’t get the 60 votes, we decided not to burn the time that we needed for other considerations, such as nomina-tions or tax reform or other legislation that had a chance. Members of the mi-nority party would probably say we couldn’t get to a realistic caps agree-ment for domestic spending and for de-fense spending, and so there was no point in doing that, so we wouldn’t agree to the 60 votes. But for whatever reason, citizens should know and Mem-bers should know that the Appropria-tions Committee did its work, and they had bills within the caps available to them, that were available for consider-ation. Yet, for whatever reason, they were not allowed to come to the floor for a vote. Shouldn’t we make a commitment to at least bring one bill or at least a minibus, combining three bills, to the floor and see if Members can work their will during this calendar year of 2018? Annual appropriations bills should be passed in committee and then should come to the floor for a vote. This is how the spending process ought to work. We can do that more easily with a budget deal. We can do it with a bi-partisan agreement on spending caps, which is the next big item to be nego-tiated. We need to eliminate sequestra-tion, and we need to agree to defense and domestic spending levels. As I say, the work is already halfway done for us. A parade of weeks- or months-long continuing resolutions is not how we should be funding the government, and we have a resounding agreement to that statement from Members on both sides of the aisle. The government shutdown this week was unfortunate, but it does not mean we have to continue the Senate’s ‘‘downward spiral,’’ as Mr. Hewitt de-scribes. We now have an opportunity for reform and for reflection about how we want to shape the future of this in-stitution. I hope my colleagues, with the support of majority and minority Members, will seize this opportunity to enact positive change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.022 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES454 January 23, 2018 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The Senator from Oklahoma. 
PRESIDENT PAUL KAGAME  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I am going to talk about something dif-ferent than anyone else has talked about here, and there is a very good reason for it. First of all, to try to establish some credibility here, I have had occasion to spend quite a bit of time working on issues in Africa. In fact, I have had oc-casion over the last 23 years to make 156 African country visits. That is a lot of African country visits. We have friends there. I personally have friends there, intimate friends. We have worked on a lot of the military con-cerns they have, but this is an area where we have very close friends. So I am going to be singling out one close friend—but not to the detriment of the rest of them because we have many close friends, certainly as many as 32 country Presidents and Prime Min-isters to whom we have been very close. But there is a reason for singling out one particular individual, who is Paul Kagame, President of Rwanda— two reasons. First, he is going to be coming in as the Chairman or Presi-dent of the African Union in the next few months. He has already been elect-ed. Second, he survived the Rwanda genocide, which arguably could be the greatest genocide of all time. On Janu-ary 28, he will become the President or Chairman of the African Union. This is really nothing short of a miracle. Rwanda is a miracle, and we have Paul Kagame and the people of Rwanda to thank for it. In 1994, one of the most atrocious genocides ever perpetrated occurred in this small East African country. In a period of about 100 days, nearly 1 mil-lion Rwandans were slaughtered. As is always the case, the seeds of genocide were planted many decades before, but when it finally started in April of 1994, many thousands of Hutus used ma-chetes and clubs to slaughter Tutsis. Those are two tribes people are very fa-miliar with. In most cases, it was neighbors killing neighbors, even some family members. The horror was unimaginable. Fa-thers and mothers were forced to watch their children being hacked to death. One man was forced to beat his wife to death in order to spare their seven chil-dren from being tortured to death. Many Rwandans were lucky to sur-vive and remember watching their par-ents and siblings being murdered. One individual whose name is Immaculee wrote a book, ‘‘Left to Tell,’’ which gives you an idea of what happened, the fact that there were people in her own community trying to kill her. They killed 70 percent—70 percent—of the entire tribe at that time. The world just watched as this slaughter took place. They did nothing. The United Nations had peacekeepers stationed in Rwanda, and they were or-dered to withdraw and leave all the genocide to take place. The President of the United States was Bill Clinton. He did nothing. The world just stood by and watched. The horror was stopped only because of one man. That one man was Paul Kagame. In October 1990, Paul Kagame led a group of young Rwandan refugees from Uganda whose parents had fled the country’s mass violence three decades before. You have to keep in mind that the President of Uganda is President Museveni. President Museveni and President Paul Kagame, both, came from the bush. They were good friends. He went there to try to save Rwandans at that time because he saw the geno-cide coming. What is even more amazing about Rwanda is their leader and what hap-pened after that. Rwanda had two very different paths it could have taken. They could have taken revenge. Paul Kagame could have taken the strength he had—the new power that he had— and he could have gone after the other tribe that was there, the Hutus, and he could have started another genocide of his own. That could have happened. The other thing he could have done was the path of forgiveness and reconcili-ation. This is the path of hard work, where the Tutsis who survived the genocide would have to learn how to forgive and live alongside the same Hutus who killed their family mem-bers. This is the path of rebuilding a nation from the ground up so that to-gether they could have a common fu-ture. We now know which path Rwanda chose. President Kagame led them down the path of reconciliation. There are a lot of people who helped to make this happen. One of the individuals, who I happen to be personally fond of, who is deceased now, was Chuck Colson. Do you remember him? He spent time in prison. He started a fel-lowship and was very actively involved in the reconciliation process. In many cases, the Hutus who committed geno-cide against the Tutsi families would seek forgiveness from that family and then achieve reconciliation by building a home together for the Tutsi survivors who lived through this. It may seem like a small gesture, but it allowed the healing and forgiveness process to work. Together, the Hutus and the Tutsis are rebuilding their nation as Rwandans working together. I had one experience that I watched after this happened. My wife called this to my attention. In Rwanda, they build a certain kind of basket that is dif-ferent from that in any other country. After the reconciliation, there they were—the Hutu and the Tutsi young women—making these baskets. Then, Paul Kagame worked out a deal with several department store marketing areas in the United States. Macy’s was one of them. They started selling the baskets. It was a great boon for them. But, anyway, Paul Kagame should be credited for this amazing trans-formation of the nation to a thriving, successful country. This is paying great dividends. I was in Rwanda most recently in Oc-tober. I have been there eight times. Each time I go, I am surprised by what I see. Let me mention five things that are unique to Rwanda. First, there is not a piece of litter anywhere in Rwan-da. There is nothing. You can’t find any litter. In fact, the last Saturday of every month, they have a program where everybody joins together and they pick up every bit of trash and ev-erything else. That doesn’t sound like very much, but you notice the dif-ference when you are there. The second thing that is different about them is their infrastructure. Rwanda is known as the Land of a Thousand Hills. They don’t have any level areas in Rwanda. Not long ago, I remember going for an hour and a half, between the hill area and the mountain area, on a road that was perfectly paved. That is one thing you would ex-pect to see in the United States. There are no potholes—nothing. It was a highway that you would expect to find anywhere except in Africa. They are known for this. Third, the people are hard workers. I mentioned that there aren’t any flat areas there. Every square foot in Rwanda is used to grow something, from the bottom of the peaks. Every-thing is there. They are hard workers. They grow tea, coffee, potatoes, and other crops. They are all being cul-tivated across the entire country, and it is all hilly country. There is no place else where that is actually taking place. It is hard work. You do it mostly by hand. They are able to feed them-selves and export more valuable crops abroad. Fourth, it is safe. You wouldn’t ex-pect a country that has gone through the most devastating genocide—maybe in history—to be a safe place to walk around. Yet it is. You can walk there at nighttime. It is safer than Wash-ington, DC. The fifth thing that is unusual about this is that the economy is booming. Everywhere you look in Rwanda, con-struction is happening. In just the last few years, they built new hotels and a convention center, and they are now working on a new airport to facilitate all the growth and tourism that is coming there. These are my observations, but President Kagame’s leadership is not just resulting in visible changes. Num-bers back up what I have seen. Since he became President in 2000, Rwanda has experienced a GDP growth of 8 percent. This is interesting because we are, through our tax bill, going to be in-creasing our GDP in this country. There is a formula that no one dis-agrees with, and that is that for each 1 percent increase in growth in the GDP, that develops into $1 trillion over a pe-riod of 10 years of increased revenue. That is some of the revenue we are going to be using as a result of that. This is not the United States. This is in Africa. It is an 8-percent GDP 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.023 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S455 January 23, 2018 
growth. It is geared toward the poor people. That is why the population has lifted people out of poverty. Rwanda has dramatically improved its ease of doing business. The World Bank recently ranked Rwanda No. 1 for doing business in East Africa, No. 2 for doing business in Sub-Saharan Africa, and No. 41 in the world. That is re-markable when you consider that just a matter of 8 years before, they were ranked 150th in the world for doing business. Now they are No. 41. Today you can start a business and get all the necessary permits to operate in just a few days. Rwanda has become a model for gen-der empowerment. Maybe this is going a little further than a lot of the people in this country are comfortable with, but Rwanda’s constitution requires that 30 percent of decision-making po-sitions be awarded to women. Today, it is now 60 percent. So 60 percent of Rwanda’s parliamentarians and 40 per-cent of its Cabinets are filled by women, including my good friend the Foreign Minister, Louise Mushikiwabo, and also the Ambassador that many of us know here because she is in the United States, Ambassador Mathilde Mukantabana. Rwanda has facilitated the develop-ment of a technology that no one would expect in Africa. Rwanda enjoys a nationwide fiberoptic infrastructure that will ensure that 95 percent of its citizens have access to high-speed 4G internet. Furthermore, it is inte-grating drone technology into its healthcare system to ensure that vital supplies, like blood, can reach patients all over the country. Rwanda has transformed its healthcare system. Life expectancy is now 64.5 years. In 2000, it was 49 years. That has all taken place in the last few years. Child mortality rates are down more than two-thirds. Maternal mor-tality is down 80 percent. In 2000, there was only 1 doctor for every 66,000 peo-ple. Today there is 1 doctor for every 10,000 people. Between those years, since the genocide has taken place, the malaria-related deaths plummeted by 85 percent. When you ask how these things were possible, the World Health Organiza-tion’s country director said—and this is a quote, not a quote by me or some-one in this country or by the President: 
The main ingredient is visionary leader-ship. It’s about having a target, saying we want to be there in the future and under-standing obstacles in the way. 
That visionary leader is Paul Kagame, and he gets results. That is the World Health Organiza-tion. Rwanda has established a highly ca-pable and professional military. Presi-dent Kagame actually studied in Fort Leavenworth in Kansas as part of the IMET Program in early 1990s. The IMET Program is a program where we train people from different countries to be leaders, and, of course, they develop an allegiance to our country. It is very successful. That is how this guy got started. He started in the IMET Pro-gram. His military background is very professional. As President, he has re-quired the same of his forces. In the Rwanda Defence Forces, all military orders and instructions are issued through a chain of command. Rwanda’s plan is to have a small, well-equipped army of 20,000 soldiers and a reserve component of 100,000. Their defense strategy is to sustain a combat-ready force capable of rapidly deploying to meet varying contingencies both at home and abroad still. They are delivering. Rwanda is the fifth largest contributor to the U.N. peacekeeping operations in the world. They currently have close to 5,000 troops deployed in different missions, widely acknowledged as some of the best performing and most trusted peacekeepers in the world. Rwanda is also a major participant in the Eastern Africa Standby Force. That is a battalion of 850 troops and a police contingency of 140 officers who are on standby for contingencies in East Africa. The countries that have gone together are Tanzania, Uganda, Burundi, Kenya, and Rwanda. These are the kinds of things that are exactly in line with what we should be helping them with and participating in and doing ourselves in the United States in terms of policy goals for Africa. We set up a way to help Africans help Afri-cans, to train and assist regional part-ners so they will be capable of handling security threats before they become global crises. With the emergence of their peacekeeping mission, the re-gional cooperation—what we hope would happen—is happening. Paul Kagame is the reason Rwanda is lead-ing the way. Rwanda is a clear example of what a strong, strategic partner should look like to the United States. It is not just me saying this. Rwanda is recognized around the world for its professional force. In fact, Rwanda’s Defense Minister was among the few leaders who spoke at the United Na-tions Peacekeeping Defence Ministerial in November in Vancouver. Because of these amazing accomplishments, Presi-dent Kagame is widely viewed as one of the most influential heads of state in the continent of Africa. Many leaders and observers praise him and his record. Benedict Oramah, President of the African Export-Import Bank, said: [Rwanda] is a country that was all but written off some two decades ago. But just like the phoenix that died and arose from its ashes, it emerges to become the shiniest star on the continent. The shiniest in terms of governance, in terms of the can-do spirit, doing those things that nobody ever thought was possible. 
Again, that is the African Export-Im-port Bank talking about Paul Kagame. The head of the World Health Organi-zation’s Africa department said: 
I want to recognize [Rwanda’s] remarkable leadership—its creativity, tenacity and re-solve—which have delivered significant progress in advancing health and develop-ment for the benefit of all your people. Your achievements in such a short space of time are truly remarkable. That is the World Health Organiza-tion. He is talking about Rwanda, and he is talking specifically about the President. Some of you may remember former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo, who came in after the person who was considered one of the great terrorists of all time, at that time, Sani Abacha. He came in to reform the leadership in Nigeria. His statement was: ‘‘Rwanda has made difficult trade-offs, but as an African leader, I tell you that I would make the same trade-offs.’’ Yet his influence is recognized more clearly not by what people have said about him but by what his peers have asked him to do. In July of 2016, Kagame was selected by his peers to lead the effort to reform the African Union to make it more ef-fective. He did not take this oppor-tunity to raise his own profile, as most people would do; rather, he used it to build consensus and cast a vision for a future Africa that is no longer reliant on aid from the outside world. This is very significant because when you talk to people in the street about Africa and the things we do with Africa, the first thing they say is that Africa is always having to be supported by us, that we are pouring money into Africa and they are not able to do things on their own. This was the first time he had made this statement—that Africa should no longer be reliant on aid from outside nations. Within months, he developed a reform package that was focused on four categories. This is significant. The first one is that the African Union has to be focused on key prior-ities with a continental scope as op-posed to a regional. This is something that has been happening for a long time, but they are moving from re-gional to starting to look after their entire continent. He wants the AU to focus on fewer but bigger issues that affect everyone on the continent. The second thing is that the AU must be connected with its citizens. Paul Kagame envisions doing this by estab-lishing women and youth quotas, which I just mentioned a minute ago, across the institutions and by identifying ap-propriate ways and means to ensure that the private sector, Parliament, civil society, and citizens are partici-pating in the process. He also wants to make the Africa passport available to all citizens so as to allow the free flow of people among the nation-states. The third thing is that the business of the AU must be managed effectively and efficiently with accountability, called the ‘‘Rwanda way.’’ The fourth thing is to charge the member-states with providing all of the necessary funding to operate the African Union without having assist-ance from outside donors. Have you ever heard that before from anybody, let alone Africa? Yet that is what he said. He envisions doing this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.025 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES456 January 23, 2018 
by each African country’s imposing a 0.2-percent tariff on eligible imports. While not all observers agree, I admire this vision for each seeking its way to ungrip itself from the assistance of other nations to fund its governmental activities. That was his plan. What cemented his status as an influ-ential power broker in Africa was that at the AU’s next meeting, which was January of 2017, his peers at the AU— the African Union—affirmed the rec-ommendations and charged him with actually implementing them. Once again, African leaders unanimously de-cided to trust Kagame. They chose him as the best leader to put reforms into action. So far, a number of the pro-posals have already been implemented. About half of the nation-states have already implemented the most difficult part, which is passing upon themselves a 0.2-percent import tariff and for-warding the proceeds to the African Union. They were paying for all of these things that were happening—that were proposed by Kagame—in the Afri-can Union. They actually have what we call real skin in the game. More and more nations are getting on board, and Rwanda is leading the way. To further cement his standing and influence, in July of 2017, Kagame was selected by his peers to chair the Afri-can Union in 2018, and here it is in 2018. So it is going to be happening. With genocide, Rwanda has a dark history, but because they chose the path of for-giveness and reconciliation instead of revenge, President Kagame has had and has used his national platform to be a nation of friendship and reconciliation between nations—nations that nor-mally don’t like each other, nations that normally are fighting against each other. Let’s take a look at what he has actually done. First, he and the State of Israel have had a similar past as both having vic-tims of genocide. We all know that. Many African nations—about half of them—are Muslim-majority countries. President Kagame has used his influ-ence in the region to facilitate Israel’s desire to reengage in Africa. Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel referred to Rwanda as the indispensable bridge on which Israel marched to return to Africa. In just the last 2 years, Prime Minister Netanyahu has been welcomed in several of the African capitals. I was with Prime Minister Netanyahu, and I can tell you that he was one who was so impressed with the work that has been done by Paul Kagame that he is able to invest himself in that continent of Africa, which he was never able to do before. At the United Nations, Rwanda has put itself at risk of widespread criti-cism in order to stand up for what is right. In 2014, Rwanda rotated onto the U.N. Security Council. While there, Rwanda abstained from an anti-Israel resolution so typical of the United Na-tions. It is always against Israel. When he did this, Rwanda blocked it from moving forward and prevented the United States from having to veto it. In this Chamber, we remember that. I remember the fact that we didn’t want to be in a position to veto it, but what they were doing was totally unfair. We had one guy who was courageous enough to do it; he was Paul Kagame from Rwanda. More recently, Rwanda has been one of the few nations not to vote against the United States or condemn our deci-sion to move our Israeli Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Rwanda is willing to take a stand for what is right. It keeps its word. It does not shake with fear at the possibility of intimidation. Kagame has also brought about the restoration of broken relationships with Africa. In 2016, he led the push to invite Morocco back into the African Union. This is an issue that a lot of people are concerned with. All the way back to the Bush administration, our Secretary of State at that time, Jim Baker, was trying his best to undo the damage that was done by Morocco to Western Sahara. Three decades ago, Western Sahara was taken from its homeland and put out in the middle of nowhere in the desert. I have been there several times. I wonder how a person can live out there. The problem was that Morocco was very rich, and Western Sahara was very poor. I testified before a House committee not too long ago, and I com-mented that Morocco has hired the most expensive lobbyists who are in Washington. Obviously, he gets his way on things that other people don’t. Anyway, one of the problems was, be-cause of the advantage that it has had, it has not been willing to come to the table. One of the reasons is that Mo-rocco has been the only country to be considered an African country that is not part of the African Union. So what did Paul Kagame do? He brought them into the African Union. He was able to convince both the African Union and Morocco to allow Morocco to join so that they could get together and get something done. Hopefully, he is on the road to trying to end three decades of trauma that has taken place out in the desert. Has this effort soured our relations with Kagame? No. In fact, the impact has been just the opposite. Earlier this month, former German President Horst Kohler, the U.N. envoy for resolving the Western Sahara-Morocco dispute, traveled to Kigali to appeal for Kagame’s help to resolve the situation. The U.N. recognizes Kagame’s bringing Morocco into the African Union as an important step in resolving the prob-lem of the Western Sahara. It is not just in Morocco that Kagame has made a difference. Let’s look at others. South Sudan is another problem. The Sudan and South Sudan were the same country. South Sudan had been trying to gain its independence. It finally did gain its independence, and we thought everything would be fine when that happened. Unfortunately, that started a civil war in South Sudan. This is something that has been going on now for 3 years, and Paul Kagame is neck deep in helping resolve that conflict as well. Rwanda has peacekeeping troops in both countries, and the Sudanese and the South Sudanese forces do not target but they protect Rwanda. So we have two countries that are warring against each other, and we have Rwan-da going in to try to resolve it. They both welcome Rwanda, and they trust Rwanda’s military because they trust Kagame. It is tempting to think that Rwanda is a small country in the middle of no-where that does not have a lot of influ-ence, but that would be a mistake. Be-cause of the results Kagame has been able to secure for his people and be-cause of the personal relationships he has developed, Rwanda is among one of the most influential countries in Afri-ca, considering the fact that when Kagame was inaugurated to his third term, no fewer than 22 heads of state from across Africa attended the festivi-ties. That has never been done before— 22 countries participating in the inau-guration of a President. They came for Paul Kagame. The leaders of African nations that normally fight with each other were actually seen embracing one another live on TV. That just doesn’t happen for no reason; that hap-pens because they all trust and admire Paul Kagame. With all of this, it is no wonder that African leaders are increasingly look-ing to Rwanda and Kagame for a vision of how to move forward into the future. According to one reporter, the ‘‘Rwan-da model’’ is becoming a hallmark phrase in Africa. Simon Allison writes: ‘‘In Africa’s . . . corridors of power—in the board-rooms of its banks, in closed-door Cabi-net meetings, in donor discussions and interminable governance conferences— it is repeated like a mantra: ‘The Rwanda model. The Rwanda model. The Rwanda model.’’’ Kagame is advancing a vision of Afri-can leadership that is no longer reliant on the aid of outsiders—a total rever-sal. He wants to move his country and the whole continent away from depend-ence on foreign aid to bustling free market economies that enable the peo-ple to take care of themselves. In fact, he recently complained to his fellow peers at an African security summit meeting that they have relied too much on the international community to deal with their problems. This is a quote from him: ‘‘A major pillar of institutional reform of the AU is a more focused and assertive Africa’’ that is focused on solving its own prob-lems. He said, ‘‘We must take responsi-bility for ourselves, which doesn’t ex-clude partners but they add to our ef-forts.’’ He has clearly done that. That is the main thing in all the reforms we have talked about, is to get Africa out of that dependency mode, and he is ac-tually doing it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.026 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S457 January 23, 2018 
Last March, while speaking in Lon-don at the Wall Street Journal’s In-vesting in Africa Conference, Kagame said, ‘‘I want to see Africa get its act together’’ so it is not reliant on West-ern intervention in its affairs. It is the same thing over and over again. He sees a future Africa that is more auton-omous and capable of taking care of itself and taking care of its problems. It is kind of a vision that his peers are gathering around. We shouldn’t misunderstand. Kagame is not saying that Africa should have no involvement with the United States or the West—far from it. What he wants is to have a peer-to-peer rela-tionship instead of a donor-based rela-tionship. He wants legitimate business relations between customers and sup-pliers, to join together African busi-nesses and other international compa-nies, including those in the United States. In Kagame’s vision for a new Africa, African nations will have cooperation on security and on terrorism and on trade agreements with their friends, partners, and allies. He wants to end the days of reliance upon foreign gov-ernments to solve their problems. See, there it is again. Many leaders in Africa have desired this kind of a change, but few have had the position, the influence, or the clar-ity of focus to articulate with the kind of passion that is persuasive. It is only had by Paul Kagame. There are far fewer who have this kind of record of improving the lives of their own people in the way he has. This is exactly the kind of partner-ship that the United States should have with our friends and allies in Afri-ca—should have but that we don’t have at the present time. For too long, the United States has had the wrong policy toward Africa and African nations, and most Americans still think there is only 1 country on the continent of Af-rica rather than 54 independent states that make it up. U.S. policy toward Africa should be different. U.S. policy should be a part-nership that focuses on helping Afri-cans help Africans with three key com-ponents: security, trade, and diplo-macy. The security goals of the United States in Africa should be focused on training and equipping key partners to be capable of addressing regional and continental terrorist threats that could ultimately affect the United States and to be capable of addressing regional security threats that develop in regions so that the U.S. military does not have to engage, so that it can do it instead of needing our involve-ment. This is AFRICOM’s goal. AFRICOM is something that is fairly new. We once were a part of three different commands—the Central Command, the Pacific Command, and the European Command. Now we have AFRICOM as its own command, which was designed for that express purpose. We are in-creasingly meeting these goals and ob-jectives. The second thing is that our trade focus in Africa should be on developing free trade agreements with African na-tions so that they have a reciprocal, peer relationship with our African trading partners. Fortunately, this is already the statutory policy of the United States, but it is not working that way. In 2015, a 10-year extension of the African Growth and Opportunity Act was signed into law. This is an ap-propriate policy for the near term, but long term it is not because we need to have the same kind of access to African nations as we provide to them. In this law, it explicitly states that the policy of the United States is to pursue free- trade agreements with African nations, but it doesn’t back it up with anything. In my travels to Africa, I have seen many countries are ready for free-trade agreements, but the bureaucracies over here in the United States don’t agree. They don’t think they are ready. So I introduced the African Free Trade Ini-tiative Act, which does two things. First, it requires a U.S. Trade Rep-resentative to articulate what African countries need to do to get ready for trade agreements with the United States. It is one thing for people over here or people who are desiring trade and not desiring trade to say: Well, Af-rica is not ready. What we are doing with this legislation is saying: We need to know from our Trade Representative what they need to do so they could be a part—they can get skin in their own game. Second, it requires the U.S. Trade Representative to coordinate with the Millennium Challenge Corporation and USAID so their aid dollars are focused on projects that will help prepare them for free-trade agreements with us. Now these provisions have passed and are signed into law so we are making that headway. The bureaucracies have all the tools they need, but they aren’t willing to use them because they don’t take Afri-ca seriously, they don’t view them as peers, and they look down on them be-cause they are small, but this is a shame because the economies in Africa are growing faster than any other re-gion in the world. Then there is diplomacy. Our diplo-matic focus in Africa should be focused on building relationships and align-ments with countries we can trust, that share our values and help us influ-ence the rest of the continent and the world to be favorable to the United States. For too long, we have ridden on a high horse through Africa. We have been quick to chide them for mistakes they have made, and we have been slow or completely negligent in recognizing their accomplishments. Take Rwanda as an example. I have already articulated the miracle they have experienced, but when the people of Rwanda decided to amend their Con-stitution to allow President Kagame to run for an additional term, the Obama administration condemned them. They publicly shamed Kagame for the coun-try’s actions and doubled down when he ran for reelection. That administra-tion did not have a category for the democratic process that was different from ours. They just didn’t have the category for a new nation needing help, and so they were not helpful to them. That administration also failed to rec-ognize the amazing progress Rwanda has made to improve their country and the health and education of their peo-ple, nor did they recognize the superb security assistance Rwanda provides in the region, and our relationship with Rwanda was negatively impacted by the Obama administration. We have be-come known as a condescending and unreliable partner in Africa. If we do not catch up and change our approach, our friends will find new partners, and we will be left alone. It is no secret how engaged China is on the continent. I think we all know that. Every time you travel through Africa, they say: Well, the United States tells you what you need, but we build what you need. Now, they don’t do it with African labor and all that, but they have a reason for doing this. They understand how important Africa is going to be in the coming decades so they are treating African nations ac-cordingly, as peers, as we should be doing. China has surpassed the United States as Africa’s largest trading part-ner. We have been their largest trading partner for many years, but now that has changed and China has taken over. China funded the construction of the African Union’s headquarters in Ethi-opia. Their aid dollars go toward projects that are actually needed, and the projects happen much faster than compared to ours. The United States is falling behind and at great risk. Between now and 2030, the economies of African nations are expected to grow by an average of 5 percent a year, meaning the total size of their econo-mies will nearly double in that time. By 2025, the continent will have a com-bined GDP of over $2.5 trillion and $1.4 trillion of that—that is more than half of that—will be consumer spending. Increasingly, Africa’s growing middle class will continue to become highly attractive in the business world. By 2034, Africa is expected to have the world’s largest working age population of 1.1 billion people, which could lead to a low-cost labor economic boom similar to what was experienced in East Asia after World War II. Our Na-tional Security Council has noted that these demographic and economic shifts will have enormous political con-sequences and that Africa’s role in rural politics will dramatically change because of them. Implementing this policy will benefit our people, give us greater security, give us a stronger economy, and it will add to our influence in the world in the long run. These things we need to do, and we are not doing them now. So I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.027 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES458 January 23, 2018 
am encouraging our administration to do it. We need to get these things. To implement this policy effectively, we must cultivate critical relations of in-fluence with our like-minded friends in Africa. In the Middle East, we have Israel. In Europe, we have Great Brit-ain. In Africa, we have Rwanda and Paul Kagame. So it is time to catch up. President Paul Kagame will soon be sworn in as the Chairman of the African Union. In him, we have a visionary leader who has accomplished great things for his country. He has also established him-self as a highly influential figure among African heads of State because he has set a bold vision for the future of Africa that is autonomous, self-suffi-cient, and open for business. This vi-sion is 100 percent complimentary to what the U.S. policy should be in Afri-ca. In recognizing this, it is my hope the Trump administration will embrace him and Rwanda as the American friends they are. We need to bring Rwanda close so we can work coopera-tively with them to accomplish our shared goal. Rwanda and America are like-minded friends, and we should treat them accordingly. Let me conclude with a personal story that expands a little bit on this. I had an experience in 2000. In 2000, I was called by a friend in Rwanda, and his name is Charles Murigande. He called up and he said—there is a pro-gram I have been involved in and oth-ers have been involved in, where we en-courage them to have like we have in the U.S. Senate. We have weekly Pray-er Breakfasts every Wednesday, and we encourage them to do the same thing. He called me up, and he said: We would like to have our first National Prayer Breakfast in Rwanda. Will you come over and speak? So I did. Well, 14 years later—this is quite a coincidence—in 2014, we were on an-other trip and planned to land in Bu-rundi before going to Ethiopia, but then, for security reasons, we weren’t able to land in Burundi so we stopped in Rwanda instead. Without any warn-ing—now, keep in mind, Rwanda didn’t know we were going to be there. We didn’t know we were going to be there. There was no warning whatsoever, but when we got there, as a coincidence, the next day they were having their 14th annual Prayer Breakfast. They as-sumed, since I was their speaker at their first Prayer Breakfast 14 years before, I was there to give a speech, and so I did. I say this because Paul Kagame, 14 years before that happened and every year since then and then every year since this took place, was then leading both Prayer Breakfasts. So in addition to all of the virtues of Paul Kagame that I have been talking about—perhaps too long—he is a strong man of faith, and it doesn’t get any better than that. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NOMINATION OF ALEX AZAR  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, very shortly, the Senate is going to take two votes on the President’s nominees. The first is to confirm Jerome Powell as the next Fed Chair. Once that vote wraps up, the Senate will vote on whether to begin debate on the nomi-nation of Alex Azar to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. This is one of the key roles in our en-tire Federal Government in caring for America’s sick and vulnerable. Let me begin by saying that Mr. Azar does not come with the staggering ethical chal-lenges of his predecessor, the first Trump HHS nominee, Tom Price. Here is my concern: Mr. Azar’s nomi-nation is a clear symbol of the Presi-dent’s broken promises on prescription drugs and pledge to secure better and more affordable healthcare for all Americans. At the outset of my re-marks, I am going to start with the issue of skyrocketing prescription drug prices that now clobber millions of Americans at pharmacy windows across America. It is one thing for a Presidential candidate to have claimed he would just be too busy working to have time to golf and then spend al-most 1 out of 3 days in office golfing. It is another thing altogether to promise cheaper prescription drugs to sick and vulnerable Americans who empty their pockets to pay for their medications only to abandon them completely once you are in office. Now, it was barely a year ago that Donald Trump stood before our coun-try and said prescription-hiking drug companies were getting ‘‘away with murder.’’ Those were his words, not mine, not somebody in the news media. The President said the drug companies were ‘‘getting away with murder.’’ Now he has nominated Alex Azar, a drug company executive with a docu-mented history of raising drug prices, to lead the Department of Health and Human Services. From 2012 until last year, Mr. Azar—who is the head of Eli Lilly’s American subsidiary; that is, Lilly USA—chaired the U.S. pricing re-imbursement and access steering com-mittee, which gave him a major role over drug price increases for every product Lilly marketed across the country. On Mr. Azar’s watch, the price of Forteo, a Lilly drug used to treat osteoporosis, more than doubled. The price of Effient, a Lilly drug used to treat heart disease, more than doubled. The price of Strattera, a Lilly drug used to treat ADHD, more than dou-bled. The price of Humalog, a Lilly drug used to treat diabetes, more than doubled, and these are only a few of the drugs that were under Mr. Azar’s pur-view. Mr. Azar told the Senate Finance Committee that he had never—not even one time—signed off on a decrease in the price of a medicine, and when asked about that statement in his con-firmation hearing, Mr. Azar was quick to say: That is just the way the system works, but he didn’t give us any con-crete examples of how he would buck that system if he became the head of the Department of Health and Human Services. It seems to me, given the fact that he was asked questions about what concrete ideas he had for reform-ing the system and carrying out the President’s promises to hold down pre-scription drug prices, he came up empty. I guess that says he would fit right in with the Trump administra-tion on prescription drug practices. In its first year, the Trump adminis-tration has made exactly no progress when it comes to tackling these sky-rocketing pharmaceutical prices. They don’t have any Executive orders that have any teeth in them. There don’t seem to be any new initiatives at all. No new legislation has come from the Department or the White House. Per-haps, in my view, that is because the administration seems to be busy on other fronts, like taking healthcare away from those who need it, people who can least afford to have their bills climbing upward because of a decision made by a bureaucracy here in the Na-tion’s Capital. This nomination, as you are going to hear Senators discuss tomorrow, is about more than just the administra-tion’s failure on prescription drugs. It is, in effect, a proxy on an entire healthcare agenda. This is really a ref-erendum on a healthcare policy from this administration that I think is an abject failure. It is a year in now, and the adminis-tration’s track record on healthcare is pretty clear. New data came out a few days ago showing that the number of Americans with health insurance dropped by more than 3 million people. That means 3 million Americans are a sudden illness or injury away from the nightmare of personal bankruptcy, having to sell their home or their car or empty a retirement account to es-cape from under that mountain of med-ical bills. A very substantial part of that prob-lem stems from the administration’s sabotage on the Affordable Care Act. The administration cut the open en-rollment period in half. That meant anybody who clicked on the internet, hoping to sign up this month, has found out that they are just too late. They slashed advertising budgets that helped reach the younger and healthier customers that make the private health insurance market affordable. And they made it harder for those hav-ing difficulty signing up for coverage to get a little bit of help in person. This sabotage agenda, in my view, is an attack on the kind of health insur-ance this administration says it is for. They say they are for a private health insurance market, but the fact is, what they have been doing is undermining 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.028 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S459 January 23, 2018 
the private health insurance market as part of their effort to undermine the Affordable Care Act. So this policy, perpetrated by a party and the Presi-dent who professed to want to run this country like a business, certainly doesn’t reflect the kinds of sound busi-ness practices we see from business leaders in my home State of Oregon. If that wasn’t harmful enough, the administration also is allowing fraudsters to, once again, sell junk cov-erage insurance policies that aren’t worth the paper they are printed on. A major part of the Affordable Care Act was laying down basic consumer protections for the private market. It was all about saying that Americans would no longer get stuck with junk insurance that turned out to be worth-less when they actually suffered an in-jury or came down with an illness. I can’t tell you what a step backward it is to see the sale of these junk insur-ance policies. Years ago, when I was director of the Gray Panthers, it was common to see older people buy 15 or 20 private health insurance policies to supplement their Medicare, and they weren’t worth the paper they were written on. They were junk. Finally, we got that changed. We passed a law with teeth to change it. But now the Trump administration has, with respect to the private market and the Affordable Care Act, decided to turn back the clock and bring back junk insurance in the private insurance marketplace. So instead of working on a bipartisan basis to make the private health insurance market more afford-able and competitive, the Trump ad-ministration has sabotaged those mar-kets, hiking the number of Americans without coverage and sticking a whole lot of Americans with junk coverage that, in my view, is virtually guaran-teed to fail them when they are most in need. The biggest threat their strat-egy poses on a basic level is that it wipes out the ironclad guarantee of protection for Americans with pre-existing conditions. Guarantee of ac-cess to healthcare isn’t worth much if you can’t afford it, and the Trump ad-ministration is doing a bangup job of making healthcare unaffordable for those with preexisting conditions. The Trump administration has also undermined years of progress with re-spect to women’s health. They attack the rule that says women have to be guaranteed no-cost access to contra-ception—one of the most popular healthcare rules in recent memory. Fortunately, the administration’s ac-tion on that issue has been held up in the courts, but that is only one part of the anti-women’s health agenda that plays out now. Just last week, the Trump adminis-tration overturned longstanding pro-tections dealing with States and family planning providers. This, in my view, is an attack both on a woman’s right to see the provider of their choosing and Planned Parenthood. The administra-tion is also broadening the exceptions that give employers and universities say over what kinds of healthcare women can access. Here is how Mr. Azar described his perspective on that issue when he went before the HELP Committee. He said: ‘‘We have to balance, of course, a wom-an’s choice of insurance that she would want with the conscience of the em-ployers and others.’’ We don’t have to that. A woman’s choice of healthcare is her choice—her choice and nobody else’s. The care she has access to and receives is not up to her employer and not up to her univer-sity. It is up to that woman and her physician. And now the administration is even going after protections for LGBTQ Americans. The bottom line is, the administra-tion is doing a lot more to protect the perpetrators of discrimination than the victims. Healthcare is a right in Amer-ica, but discrimination is not. The way Mr. Azar describes the posi-tion he is nominated to fill, it sounds as if he understands it. He said in his confirmation hearing: If I get this job, my job is to ‘‘enhance and protect the health and wellbeing of all Ameri-cans.’’ But he is not committed to re-versing these kinds of anti-discrimina-tory practices I just described. When I heard Mr. Azar say it would be his job to ‘‘enhance and protect the health and wellbeing of all Ameri-cans,’’ I couldn’t help but think back to the first nomination hearing the Fi-nance Committee had for a Trump HHS nominee. Back then, Tom Price told the committee it would be his job at the Department just to administer the laws passed by Congress. He would be out of the legislative business. Once he got the job, he broke his word, and that has been the norm for the Department over the year. Congress has every rea-son to believe that is going to con-tinue, regardless of the talking points Mr. Azar and administration officials use. Finally, I want to discuss Medicaid. Just in the last few weeks, the admin-istration has begun giving States a green light to slap new and punitive re-quirements and other limits on Ameri-cans covered by State Medicaid Pro-grams. My bottom line is, Medicaid is a healthcare program. The vast majority of those who count on Medicaid either already have a job or are unable to work due to old age and infirmity. We shouldn’t be trying to make life harder for those folks. The action by the Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices goes after people who are just try-ing to get by. It is a decision by bu-reaucrats in Washington, going after Americans who walk an economic tightrope, who might just be trying to take care of kids or elderly parents or struggling with a chronic condition. This looks, on Medicaid, like yet an-other ideologically motivated attack on a program that covers vulnerable Americans—all generations, from new-born infants to two out of three sen-iors. The Trump administration is giv-ing States permission to attack it. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent for 2 additional minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, in a short while, the Senate will have a clo-ture vote on Mr. Azar’s nomination to run the Department of Health and Human Services. The debate will be about a lot more than that. It is a question of whether the Trump admin-istration should be allowed to take this country backward on health and to dis-criminate against Americans. It is a question of whether the attacks on Medicaid should continue and whether this administration will be held ac-countable for its broken promises on lower drug prices, insurance for all, no cuts to Medicare or Medicaid. I regret to say to the Senate today that I have no confidence that Mr. Azar will change course at the Department of Health and Human Services. I do not support his nomination, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Powell nomina-tion? Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 84, nays 13, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 19 Ex.] YEAS—84 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.030 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES460 January 23, 2018 
NAYS—13 
Blumenthal Booker Cruz Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Lee Markey Merkley Paul Rubio Sanders Warren 
NOT VOTING—3 
Corker McCain Scott 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. 
CHANGE OF VOTE  
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, on rollcall No. 19, I voted yea. It was my intention to vote nay. I, therefore, ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to change my vote since it will not af-fect the outcome of the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The foregoing tally has been changed to reflect the above order.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. Mitch McConnell, John Boozman, Jerry Moran, Marco Rubio, Deb Fischer, John Barrasso, Richard Burr, Ben Sasse, Richard C. Shelby, Cory Gard-ner, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, Shel-ley Moore Capito, John Hoeven, Dan Sullivan, Rob Portman, John Thune. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 54, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 20 Ex.] YEAS—54 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Corker McCain Scott 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 54, the nays are 43. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indi-ana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to vote against the confirmation of Alex Azar to serve as Secretary of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, or HHS. When Congress confirms some-body to be HHS Secretary, they are putting that person in charge of some of the most important decisions made by the Federal Government—decisions that touch the lives of every family in America. The safety of the food inside our refrigerators, the quality of our nursing homes where our grandmothers live, the price of our health insurance policy, the government’s response to a flu outbreak—on these issues and many, many more, the HHS Secretary calls the shots. When Congress debated Tom Price’s nomination to be Secretary of Health and Human Services 1 year ago, I said that we should not hand over the keys to this agency unless we were abso-lutely sure that he would put the American people first every minute of every day. And let’s be honest: Tom Price did not clear that bar; he didn’t even come close. No. When he was nom-inated, Tom Price already had a track record of using his position in govern-ment to help exactly one person: Tom Price. But Senate Republicans were so excited to get started gutting the Af-fordable Care Act and ripping up Med-icaid that they jammed his nomination through without a single Democratic vote. It turns out we are looking at some-one whose record is a pretty good way to judge how they are going to fight for the American people. Tom Price didn’t spend his time as HHS Secretary work-ing for American families; he spent it burning taxpayer dollars as he flew around on private jets and military air-craft. During the 8 months Tom Price was on the job, he put his own interests before those of the American people— again and again. Now President Trump has nominated Alex Azar to be Tom Price’s replace-ment as Secretary of HHS. Republicans have been trying to spin Mr. Azar as a breath of fresh air—someone who can be trusted to stay off private jets while he helps them carry out their plans to gut the Affordable Care Act and Med-icaid without attracting quite so much unwanted attention. The American people aren’t fooled by the spin because in the ways that mat-ter most, Alex Azar is like Tom Price. Mr. Azar’s resume reads like a how-to manual for profiting off government service. About a decade ago, he worked in government, helping regulate the Nation’s most profitable drug compa-nies. When he left, he shot straight through the revolving door and became an executive at Eli Lilly drug com-pany. Last year, they paid him more than $3.5 million. Not bad. Now he wants to swing right back through the revolving door again and once again regulate those same drug companies— regulate them at least until he decides to spin through the revolving door again and make more money from drug companies. I don’t think private sector experi-ence should disqualify anyone from serving. I am rooting as hard as anyone for an HHS Secretary who actually cares about the job. But the American people deserve to know that the person running HHS is looking out for them and not for his own bank accounts or for the profits of his former employer or what makes him more marketable to his next employer. That is why Mr. Azar faced some very tough questions in his confirma-tion hearing before the HELP Com-mittee about whether he would be will-ing to hold giant drug companies ac-countable when they break the law. After all, he worked for Eli Lilly while they were cleaning up the mess after being forced to pay the largest crimi-nal fine of its kind in U.S. history—a punishment for lying about one of its drugs and peddling that drug to nurs-ing homes as a treatment for dementia and Alzheimer’s with no proof that it worked. The word for that, by the way, is ‘‘fraud.’’ Eli Lilly’s scheme cost the government, and taxpayers, billions of dollars. Mr. Azar started out by saying the right thing about this. He said: 
Oh, that sort of behavior is unacceptable. Of course, anyone who breaks the law should be held accountable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.018 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S461 January 23, 2018 
Sounds great. But then I scratched the surface just a little. When I pressed just a little bit harder and asked him to give the American people something more than a polished talking point, he started dancing around in his chair, bobbing, weaving, doing everything he could to avoid answering the question. Mr. Azar said he believed lawbreakers should be held accountable. I asked him five separate times during his con-firmation hearing whether he thought Eli Lilly’s settlement represented ade-quate accountability for the company’s illegal behavior—five times in a row. He dodged, he danced, and he refused to give a straight answer. I asked him twice whether CEOs should be held per-sonally accountable when drug compa-nies like Eli Lilly break the law. Both times, he squirmed away from the question like it was some kind of snake that would bite him. The American people deserve better than an HHS Secretary who struggles to answer the question of whether giant drug companies and their CEOs should face the music when they cheat taxpayers and lie about drugs. On the topic of the Affordable Care Act, it is the same story all over again. Mr. Azar spent his whole confirmation hearing before the HELP Committee pretending that the Trump administra-tion hasn’t been trying to rip up healthcare coverage for tens of mil-lions of Americans. He sat before the committee, like butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth, saying things like ‘‘Oh, I don’t think the Administration wanted fewer people to enroll in health insur-ance coverage. I’m sure they just cut the enrollment period in half because they thought it would improve access to insurance.’’ He actually said that. When I heard that, I wondered if he thought we were stupid. His answer was so ridiculous that I even asked him a followup question in writing to make sure I had it right, and he responded— think about this—that when the Trump administration cut the period of time that people could enroll for health in-surance, he said, ‘‘I do not agree with the characterization that the Adminis-tration or the Department has made an effort to undercut open enrollment.’’ You can’t make this stuff up. Republicans want to pretend that Alex Azar is totally different from Tom Price because Tom Price was a terrible HHS Secretary who didn’t put the American people first. I don’t see the difference. I see someone who doesn’t want to say it out loud but who intends to behave exactly like Tom Price when he sits down behind Tom Price’s old desk. He will support efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, gut efforts to enroll people in health insurance, and take Medicaid away from people who need it the most. No one here should be fooled. This week is the 1-year anniversary of Tom Price’s confirmation hearing before the Senate, and we know how that ended. The American people deserve better. They deserve an HHS Secretary who will put them first. I will be voting against Alex Azar because I don’t be-lieve he meets that standard. Mr. President, I yield. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about why I, too, will be opposing Alex Azar to be the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices. I appreciate, as always, my great friend from Massachusetts and her ad-vocacy for the people of her State and all of the country. Perhaps more than any other agency, the Department of Health and Human Services touches the lives of people in Michigan and across the country every single day. It provides families access to Head Start and other early child-hood education programs that help our youngest learners get off to a strong start. It helps ensure that families have health insurance, whether through Medicare, Medicaid, children’s health insurance, or private insurance. It administers the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, which makes sure that medications are safe and effective. It works to ensure that health insurance and prescription drugs are affordable because the best medication and health coverage in the world will not help anyone if they can’t afford them. In short, this position is all about people. I expect our next Secretary of Health and Human Services to, above all, put people before politics or prof-its. Unfortunately, I do not have con-fidence that Mr. Azar will do that. Some of my biggest concerns come in the area of prescription drugs prices— an issue that is extremely important in Michigan. I have spent a tremendous amount of time focused on that over the years, on what needs to happen. Bringing down costs for families is a very, very critical issue for so many, if not every family in Michigan. Far too many of our families are struggling to keep up with the rising cost of pre-scription drugs. Take Patricia, who is 73 years old and a retired nurse. Patricia’s doctor prescribed Humira for her severe rheu-matoid arthritis. When she called the pharmacy, she learned the prescription would cost $1,405. Patricia told me: 
There is absolutely no way I can afford this amount on a monthly basis. Someone somewhere is getting extremely wealthy off of seniors. These companies should be called to task for their greed. 
I agree with Patricia. We know that Patricia is not alone in her struggling to afford her medica-tion. Between 2008 and 2016, prices on the most popular brand name drugs rose over 208 percent—more than dou-ble in the United States. I can tell you that the average Michi-gan family’s income didn’t double dur-ing that same time. These outrageous price increases force people in Michi-gan and across the country to do things we have heard so much about—split pills in half, skip doses, and even go bankrupt—just to stay on the medica-tions they need to stay healthy or to even stay alive. These folks are spend-ing money on prescriptions that they could be using to save for their retire-ments or to pay for college for their kids. That is wrong, and it needs to change. I don’t believe that Mr. Azar—a long- time pharmaceutical company execu-tive with a track record of dramati-cally increasing drug prices—is the per-son who can make that change. Here is an example: insulin. People who have diabetes, as we know, need it to stay alive—children, adults, seniors. Yet staying alive has become increas-ingly unaffordable, in part, thanks to Mr. Azar, the former president of Eli Lilly USA. The price of one vile of Eli Lilly’s Humalog increased from $21 in 1996 to $123, when Mr. Azar became its President, to $255 in 2017, when Mr. Azar left. As we know, people need more than one vile. Mr. Azar says he agrees that prices are too high, but he does not seem ready or willing to do much about it. I want to know, if he thought they were too high, why he didn’t lower them rather than raise them when he was in his position as president of Eli Lilly USA. I told him that the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine at our Finance hearing recommended allowing HHS to nego-tiate prices. He said they were wrong, that the Federal Government shouldn’t negotiate prices for people to get the best deal. Common sense tells us that that is what should be happening and should have been happening for years. Mr. Azar also opposes the importa-tion of safe and affordable prescription drugs from Canada. That is despite the fact that his former company, Eli Lilly, sells the identical insulin prod-uct in Canada and around the world for less than it sells it for here. Now, let’s get this picture. One can go across a bridge from Detroit, into Windsor, which is 5 minutes, 10 min-utes across the bridge, and dramati-cally drop the cost of one’s insulin from the same company. Eli Lilly and other drug companies argue that the problem is it is not safe. So are they saying that Eli Lilly’s insulin on one side of the bridge, in Windsor, is not safe to take across to the other side of the bridge? We open our bridges, and we export and import every single day most everything but prescription drugs. Why does Mr. Azar think people in Michigan should pay more for a dec-ades-old drug than the people who are just a few miles away in Canada? By the way, insulin has been around for—what?—I don’t know—100 years or something. I mean, at some point, you recoup your costs, but this particular brand of insulin is sold on one side of the bridge in one country, in Canada, for less than it sells it on the other side. People in Michigan need to know why they think that makes any sense. It sure doesn’t make any sense to me, and it sure doesn’t make any sense to Steven from Michigan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.037 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES462 January 23, 2018 
Steven is a 47-year-old veteran from Swartz Creek, who has type 2 diabetes. His doctor prescribed an Eli Lilly medication called Glyxambi, which has worked really well to control his blood sugar, but he cannot afford it. The medication costs more than $2,000 for a 90-day supply, and there is no generic equivalent. Hmm. I wonder what it costs in Canada. In Steven’s words: 
The drug companies are holding us hos-tage! I now see why some seniors cut their meds in half. Something has to be done. 
I couldn’t agree more. Something has to be done, as Steven has said. Unfortu-nately, I don’t believe that Mr. Azar will do it. Drug prices aren’t the only issue that concern me about this nomination. Last week, we learned that 3.2 million more Americans were uninsured at the end of last year, in December, than at the end of the year before. There were 3.2 million more people who didn’t have insurance. It was the largest single year drop in the number of people who have insurance. It was the highest in-crease since 2008 of those who don’t have insurance. This was a huge step backward from just a year earlier when the United States hit an all-time low of 10.9 percent of the number of people who didn’t have insurance. Recently, we saw the passage of a tax bill that, among other things, will leave 13 mil-lion more Americans uninsured and will drive up the premiums—even high-er—by double digits. They are not done yet. Right now, the HHS and the Trump administration are considering rules that would expand the availability of insurance plans that don’t cover essen-tial health benefits. At another time, they were called junk plans. I can re-member before we put in place the re-quirement for basic health benefits to be covered that someone would call me and say: I have had insurance for years and have never needed it. I got sick and discovered—oh, my gosh—it would only cover 1 day in the hospital. I didn’t know. Those are called junk plans. You think you are OK until you actually need medical care, until you actually need coverage. Then you find out you were paying for something that was just a bunch of junk. We now have in place consumer pro-tections. We have in place consumer requirements that are called essential benefits. Why? Because they are essen-tial. Emergency room coverage is pret-ty essential as well as hospitalization. Everybody assumes, if one has insur-ance, one is covered in the hospital for the amount of time one needs to be in the hospital. Mental health and sub-stance abuse treatment, prescription drugs, and maternity care are basic things that every person may need in one’s lifetime as it relates to one’s health. When I asked Mr. Azar if he believed plans should have to cover essential health benefits, he avoided really an-swering the question. He said that he would ‘‘work to ensure the least dis-ruptive approach to implementing these policies and to appropriately con-sider the concerns expressed by stake-holders’’—called people who need healthcare—‘‘during the rulemaking process.’’ We don’t need the least dis-ruptive approach to implement bad rules. Instead, we need an approach that doesn’t disrupt people’s healthcare. This is a matter of life and death every day for someone in Michi-gan and across the country. I also asked Mr. Azar whether he be-lieves that all health plans should be required to cover maternity care and newborn care at no additional cost. It is pretty basic. If you are a woman, it is pretty basic in terms of coverage. Once again, he ducked, saying, ‘‘It is critical that every woman have access to high-quality prenatal care.’’ We know what that means because, before the Affordable Care Act, only 12 per-cent of the plans in the individual mar-ket covered maternity and newborn care. You find yourself in a situation as a young woman—a very common situa-tion that will happen—where you are newly married and struggling to get started. You don’t plan to get sick, and you are not planning to have a baby, so you get the skimpiest health plan that you can have that you think will kind of cover you. Then something happens. Fifty percent of the time, we know that in young couples, there are unex-pected pregnancies. Then whoops. It is prior to the Affordable Care Act. Oh, now you have a preexisting condition. You are going to have to pay more if you can get coverage at all. I cannot tell you how many times I have heard that from women I know, from people I represent in Michigan. It is pretty basic for women that mater-nity care and newborn care should be covered, and it is now without extra cost because it is basic care for women. Yet we have an HHS nominee who is not willing to say: Yes, maternity care is basic for women, and women shouldn’t have to pay more to get basic healthcare, like maternity care and newborn care. Let me speak about another issue. If confirmed, Mr. Azar would also be in charge of Medicare and Medicaid, which raises additional concerns for me about the people whom I represent. Thanks to Michigan’s Medicaid ex-pansion—a bipartisan effort in Michi-gan—660,000 more people have insur-ance, and uncompensated care has been cut by 50 percent—cut in half—which means 50 percent more of the people who walk into the emergency room can actually pay for the care they are get-ting. It is not rolled over onto every-body else. It used to be, if somebody could not pay, everybody else would see his insurance rate go up, and tax-payers would pay more. Those costs have gone down 50 percent, and 30,000 jobs have been created as part of that process. Projections show that last year, the State of Michigan ended up saving money for the taxpayers; $432 million was saved because more people had insurance and could pay for the medical care they were getting. I thought that was what we wanted—for people to be able to pay for their med-ical care. Despite the President’s promise not to cut Medicaid, every Republican health proposal that came before Con-gress last year had one thing in com-mon—huge cuts to Medicaid. Then-Sec-retary Price pushed for the passage of these bills, and during that time, Mr. Azar said he supported those bills to gut Medicaid. In fact, the current budg-et resolution that we are under, which was passed by this Senate, has $1 tril-lion in Medicaid cuts, as well as almost one-half trillion dollars in Medicare cuts. It has not yet taken effect be-cause they have to take another step to actually pass the bills in the Senate, but it is ready to go. It is in the budget resolution. Mr. Azar said he supported the bills, and it would put Medicaid on a more sustainable footing. Three out of five seniors in Michigan who are in nursing homes get their nursing home care through Medicaid health insurance— three out of five seniors. A more sus-tainable footing? Not for them and not for their families. I will tell you what is not sustainable—Michigan families trying to survive without health cov-erage, the medical care that they need. In conclusion, the people in Michigan know what the next Secretary of Health and Human Services needs to do. It is a pretty big job that affects part of everyone’s life in some way. That person needs to, among other things, bring down the cost of prescrip-tion drugs immediately through the power of negotiation. He needs to take the shackles off in terms of exporting and importing prescription drugs. Just like any other product, we ought to have safe importation and competition across the border to bring down prices. We ought to have increased trans-parency, not the nominee’s history of raising prices over and over. That per-son needs to protect and strengthen Medicaid and Medicare, not cut bene-fits, and that person needs to enforce patient protections, like the essential health benefits, like the ability for a woman to know that her basic healthcare—and, if she has a baby, pre-natal care or postnatal care—will be covered without her having to pay more because she is a woman. That is what should be happening—patient pro-tections. We do not need someone who thinks it is OK to go backward and erode them. That is why I am voting no on Mr. Azar’s confirmation. I hope my col-leagues will take a serious look and do the same. The health of the people of Michigan and the people of this coun-try depends on it. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.038 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S463 January 23, 2018 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, all postcloture time on the Azar nomi-nation expire at 2:15 p.m. tomorrow, January 24, and the Senate vote on confirmation of the Azar nomination with no intervening action or debate; finally, that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, following the cloture vote on the Brownback nomination, the Senate proceed to the consideration of the fol-lowing nomination: Executive Calendar No. 552. I ask consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD , and the Senate resume consid-eration of the Brownback nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING GLENN CALEBS, SR. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on November 16, 2017, Laurel County lost a beloved presence in their community with the passing of Glenn Calebs, Sr. He was 92 and dedicated his life to serv-ing this country and those around him. A Navy veteran of the Second World War and a member of the Greatest Gen-eration, Glenn had a strong sense of pa-triotism. Those who knew him said he made it a priority to participate in the annual Veterans Day celebrations in Laurel County whenever possible. The judge-executive of Laurel County re-called that he knew he could count on Glenn to be at his side during the pa-rade every year. Members of the community knew how deeply Glenn cherished his family and his church. One of his friends said it best when he recalled to a local newspaper, ‘‘He was a true gentlemen of Laurel County. . . . He was a pillar of the community and the community will miss him.’’ We are forever grateful for Glenn’s service to our country at a time when we needed it most. I ask my colleagues to join Elaine and me as we send our condolences to his three children and four grandchildren. We hope that their fond memories of his selfless spirit will help them heal from their loss. Mr. President, the Sentinel Echo re-cently published an article on Glenn’s life and service. I ask unanimous con-sent that a copy of the article be print-ed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Sentinel Echo, Nov. 17, 2017] C
ALEBS REMEMBERED  (By Nita Johnson) Although his hair became a silvery white as the years went by, the smile and love for others that marked Glenn Calebs Sr. never did. The 92-year-old World War II Navy veteran passed away on Wednesday at the University of Kentucky Medical Center, where he had been a patient for the past several weeks. Calebs spent his life as a farmer after serv-ing his country during the war. He was dedi-cated to his family, his church, and his com-munity. He was extremely proud of his military service. It was seldom that Calebs was not present for the annual Veterans Day activi-ties at various locations in the area. In fact, his recent illness that kept him in Lexington during this year’s Veterans Day celebrations was a source of worry for the elderly man. Laurel County Judge Executive David Westerfield got emotional during this year’s program, telling that since the ceremonies began six years ago there had been three peo-ple who rode in Westerfield’s vehicle in the initial parades. ‘‘I’ve always had Warren Scoville, my brother Johnny and Glenn Calebs ride with me,’’ Westerfield said. ‘‘This year none of them are here.’’ Westerfield paid tribute to Calebs after hearing of his passing. ‘‘Glenn Calebs was a very well respected individual in our community,’’ he said. ‘‘He was a very close friend of mine that I en-joyed spending time with. He always went out of his way to help anyone. He proudly served his country and was always involved in our Veterans’ parade each year. ‘‘Ironically, my last conversation with Glenn was a phone call he made to me a lit-tle over two weeks ago, letting me know that he wouldn’t be able to attend the Vet-erans Parade this year. He was so dis-appointed that he wouldn’t be able to be there, ‘‘I will always treasure his friendship and he will be greatly missed,’’ Westerfield said. That sentiment was seconded by Charlie Pennington, who served as a U.S. Marshal, board member of the London Laurel County Industrial Development Authority and its eventual director. ‘‘He was a true gentleman of Laurel Coun-ty,’’ Pennington said. ‘‘They don’t make them like that every day.’’ Pennington said he was more familiar with Calebs from his farming ventures. ‘‘He made his presence known at Farmers Markets. He always raised a garden and had a big crop of tomatoes,’’ he said. ‘‘He had a daughter and two sons and all are fine people,’’ Pennington added. ‘‘He was a pillar of the community and the commu-nity will miss him.’’ f REMEMBERING BUD HAYS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to remember the life of Bud Hays of Knott County, KY, who passed away on November 21, 2017, at the age of 98. A veteran of the U.S. Army, Bud received multiple awards for his military service during World War II. Born in Quicksand, KY, Bud was the youngest of a dozen children. The fam-ily moved to Hindman, KY, where Bud grew up in a small log cabin. He later enlisted in the Army at the age of 16. Serving on the front lines during the Second World War, Bud traveled around the world to Germany, Africa, and Australia in service to his Nation. Under the command of General Patton as an Army infantry medic, Bud risked his own life in order to save the lives of other soldiers. Bud was shot in the hand and, after being discharged, re-ceived the Purple Heart, Military Heart, and Bronze Star. After World War II, Bud returned to Knott County, where he ran a grocery store, drove a school bus, and raised a family. Bud and his wife, Elouise, had four children: his son Doug, as well as his three daughters Kathy, Linda, and Marlene. Elaine and I send our condo-lences to their children, their family, and friends. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STAN STEIDEL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to recognize a legend in Kentucky’s high school athletics, Coach Stan Steidel. This month, Day-ton High School in Campbell County is marking Stan’s decades of service to the school and its students by renam-ing the basketball court in his honor. I would like to join the community in thanking Stan for his support of Ken-tucky’s student-athletes. Stan, who graduated from Dayton High School in 1959, has spent more than 50 years in education, helping guide the next generation of Kentuck-ians to a bright future. Throughout his career, he has earned a long list of ac-colades as a coach, a teacher, an ath-letic director, and as an administrator. In 1979, along with a group of coach-es, Stan established Kentucky’s ‘‘All A’’ Classic, a tournament for smaller schools. The first basketball tour-nament in 1980 hosted eight schools, all from northern Kentucky. Through the persistence of many individuals like Stan, the classic continued to grow. In 1990, the founders’ dream became re-ality with a statewide tournament with the winning teams from 16 re-gions. The classic has continued to develop, adding more sports, arts, academic team competition, and Junior ROTC tournaments. It has also grown as a program to help student-athletes com-pete at a collegiate level, giving more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.040 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES464 January 23, 2018 
than $500,000 in scholarships to attend Kentucky schools. Because of Stan’s passionate leadership, countless Ken-tucky students are able to hone their skills and compete across the Common-wealth. I would like to congratulate Stan for this impressive honor and thank him for a career of dedicated service to young people throughout Kentucky. I am proud to join with the Kentucky athletic community in celebrating Stan’s accomplishments. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GILBERT ‘‘GIL’’ VANOVER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Gilbert ‘‘Gil’’ Vanover, who has committed his life to serving the people of McCreary County, KY, and the country. A Korean war veteran, Gil joined the U.S. Air Force in 1950 after he grad-uated from McCreary County High School. During a mission in a B–26 Bomber, Gil’s plane was shot down, forcing him and his team to evacuate. Gil parachuted out of the plane and was later rescued by Allied Forces. During his landing, Gil suffered sev-eral injuries, causing him to be dis-charged from the Air Force. However, that did not dissuade him from serving his country again, and he reenlisted. After 28 years of service to his Nation, he retired as a first sergeant at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. Among his many well-earned rec-ognitions, Gil was awarded the Bronze Star and the Cross of Gallantry Air Medal for his selfless military service to our country. After his career in the Armed Forces, Gil returned back to his hometown to serve his community in a new way: as a teacher. He taught history for 15 years at McCreary County High School, the same school he had at-tended years before. I would like to urge my colleagues to join me in thanking Gil for his bravery and perseverance in his service to our country, as well as his commitment to the next generation of his community in McCreary County. He is an inspira-tion to his students, neighbors, and all who seek to help others. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SOUTHEASTERN KENTUCKY REHABILITATION IN-DUSTRIES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the work of the Southeastern Kentucky Rehabilita-tion Industries, SEKRI, a nonprofit or-ganization in Corbin, KY, which helps provide employment opportunities for individuals with disabilities. Before its founding in 1971, men and women with mental or physical disabil-ities in southeastern Kentucky often struggled to find real opportunities for employment. Since SEKRI was estab-lished, it has helped many men and women find work. Seventy-five percent of SEKRI’s workforce is comprised of individuals with disabilities who produce garments such as caps and pro-tective gear for the Armed Forces. Today SEKRI has five plants, four of which are in Kentucky, and employs over 550 individuals throughout the re-gion. SEKRI plans to open its sixth plant in Pineville, KY, this year. For more than 45 years, SEKRI has helped hundreds of workers with dis-abilities in eastern Kentucky partici-pate in the workforce. I would like to commend SEKRI for its many con-tributions to the Commonwealth of Kentucky. f 
TRIBUTE TO WALTER MONDALE Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, I would like to celebrate Vice President Walter Mondale, who recently marked his 90th birthday. When Vice President Mon-dale was asked about the legacy of the Carter administration, he responded this way: ‘‘We told the truth, we obeyed the law and we kept the peace— and that’s not bad.’’ Not only was that description apt and characteristically humble, I submit that it captures Wal-ter Mondale’s values and virtues. First, Walter Mondale tells the truth. And aren’t we so sorely in need of this today? Sometimes, when Mr. Mondale told the truth, it was painful. And sometimes, when he told the truth, he paid a political price. But truth in pub-lic service is a luminous thing, and Walter Mondale has always shone brightly. Honesty was taught early by his par-ents, Theodore, a Methodist minister, and Claribel, a music teacher. An old friend of Mondale’s once observed that he would often ask, ‘‘I wonder what my mother’s going to think about that?’’ Well, his mother did not see her son be-come Vice President and ambassador, and Reverend Mondale did not see him become attorney general and Senator, but I suspect, he thinks about them still. Second, Walter Mondale respects the rule of law and lives the rule of law. And aren’t we so sorely in need of this today? Not surprisingly, one of Fritz and Joan Mondale’s favorite movies was ‘‘A Man for All Seasons,’’ in which Sir Thomas More famously observes that, when the last law is down and the Devil turns on you, there is no place to hide. In other words, the rule of law protects all of us. You might say, well, respect for the law is just the baseline we might ex-pect of the most famous graduate of the University of Minnesota’s law school—now Mondale Hall—who went on to become the State’s chief lawyer; yet we have seen that even prominent public officials, trained in the law, can cut corners when tempted by money or power. Walter Mondale has never cut cor-ners. In both his private life and his public life, this is a man who has al-ways turned square corners. Finally, Walter Mondale works for peace. And aren’t we so sorely in need of this today? We know of the Vice President’s im-portant role in the Camp David Peace Accords and the Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty. We know of his role as ambas-sador to one of our most important al-lies. But when we think of Walter Mon-dale and peace, we must think also of his goal of community reconciliation through civil rights. As the lead author of the Fair Housing Act, for more than half a century, he has fought for equity and fairness. Yes, Walter Mondale tells the truth, obeys the law, and works for peace. That, I would suggest, is not just ‘‘not bad’’; it is wonderful and extraor-dinary. As I recognize Vice President Mon-dale and his contributions to this coun-try, I wish him a happy birthday. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING MARGARET SOONG MEOW LEE ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I rise today with a heavy heart to pay tribute to Margaret Soong Meow Lee, a remarkable educator, researcher, and family woman. Sadly, Mrs. Lee passed away on August 1, 2017. She will be re-membered for her dedication to helping others as well as for her invaluable contributions to the field of forensic science. Mrs. Lee was born in Sarawak, Ma-laysia, and went on to earn her bach-elor’s degree in education from Taiwan Normal University. Subsequently, she received a master’s degree in education from Long Island University and a postgraduate certificate from Seton Hall University in bilingual and multi-lingual education. Mrs. Lee became a teacher and ulti-mately an assistant high school prin-cipal in Sarawak and served as the commissioner of women’s affairs. She brought her love for educating others to the United States and continued teaching in New York. Her impressive career in the New York City public school system lasted nearly a decade. After moving to Connecticut, Mrs. Lee worked at the Veterans Adminis-tration Hospital in West Haven as a computer programming analyst for 20 years. Her exemplary work at the VA hospital still benefits that facility. Mrs. Lee’s extraordinary life’s work includes her husband’s career as well. As the wife of Dr. Henry C. Lee, the founder of the University of New Ha-ven’s Institute of Forensic Science and internationally renowned forensic sci-entist, Mrs. Lee accompanied her hus-band to hundreds, if not thousands, of his lectures. Throughout the course of his distinguished criminal justice ca-reer, Dr. Lee received unfailing support and assistance from his wife. They traveled the world together, with Mrs. Lee serving as a trusted sounding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JA6.020 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S465 January 23, 2018 
board, expert aide de camp, and vital source of insight and perspective. Her remarkable intelligence and wisdom greatly assisted Dr. Lee and the many professionals and criminal justice ex-perts who worked with him. I have val-ued my personal relationship of many years with these two uniquely tal-ented, insightful, and public-spirited friends and professionals. Known as a caring mother, excellent educator, and strong advocate for the University of New Haven’s inter-national students, Mrs. Lee received many awards including a ‘‘Mother of the Year’’ award by the Chinese Amer-ican Parent-Student Council of New York City and an honorary doctor of humane letters degree in 2012 from the University of New Haven. To honor her ongoing memory and strong support for the university, the Margaret Lee Scholarship Fund was established upon her passing. My wife, Cynthia, and I extend our deepest sympathies to Mrs. Lee’s fam-ily during this difficult time, particu-larly to her husband—a dear friend and role model of public service—their two children, and their four grandchildren. May their many wonderful memories of Mrs. Lee provide them solace and com-fort in the days ahead.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING REVEREND MAR-ION BASCOM AND KONSTANTINE PREVAS ∑Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 50th anni-versary of the appointment of Rev. Marion Bascom and Konstantine Prevas, Esq., to the Baltimore City Board of Fire Commissioners. These two men made significant contribu-tions to the city of Baltimore and the Baltimore City Fire Department. On January 23, 1968, Reverend Bascom was sworn in by Mayor Thom-as D’Alessandro III as Baltimore City’s first African-American member of the Board of Fire Commissioners. Mr. Konstantine Prevas was also sworn in that day. Reverend Bascom was a min-ister and fighter for social and eco-nomic equity. Mr. Prevas was an attor-ney, WWII veteran, and a leader of the Greek community with a long family history in the Baltimore business com-munity. These two men may not have known about the great task that lay ahead of them, yet they both under-took each challenge and opportunity with vigor and commitment. The Balti-more City Fire Department is the bene-ficiary of their outstanding and tireless efforts. Although Baltimore’s fire depart-ment was desegregated in 1953 under the administration of Mayor Thomas D’Alessandro, Jr., in 1968, it still had vestiges of Jim Crow. Segregation in-side the firehouses and unfairness in the areas of discipline and promotions were among the issues that needed to be addressed. Commissioners Bascom and Prevas were well-suited to lead the fight against these inequalities. Commissioner Bascom did not think that being the first African-American in leadership of Baltimore’s fire de-partment was the key to change in an institution that had a legacy of nepo-tism. He always credited Commissioner Prevas for being the deciding vote on a three-vote panel to move the depart-ment forward. Reverend Bascom would often say, ‘‘Never forget the name of Konstantine Prevas. ‘‘Gus’’ Prevas was my friend. He voted with me on every issue that was of interest to Black peo-ple. If it was not for him, you still would be sitting on the Black toilet, sleeping in the Black bed, eating off the Black plate, drinking coffee out of the Black cup and washing up in the Black sink.’’ Thanks to the outstanding leadership of these two commissioners, the dif-ficult challenges long facing the de-partment were met with increased scrutiny and examination. The ‘‘good old boy’’ system, discrimination in as-signments and promotions, bias in met-ing out discipline, and inequality in working and living conditions, all were finally being taken seriously. The Afri-can-American members of the depart-ment were invited to share their views of the issues that needed correction di-rectly with the fire board. After a se-ries of meetings, the following state-ment was released from an executive session of the fire board: ‘‘The Board wishes to clearly state that it is unal-terably opposed to the unwritten rule that seems to prevail in a few isolated fire houses with respect to the use of beds, toilets and other facilities. All such facilities are provided by the City for use by all members and are not to be assigned on the basis of race. In short, if there are any ‘‘unwritten’’ rules that cause discrimination in any form whatsoever, they will be elimi-nated immediately.’’ Commissioners Bascom and Prevas were not afraid to make waves to cor-rect the injustices they observed. For example, they agreed to be witnesses in one of our Nation’s first lawsuits to ad-dress discrimination in public safety. In addition, they helped the Baltimore business community acquire property to build a new ‘‘super station’’ in down-town Baltimore. While negative news-paper editorials endangered the project’s funding and historic architec-tural considerations complicated its design and construction, the commis-sioners’ support for the project was un-wavering. Defending their plan, they asked who would question replacing ob-solete firehouses that were 60 to 100 years old. As the records of the board of fire Commissioners state, ‘‘In addi-tion to the aesthetic benefits to the area involved, there will be but one new building to maintain as opposed to three old and costly buildings—and most important to all citizens—the fire house complex will afford an improved efficiency of response for the fire fight-ing units and ambulance units sta-tioned therein.’’ These consolidations created a more efficient and effective delivery of service to the hub of the city. The concept was so successful that it inspired construction of another large station on the east side of the city, which is home to eight fire serv-ice units and four specialty units. Fire-house Magazine has reported that Steadman Station was ‘‘the Busiest Station in the Nation,’’ having 3,000 more runs than the next busiest sta-tion in the country. The experience of the April 1968 riots exposed the inadequacy of the depart-ment’s personal protective equipment. Observations during firefighting oper-ations indicated a need for two-way hand-held radios, and several pieces of the second line apparatus did not con-form with the Maryland Motor Vehicle Code. Once exposed, these matters be-came the priority of the members of the fire board until the funding was ob-tained and the equipment put into service. The fire board also created the emer-gency medical system of the Baltimore City Fire Department, whose mark on the city is apparent today. One exam-ple is the approval of a request from Dr. Gustav C. Voigt, director of the coronary care unit of Baltimore City Hospitals. Dr. Voigt presented a pro-posal for a pilot project for a specially equipped and staffed ambulance for heart attack patients. Many believe that early support for this project lay the foundation for today’s basic and advanced life support service. The board also worked with fraternal orga-nizations, firefighters and the commu-nity to promote the idea of Dr. Thomas J. Krisek, chief of plastic surgery, to establish a burn unit in city hospitals. That unit has become part of the Johns Hopkins Health System, known as Maryland’s Regional Burn Center. The offer by the Bell System of a universal emergency number 911, education of the community concerning the pulling of false alarms, and enhancement of community outreach to improve rela-tions between the public and members of the fire department were also sig-nificant initiatives undertaken by the board. The Baltimore City Fire Department is one of the most diverse and accom-plished fire departments in our Nation. I am delighted to recognize its achieve-ments and the lasting contributions of Rev. Marion Bascom and Konstantine Prevas.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.022 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES466 January 23, 2018 
(The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on January 22, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the amendment of the House to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 195) to amend title 44, United States Code, to restrict the distribution of free printed copies of the Federal Reg-ister to Members of Congress and other officers and employees of the United States, and for other purposes. The message also announced that the House agreed to the following concur-rent resolution, without amendment: 
S. Con. Res. 33. Concurrent resolution pro-viding for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 195. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on January 22, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-lowing enrolled bill: 
H.R. 195. An act making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bill was signed on January 22, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communication was laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and was referred as indicated: 
EC–4130. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a proclamation relative to im-ports of large residential washers and certain crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells (wheth-er or not partially or fully assembled into other products); to the Committee on Fi-nance. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–163. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislative Assembly of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico requesting the President of the United States and the United States Congress take any and all actions to imme-diately transfer the operations of the Puerto Rico Air National Guard from its current lo-cation at the Muniz Air National Guard Base in the Luis Munoz-Marin International Air-port (LMMIA) to the Jose Aponte-De la Torre Airport in the grounds of the former Naval Station Roosevelt Roads in Ceiba; to the Committee on Armed Services. JOINT RESOLUTION 73 
STATEMENT OF MOTIVES  Public Law 114–187 (2016), known as the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA), estab-lishes a process to identify as ‘‘critical’’ cer-tain projects directed at addressing fiscal and infrastructure emergencies in Puerto Rico, and whose approval, consideration, per-mitting, and implementation shall be expe-dited and streamlined. Among the ‘‘critical’’ projects are those that are deteriorating and that affect the development of Puerto Rico such as, construction or capital improve-ment projects in abandoned sectors. Thus, pursuant to PROMESA, the Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo A. Rossello ´-Nevarez signed Executive Order 2017–003 of January 2, 2017, whereby he declared a state of emer-gency in Puerto Rico with regard to the in-frastructure for the rendering of services, di-recting all government agencies to adhere to the expedited process provided in PROMESA when issuing permits, consultations, en-dorsements, comments, recommendations, and certifications for infrastructure projects. Furthermore, as part of the public policy established by this administration and in-cluded in the Plan for Puerto Rico, the rede-velopment of Roosevelt Roads constitutes one of the projects identified as emblematic, critical, urgent, and necessary for the eco-nomic recovery and the sustainable eco-nomic development of Puerto Rico. In order to implement said public policy, the Gov-ernor of Puerto Rico established, through Executive Order 2017–004 of January 2, 2017, the ‘‘21st Century Critical Infrastructure Project Interagency Group’’ attached to the Office of the Governor, charged with coordi-nating the efforts and works of government entities in the evaluation and issuance of permits and other necessary transactions for the development of critical, strategic, and emblematic infrastructure projects pre-sented pursuant to PROMESA. It is, there-fore, the duty of said Interagency Group to coordinate the efforts to render the Roo-sevelt Roads’ emblematic and critical rede-velopment project feasible. Over fifteen (15) years have transpired since the Naval Station Roosevelt Roads in Ceiba was closed. The continuous operation of said military installation injected ap-proximately $300 million annually to Puerto Rico’s economy. As a result of the closure of the Base, Puerto Rico’s economy has suf-fered losses that exceed $4.5 billion in con-servative estimates. Despite the great poten-tial of those lands for the redevelopment and economic revitalization of the region as well as of Puerto Rico, and despite the citizens’ constant demands, said facilities are still abandoned and deteriorating. This is the re-sult of the inability to promote private in-vestment in the area to turn it into an eco-nomic development center for the benefit of Puerto Rico. In a report submitted to the United States Congress by the Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth on Decem-ber 20, 2016, the Task Force expressed its concern about the slow pace of the effort to redevelop Roosevelt Roads for the economic benefit of the People of Puerto Rico and that it believes that a well-planned and well-exe-cuted redevelopment strategy has the poten-tial to transform eastern Puerto Rico. Therefore, the Task Force recommends that the Government of Puerto Rico, working in conjunction with the Revitalization Coordi-nator established under PROMESA, elected leaders of the surrounding communities, Federal Government agencies with jurisdic-tion over the matter, and the private sector, prioritize the efficient and effective redevel-opment of Roosevelt Roads. According to an analysis published by the specialized magazine Urban Affairs Review (Amanda Johnson Ashely and Michael Touchton; Reconceiving Military Base Rede-velopment Land Use on Mothballed U.S. Bases; Urban Affairs Review, 2016 Vol. 52(3) 391–420. http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/ 10.1177/1078087414568028) local market condi-tions and the level of economic productivity in a former military community are likely to influence the variety of land uses that ap-pear on former bases. More economically productive communities are likely to have more redevelopment options at their dis-posal than less productive, potentially less affluent communities. The analysis suggests that commercial interests are more willing to invest in more affluent rather than less affluent areas or communities. Evidently, Puerto Rico’s economic situa-tion as well as the decreased productivity and growth of our economy prevent us from creating favorable conditions to successfully promote private investment in Roosevelt Roads and severely limit the available op-tions for the redevelopment thereof. The Roosevelt Roads Naval Station Lands and Facilities Redevelopment Authority issued several requests for proposals (RFP’s) in past years; however, it has failed to achieve the redevelopment and conservation of the Naval Station’s installations and existing infra-structure. That being the case, the imme-diate creation in the area of more favorable conditions that promote and attract private investment shall reactivate the area’s econ-omy and broaden the uses to be given to the different areas that are part of or surround the former naval station, in the Jose ´Aponte- de la Torre Airport. Consistent with the foregoing, this Legis-lative Assembly deems it convenient to transfer the operations of the Puerto Rico Air National Guard, currently located at the Luis Mun˜oz-Marı´n International Airport, in Carolina, Puerto Rico, to the airstrips of the Jose´Aponte-De la Torre Airport in the former Naval Station Roosevelt Roads. For the past decade, the National Guard has undergone a notable transformation, from being nothing more than a strategic re-serve of limited use to the United States Armed Forces, to becoming an operational reserve that must be available and ready to provide support to the military operations of the Armed Forces at all times. At present, the installations of the Mun˜iz Air National Guard Base, located in the municipality of Carolina and which occupy approximately 96 cuerdas of the lands of the Luis Mun ˜oz-Marı´n International Airport, do not allow our Air National Guard to expand its operations, much less to adapt to their changing role and the future missions that may be as-signed thereto in support of the Armed Forces. The air facilities of the Jose ´Aponte- De la Torre Airport in the former Naval Sta-tion Roosevelt Roads are available and would provide additional space that is opti-mal, functional, operational, and necessary for the strengthening and growth of our Air National Guard. In the judgment of this Legislative Assem-bly, the proposed transfer would be the most viable option to stimulate and create the conditions, in a very short term, for the re-development of the former Naval Station Roosevelt Roads which would, in turn, gen-erate economic activity as in the past. This alternative would greatly benefit all of Puer-to Rico because it would enable the imme-diate creation of an economic activity center in the area, as a result of the Puerto Rico Air National Guard starting operations in the Jose´Aponte-De la Torre Airport. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.004 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S467 January 23, 2018 
The transfer of Puerto Rico Air National Guard units, equipment, and personnel would populate and generate substantial activity in a currently abandoned area bringing the nec-essary security elements to protect the in-tegrity of the existing infrastructure and in-stallations, as well as of those that may be developed therein in the future. Further-more, this would free up, for the short- and long-term development, valuable properties located in other places that are underutilized at present or that, due to their location, could be better used by the people of Puerto Rico than they are now if they were not oc-cupied by the Puerto Rico Air National Guard components. Likewise, the proposed transfer would en-able the opening of a passenger terminal in the Jose´Aponte-De la Torre Airport in the former Naval Station Roosevelt Roads, under the command of the Puerto Rico Air National Guard, similar to those currently operated by the National Guards of other states, to wit: the Jackson Air National Guard Passenger Terminal (Mississippi); Memphis Air National Guard Passenger Ter-minal (Tennessee); Birmingham Air National Guard Passenger Terminal (Alabama); Great Falls Air National Guard Passenger Ter-minal (Montana); Stewart Air National Guard Base Passenger Terminal (New York). The establishment of this type of air pas-senger terminal in Roosevelt Roads would allow active, reserve or retired military per-sonnel and their dependents to travel to and from Puerto Rico as passengers on military planes. This type of air passenger terminal exists in more than 53 military bases around the world. Fourteen (14) of these terminals are located on the east coast of the United States, five (5) of which are in Florida. Through this proposal, the Puerto Rican military community residing in Florida (whether in active duty or retired and their family members) would have the opportunity to travel to Puerto Rico more frequently and free of charge. Moreover, this initiative would pave the way for current and former military personnel worldwide to choose Puerto Rico as one of their tourist destina-tions by using the military air transpor-tation that would operate to and from the new installations of the Air National Guard in Roosevelt Roads. It is worth noting that, at present, the op-erations of the Puerto Rico National Guard, the 1st Mission Support Command of the U.S. Army Reserve and other Reserve units from the different components of the Armed Forces, including the Air National Guard, generate approximately $440 million for Puerto Rico’s economy. The proposed trans-fer of air operations to Roosevelt Roads, would guarantee a capital injection for our economy by ensuring the importance of our Air National Guard as a fundamental sup-port component of the United States Armed Forces that is always ready. On the other hand, new expansion projects for the air facilities of the Luis Mun ˜oz-Marı´n International Airport, which are so nec-essary to increase national and international air traffic to and from Puerto Rico, could be developed within the grounds thereof. With the proposed transfer, the Govern-ment of Puerto Rico would immediately stimulate economic activity within the Roo-sevelt Roads area; enable the Puerto Rico National Guard to strengthen and diversify its operational capacity; ensure its perma-nence as well as the continuity of its oper-ations on the Island, and relevance thereof at the national level; open the necessary conditions to halt the deterioration of Roo-sevelt Roads’ installations; open new ways to boost the economic development of Carolina, San Juan, Ceiba, and surrounding munici-palities; and create, almost immediately, the economic conditions necessary to stimulate private investments in such areas. The financial costs entailed by the pro-posed transfer would be defrayed with the federal funds appropriated to support the military operations in Puerto Rico and through the sale or lease of the unused lands and installations in the Luis Mun ˜oz-Marı´n International Airport to aviation companies. It is worth noting that the transfer of the Air National Guard from the LMMIA would only occupy a portion of the Naval Station Roosevelt Roads in the Jose´Aponte-De la Torre Airport; therefore, the remaining fa-cilities would be available for development without any problems, just as they are now. For all of the foregoing, this Legislative Assembly requests to the President of the United States and the United States Con-gress, as well as to the Government of Puer-to Rico, to take any and all executive, ad-ministrative, and legislative actions as are necessary, including the appropriation of funds, to immediately transfer the oper-ations of the Puerto Rico Air National Guard from its current location at the Mun ˜iz Air National Guard Base in the Luis Mun ˜oz- Marı´n International Airport (LMMIA) to the Jose´Aponte-De la Torre Airport in the grounds of the former Naval Station Roo-sevelt Roads in Ceiba. The Legislative As-sembly of Puerto Rico further requests to the Governor of Puerto Rico, as Commander- in-Chief of the Puerto Rico Military Forces, to direct the Puerto Rico National Guard Adjutant General to initiate the process be-fore the National Guard Bureau in Wash-ington DC to authorize the immediate trans-fer of said operations to the Jose ´Aponte-De la Torre Airport in the grounds of the former Naval Station Roosevelt Roads in Ceiba. Be it Resolved by the Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico: Section 1.—To request to the President and the Congress of the United States of Amer-ica, as well as to the Government of Puerto Rico, to take any and all executive and ad-ministrative actions as are necessary, in-cluding the appropriation of funds or the al-location of human resources, to immediately transfer the operations of the Puerto Rico Air National Guard from its current location at the Mun˜iz Air National Guard Base in the Luis Mun˜oz-Marı´n International Airport (LMMIA) to the Jose´Aponte-De la Torre Airport in the grounds of the former Naval Station Roosevelt Roads in Ceiba. Section 2.—Furthermore, to request, fur-ther, to the Governor of Puerto Rico, as Commander-in-Chief of the Puerto Rico Mili-tary Forces, to instruct the Puerto Rico Na-tional Guard Adjutant General to begin the process before the National Guard Bureau in Washington, DC to make feasible the imme-diate transfer of said operations to the Jose ´ Aponte-De la Torre Airport in the grounds of the former Naval Station Roosevelt Roads in Ceiba. Section 3.—Furthermore, to request to the Governor of Puerto Rico to instruct the ‘‘21st Century Critical Infrastructure Project Interagency Group’’ created by virtue of Ex-ecutive Order Number 2017–004, to include in its critical projects agenda the immediate transfer of the operations of the Puerto Rico Air National Guard from its current location at the Mun˜iz Air National Guard Base in the Luis Mun˜oz-Marı´n International Airport to the Jose´Aponte-De la Torre Airport in the grounds of the former Naval Station Roo-sevelt Roads in Ceiba. Section 4.—It is hereby directed that a copy of this Joint Resolution, translated into the English language, be delivered to the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico in Washington, as well as to all members of the United States Congress, to the United States President, the Governor of Puerto Rico, the members of the Board created by virtue of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA), the Puerto Rico National Guard Adjutant Gen-eral, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau of the United States Department of Defense, the members of the 21st Century Critical In-frastructure Project Interagency Group cre-ated by virtue of Executive Order Number 2017–004, and to the Mayors of Ceiba, Fajardo, Naguabo, Rı´o Grande, Vieques, and Culebra. Section 5.—This Joint Resolution shall take effect upon its approval. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE for Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. *John Henderson, of South Dakota, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force. *Michael D. Griffin, of Alabama, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. *William Roper, of Georgia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Air Force. *Phyllis L. Bayer, of Mississippi, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 2329. A bill to reauthorize and amend the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innova-tion Act of 2014, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. L
EE, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. R
UBIO, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. P AUL): S. 2330. A bill to prohibit earmarks; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 2331. A bill to extend the period during which vessels that are shorter than 79 feet in length and fishing vessels are not required to have a permit for discharges incidental to the normal operation of the vessel; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ): S. 2332. A bill to establish the Kennedy- King National Historic Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. D URBIN , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.012 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES468 January 23, 2018 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. R UBIO, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. C OONS , and Ms. S MITH): S. Res. 376. A resolution urging the Gov-ernments of Burma and Bangladesh to en-sure the safe, dignified, voluntary, and sus-tainable return of the Rohingya refugees who have been displaced by the campaign of ethnic cleansing conducted by the Burmese military; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. Res. 377. A resolution recognizing the importance of paying tribute to those indi-viduals who have faithfully served and re-tired from the Armed Forces of the United States, designating April 18, 2018, as ‘‘Mili-tary Retiree Appreciation Day’’, and encour-aging the people of the United States to honor the past and continued service of mili-tary retirees to their local communities and the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. Res. 378. A resolution congratulating the National Treasury Employees Union on its 80th anniversary and commending the dedi-cation to Federal employees of and contin-ued service by the National Treasury Em-ployees Union and the members of the Na-tional Treasury Employees Union; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 379. A resolution to authorize the production of records by the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. Res. 380. A resolution congratulating the University of Charleston men’s soccer team for winning the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division II Men’s Soccer Cham-pionship at Swope Soccer Village in Kansas City, Missouri; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 58 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) were added as cosponsors of S. 58, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-peal the excise tax on high cost em-ployer-sponsored health coverage. 
S. 833 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 833, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand health care and benefits from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for mili-tary sexual trauma, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 918 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 918, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for automatic continuing resolutions. 
S. 1106 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1106, a bill to designate the same individual serving as the Chief Nurse Officer of the Public Health Service as the National Nurse for Public Health. S. 1162 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1162, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the refinancing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1774 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1774, a bill to provide protec-tions for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting representation by a labor organization. 
S. 1873 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1873, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1989, a bill to en-hance transparency and accountability for online political advertisements by requiring those who purchase and pub-lish such ads to disclose information about the advertisements to the public, and for other purposes. 
S. 2105 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2105, a bill to modify the presumption of service connection for veterans who were exposed to herbicide agents while serving in the Armed Forces in Thai-land during the Vietnam era, and for other purposes. 
S. 2250 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2250, a bill to ensure due process protections of individuals in the United States against unlawful de-tention based solely on a protected characteristic. 
S. 2271 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2271, a bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
S. 2286 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2286, a bill to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and services for Peace Corps volunteers, and for other purposes. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS SENATE RESOLUTION 376—URGING THE GOVERNMENTS OF BURMA AND BANGLADESH TO ENSURE THE SAFE, DIGNIFIED, VOL-UNTARY, AND SUSTAINABLE RE-TURN OF THE ROHINGYA REFU-GEES WHO HAVE BEEN DIS-PLACED BY THE CAMPAIGN OF ETHNIC CLEANSING CONDUCTED BY THE BURMESE MILITARY Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. R
UBIO, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C
OONS , and Ms. S MITH) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 376 Whereas, on August 25, 2017, attacks on se-curity posts in Burma by the military group Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army resulted in a brutal, systematic, and disproportionate reprisal by the Burmese military and secu-rity forces on Rohingya villages in Rakhine State; Whereas more than 650,000 Rohingya refu-gees have fled to Bangladesh since the Bur-mese military commenced its scorched-earth campaign, with the burning of villages and local monuments, and reports of widespread gang rape, starvation, killing, and forcible deportation; Whereas the Government of Burma has consistently denied access to the United Na-tions Fact-Finding Mission on Myanmar es-tablished to investigate human rights viola-tions around the country; Whereas Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina proposed that ‘‘safe zones’’ be created inside Burma to protect all civilians irrespective of religion and ethnicity under United Nations (UN) supervision; Whereas the United Nations High Commis-sioner for Refugees (UNHCR)’s mandate is to provide, in collaboration with other actors, international protection to refugees and to assist them in finding durable solutions through voluntary repatriation, local inte-gration, or resettlement; Whereas the UN General Assembly has re-peatedly affirmed UNHCR’s function of fa-cilitating the voluntary repatriation of refu-gees and, in recognition of the importance of sustainable return, has widened its mandate to include providing assistance for their re-habilitation and dealing with the con-sequences of their return; Whereas the fundamental operational prin-ciples of voluntary repatriation are safety, to include legal and physical safety, and dig-nity, to include treatment with respect and full acceptance by their national authorities, including the full restoration of refugees’ rights; Whereas, on November 23, 2017, the Govern-ment of Burma and the Government of Ban-gladesh signed an agreement, known as the ‘‘Arrangement’’, on the return of displaced persons from Rakhine State, which is mod-eled after the 1992 repatriation agreement between Burma and Bangladesh; Whereas the Arrangement includes ref-erences to restoring normalcy and human rights in Rakhine State, for refugee returns to comply with international standards of safety, dignity, and voluntariness, and to commencing a process to address root causes in line with the Rakhine Advisory Commis-sion recommendations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.008 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S469 January 23, 2018 
Whereas approximately 236,000 Rohingya refugees returned to Burma under the terms of the 1992 agreement, only to continue to be denied citizenship, face prejudice, violence, and persecution, and in many instances be forced to live in internally displaced persons (IDP) camps with their freedom of movement restricted; Whereas Burma’s 1982 citizenship law stripped Rohingya of their Burmese citizen-ship, rendering them stateless; Whereas the Government of Burma con-tinues to systematically discriminate against the Rohingya people, including by continuing to restrict registration of Rohingya births and to deny them freedom of movement, access to healthcare, land, education, marriage, voting rights, and po-litical participation; Whereas the Government of Burma has re-peatedly abused land use laws to unjustly seize land from Rohingya refugees; Whereas UNHCR is working closely with the Government of Bangladesh and partners to provide protection and assistance to the Rohingya refugees and to support the host populations affected by the influx; Whereas the Government of Burma has not reached an agreement with UNHCR on its role in the safe, dignified, and voluntary re-turn of Rakhine State refugees; Whereas Myanmar Minister of Social Wel-fare, Relief and Resettlement Dr. Win Myat Aye, on December 28, 2017, announced that the repatriation process will begin on Janu-ary 22, 2018; Whereas there is concern that up to 100,000 Rohingya could be at risk of forced return into two ‘‘model villages’’ or supported by 1,200 tents provided by the Government of Burma, without assurances of their safety or details regarding long term solutions to ad-dress root causes of Rohingya disenfran-chisement; Whereas ‘‘model villages’’ and similar tac-tics in Burma dating back to colonial rule have been used to strategically shift popu-lation groups and deepen religious and cul-tural divides; Whereas on December 12, 2017, Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, two journalists reporting and documenting atrocities against the Rohingya, were arrested and on January 10, 2018, formally prosecuted with violating the ‘‘Official Secrets Act,’’ further risking Bur-ma’s democratic transition; Whereas UNHCR, as of December 17, 2017, reports that conditions in Burma’s Rakhine State are not yet conducive to enable safe and sustainable return, as refugees continue to flee Rakhine State into neighboring Ban-gladesh; Whereas UNHCR reports that those who ar-rive have suffered immense violence and trauma in Burma, with some having wit-nessed the deaths of family members and friends and most having little or nothing to return to, with their homes and villages de-stroyed; and Whereas there is concern that deep divi-sions between communities remain unaddressed and humanitarian access is in-adequate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the violence and displace-ment inflicted on Burma’s Rohingya and other ethnic minorities; (2) calls for an immediate halt to all hos-tilities by Burmese authorities; (3) condemns the attacks by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army militant group; (4) calls on the Government of Burma to allow full access to Rakhine State and en-sure the full participation of UNHCR, the internationally endorsed organization tasked with ensuring that refugee returns are voluntary, safe, dignified, and meet international refugee and human rights standards, and that the voices of refugees are represented in order to ensure the sustain-ability of such returns and to prevent fur-ther waves of displacement; (5) commends the positive role of the Gov-ernment of Bangladesh in receiving Rohingya refugees to date and urges the Government of Bangladesh to continue al-lowing the full participation of UNHCR and human rights organization in accessing ref-ugee camps; (6) calls on UNHCR and international non-governmental organizations to play a role in monitoring repatriation efforts by the Gov-ernments of Bangladesh and Burma to en-sure a process that meets international norms for voluntary, safe, and dignified repa-triation; (7) calls on the UN to consider the feasi-bility of Bangladesh’s proposal for a ‘‘safe zone’’ or for a peacekeeping mission to pro-tect and defend vulnerable communities under international supervision; (8) agrees that any return of Rohingya should include guarantees that any returns of refugees will be voluntary and dignified, that there will be no threats to protection or security upon return, that refugees will be able to return to their places of origin or other locations as desired, and be able to enjoy equal rights with others in Burma, in-cluding the restoration or granting of full citizenship, freedom of movement, and ac-cess to basic services; (9) recognizes that any forced relocation of Rohingya refugees into temporary settle-ments, IDP camps, ‘‘model villages,’’ or other areas not of refugees’ choosing is unac-ceptable; (10) calls on the Government of Burma to allow for a flexible and practical approach to dealing with evidence of Rohingya residence in Burma, recognizing that the Rohingya ref-ugees in Bangladesh possess a wide range of documents and that some refugees have no documents and will need to establish their residence by other means; (11) calls on the Government of Burma to address root causes consistent with the Rakhine Advisory Commission recommenda-tions and fully implement all of the rec-ommendations of the Commission, including providing equal access to full restoration or granting of full citizenship for the Rohingya population; (12) calls on the Government of Burma to acknowledge and address the issue of state-lessness for the Rohingya, the deprivation of rights, and institutionalized and pervasive discrimination of the Rohingya population in order to bring about any sustainable solu-tions; (13) commends the Government and the people of Bangladesh for their extraordinary generosity and efforts to provide shelter and relief for nearly 1,000,000 Rohingya refugees forced to flee their homes in Burma; (14) calls on the Government of Bangladesh to ensure all refugees have freedom of move-ment and under no circumstances are subject to unsafe, involuntary, precipitous, or unin-formed returns to Burma; and (15) calls on the Government of Burma to immediately release journalists Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 377—RECOG-NIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF PAYING TRIBUTE TO THOSE IN-DIVIDUALS WHO HAVE FAITH-FULLY SERVED AND RETIRED FROM THE ARMED FORCES OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIG-NATING APRIL 18, 2018, AS ‘‘MILI-TARY RETIREE APPRECIATION DAY’’, AND ENCOURAGING THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES TO HONOR THE PAST AND CON-TINUED SERVICE OF MILITARY RETIREES TO THEIR LOCAL COM-MUNITIES AND THE UNITED STATES Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 377 Whereas there are approximately 2,000,000 retirees of the Armed Forces of the United States who have earned their retirement through career service, a service-connected disability, or both; Whereas military retirees show an unrivaled dedication to service, having faith-fully served their country and dedicated much of their lives knowing that at any mo-ment they could be sent anywhere in the world and possibly asked to make the ulti-mate sacrifice to protect and defend the na-tional security of the United States; Whereas military retirees, through their perseverance and dedication— (1) have proven to be leaders who are resil-ient, focused, disciplined, well-trained, and well-educated; and (2) bring the best qualities of citizenship in the United States to lifelong service within their national and local communities as de-pendable, responsible citizens and neighbors; Whereas the qualities of a military retiree often result in positive contributions to— (1) the civilian workforce, as experienced and knowledgeable employees; (2) local educational institutions, as teach-ers, counselors, and coaches; (3) local government, as elected public servants; and (4) communities, as dedicated and effective volunteers; Whereas the dedication and focus of mili-tary retirees helps strengthen and stabilize local communities; and Whereas the contributions of military re-tirees to their communities are the mani-festation of the desire of the retirees to con-tinue their selfless acts of volunteering and their lifelong service to the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates April 18, 2018, as ‘‘Military Retiree Appreciation Day’’; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to honor the past and continued serv-ice of military retirees to their local commu-nities and the United States through appro-priate ceremonies and other activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.010 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES470 January 23, 2018 
SENATE RESOLUTION 378—CON-GRATULATING THE NATIONAL TREASURY EMPLOYEES UNION ON ITS 80TH ANNIVERSARY AND COMMENDING THE DEDICATION TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEES OF AND CONTINUED SERVICE BY THE NATIONAL TREASURY EM-PLOYEES UNION AND THE MEM-BERS OF THE NATIONAL TREAS-URY EMPLOYEES UNION Ms. BALDWIN submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 378 Whereas, in 1938, a group of employees in Wisconsin banded together to eliminate po-litical influence in the jobs of those employ-ees as revenue collectors, marking the begin-ning of the National Treasury Employees Union (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NTEU’’); Whereas that group persisted for 14 years and finally won civil service protections, leading to the establishment of the profes-sional workforce at the Internal Revenue Service that exists today; Whereas, in 1972, the NTEU signed the first negotiated bargaining agreement of the NTEU, which developed a shared set of re-sponsibilities for managers and bargaining unit employees that were designed to im-prove the workforce and achieve the mission of the Internal Revenue Service; Whereas, since that initial agreement, the NTEU has promoted new and innovative workplace policies that benefit Federal em-ployees and agencies, such as alternative work schedules and telework policies; Whereas the NTEU— (1) serves as a powerful voice for the mem-bers of the NTEU and for Federal employees in general; (2) has successfully sought to promote and defend Federal service as a noble calling in-volving a variety of challenging and reward-ing professions; and (3) has fought tirelessly to ensure that Federal employees are free from discrimina-tion, politicization, and retaliation for dis-closing Government waste, fraud, and abuse; Whereas the work of the NTEU and the knowledge and skills of the highly trained individuals represented by the NTEU who work for the Federal Government contribute significantly to the greatness and prosperity of the United States; Whereas the NTEU has grown to represent more than 150,000 employees from 32 dif-ferent Government agencies, and the mem-bers of the NTEU— (1) collect the money to fund the Govern-ment; (2) help protect the borders of the United States; (3) ensure that individuals in the United States have clean air and water; (4) regulate financial services companies; and (5) make sure that the manner in which the airways are used is in the public interest; Whereas the mission of the NTEU, to help create workplaces in which every Federal employee is treated with dignity and respect, has been met by the efforts of the NTEU to— (1) advocate for fair pay and benefits; (2) negotiate for work-life balance initia-tives; and (3) ensure a merit-based, nonpartisan civil service; Whereas, whether advocating on Capitol Hill, at the bargaining table, or in work-places across the United States, the NTEU continues to make history through its ac-complishments; and Whereas, in 2018, the NTEU is celebrating its 80th anniversary: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the National Treasury Employees Union on its 80th anniversary; and (2) commends— (A) the work of the National Treasury Em-ployees Union; and (B) the members of the National Treasury Employees Union for their outstanding con-tributions to the United States. SENATE RESOLUTION 379—TO AU-THORIZE THE PRODUCTION OF RECORDS BY THE PERMANENT SUBCOMMITTEE ON INVESTIGA-TIONS OF THE COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOV-ERNMENTAL AFFAIRS Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 379 Whereas, the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs con-ducted an investigation into the purchase and shipment of illicit opioids into and throughout the United States; Whereas, the Subcommittee has received a request from a federal law enforcement agen-cy for access to records of the Subcommit-tee’s investigation; Whereas, by the privileges of the Senate of the United States and Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, no evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate can, by administrative or judicial process, be taken from such control or possession but by permission of the Senate; Whereas, when it appears that evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate is needed for the promotion of jus-tice, the Senate will take such action as will promote the ends of justice consistent with the privileges of the Senate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, acting jointly, are authorized to provide to law enforcement officials, regu-latory agencies, and other entities or indi-viduals duly authorized by federal or state governments, records of the Subcommittee’s investigation into the purchase and ship-ment of illicit opioids into and throughout the United States. 
Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and the distinguished Democratic leader, Mr. S
CHUMER , I send to the desk a resolution on docu-mentary production by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, and ask for its immediate consideration. Mr. President, the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs recently con-ducted an investigation into the pur-chase and shipment of illicit opioids into and throughout the United States. The Subcommittee has now received a request from the Department of Home-land Security seeking access to records that the Subcommittee obtained dur-ing the investigation. In keeping with the Senate’s practice under its rules, this resolution would authorize the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, act-ing jointly, to provide records, ob-tained by the Subcommittee in the course of its investigation, in response to this request and requests from other Federal or State government entities and officials with a legitimate need for the records. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 380—CON-GRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF CHARLESTON MEN’S SOCCER TEAM FOR WINNING THE NA-TIONAL COLLEGIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION II MEN’S SOCCER CHAMPIONSHIP AT SWOPE SOCCER VILLAGE IN KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: S. R ES. 380 Whereas, on December 2, 2017, the Univer-sity of Charleston Golden Eagles won the Na-tional Collegiate Athletic Association (re-ferred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Division II Men’s Soccer Championship at Swope Soccer Village in Kansas City, Mis-souri, which was the first national cham-pionship in the history of the University of Charleston; Whereas the University of Charleston men’s soccer team finished their historic season with a record of 21 wins, 1 loss, and 2 ties by securing a victory over the Lynn Uni-versity Fighting Knights in the national championship; Whereas the University of Charleston men’s soccer team has become a symbol of pride and success to the University of Charleston and the surrounding communities in West Virginia; Whereas the University of Charleston men’s soccer team did not allow a goal in 5 games throughout the NCAA Division II Men’s Soccer championship tournament, be-coming just the second team to shutout every opponent in tournament history; Whereas the Golden Eagles held their oppo-nents scoreless in 19 of 24 matches in 2017, with All-American goalkeeper Paulo Pita registering 16 shutouts, the best in NCAA Di-vision II Men’s Soccer championship tour-nament history; Whereas Paulo Pita was recognized as the 2017-2018 NCAA Division II statistical cham-pion for Goals Against Average; Whereas the University of Charleston Golden Eagles earned the 2017-2018 Division II men’s soccer statistical championship title for Goals Against Average and Shutout Percentage; Whereas the University of Charleston Golden Eagles won the championship in the first season with Dan Stratford as head coach; Whereas this championship follows 3 sea-sons with Dan Stratford as an assistant coach, in which the Golden Eagles reached 3 consecutive NCAA Division II Men’s Soccer Final Four tournaments and appeared in 2 National Championship games; Whereas Thomas Vancaeyezeele became just the second athlete in the history of the Golden Eagles to be named National Player of the Year after leading the University of Charleston men’s soccer team to the na-tional championship, anchoring a defense that allowed just 8 goals in the 2017 season and trailed just twice in 24 matches; Whereas the University of Charleston men’s soccer team started the 2017 season with 15 consecutive wins, cruising to their fourth straight Mountain East Conference regular season title and fourth straight NCAA Division II Men’s Soccer Atlantic Re-gion title, losing just one match all season; Whereas Paulo Pita, Thomas Vancaeyezeele, Patrick Guier, Will Roberts, Kieran Bywater, and Armando Tikvic were all named as All-American players; Whereas the coaching staff of the Univer-sity of Charleston men’s soccer team was named the United Soccer Coaches National Staff of the Year for NCAA Division II Men’s Soccer; and Whereas the University of Charleston men’s soccer team should be praised for the historic season of both athletic and aca-demic accomplishments: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the University of Charles-ton men’s soccer team for winning the Na-tional Collegiate Athletic Association Divi-sion II Men’s Soccer Championship; (2) recognizes the athletic program at the University of Charleston for its achievement in both sports and academics; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate prepare an official copy of this resolution for presentation to— (A) the University of Charleston for appro-priate display; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Feb 01, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8472 E:\RECORD18\S23JA8.REC S23JA8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S471 January 23, 2018 
(B) the President of the University of Charleston; and (C) the head coach of the University of Charleston men’s soccer team. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I have 7 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 23, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a closed hearing on Nuclear Posture Review and pending nominations. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 23, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the fol-lowing nominations: Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors, and to be a Member of the Board of Directors, Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation, Marvin Goodfriend, of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and Thomas E. Workman, of New York, to be a Member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 23, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examine the performance of the electric power system in the Northeast and mid-At-lantic during recent winter weather events, including the bomb cyclone.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSION  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pension is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 23, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Facing 21st Century Public Health Threats: Our Nation’s Preparedness and Response Capabilities, Part 2.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 23, 2018 at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CYBERSECURITY  
The Subcommittee on Cybersecurity of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 23, 2018, at 3:30 p.m. to conduct a closed hearing. SUBCOMMITTEE ON SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
AND MERCHANT MARINE INFRASTRUCTURE , 
SAFETY AND SECURITY  
The Subcommittee on Surface Trans-portation and Merchant Marine Infra-structure, Safety and Security of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 23, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Steven Davies, a Coast Guard fellow, and Paul Bankston, a military fellow in the of-fice of Senator T
HAD COCHRAN , be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the year. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Maj. Patrick J. Heiny, a Marine Corps Fellow in Senator C
ORNYN ’s office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REVISING THE BOUNDARIES OF CERTAIN JOHN H. CHAFEE COASTAL BARRIER RESOURCES SYSTEM UNITS IN DELAWARE Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 214, S. 1395. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1395) to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in Delaware. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. DAINES. I further ask unani-mous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 1395) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1395 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REPLACEMENT OF JOHN H. CHAFEE COASTAL BARRIER RESOURCES SYS-TEM MAP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The map subtitled ‘‘Dela-ware Seashore Unit DE–07P, North Bethany Beach Unit H01’’ and dated December 6, 2013, that is included in the set of maps entitled ‘‘Coastal Barrier Resources System’’ referred to in section 4(a) of the Coastal Barrier Re-sources Act (16 U.S.C. 3503(a)) and relating to certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in the State of Dela-ware, is replaced by the map entitled ‘‘Dela-ware Seashore Unit DE–07/DE–07P, North Bethany Beach Unit H01’’ and dated March 18, 2016. (b) AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary of the In-terior shall keep the replacement map re-ferred to in subsection (a) on file and avail-able for inspection in accordance with sec-tion 4(b) of the Coastal Barrier Resources Act (16 U.S.C. 3503(b)). f 
AMY, VICKY, AND ANDY CHILD PORNOGRAPHY VICTIM ASSIST-ANCE ACT OF 2017 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 293, S. 2152. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2152) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for vic-tims of child pornography, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on the Judiciary, with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Amy, Vicky, and Andy Child Pornography Victim Assist-ance Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The demand for child pornography harms children because it drives production, which involves severe and often irreparable child sexual abuse and exploitation. (2) The harms caused by child pornography begin, but do not end, with child sex abuse because child pornography is a permanent record of that abuse and trafficking in those images compounds the harm to the child. (3) In Paroline v. United States (2014), the Supreme Court recognized that ‘‘every view-ing of child pornography is a repetition of the victim’s abuse’’. (4) The American Professional Society on the Abuse of Children has stated that for vic-tims of child pornography, ‘‘the sexual abuse of the child, the memorialization of that abuse which becomes child pornography, and its subsequent distribution and viewing be-come psychologically intertwined and each compound the harm suffered by the child- victim’’. (5) Victims suffer continuing and grievous harm as a result of knowing that a large, in-determinate number of individuals have viewed and will in the future view images of their childhood sexual abuse. Harms of this sort are a major reason that child pornog-raphy is outlawed. (6) The unlawful collective conduct of every individual who reproduces, distributes, or possesses the images of a victim’s child-hood sexual abuse plays a part in sustaining and aggravating the harms to that indi-vidual victim. Multiple actors independently commit intentional crimes that combine to produce an indivisible injury to a victim. (7) It is the intent of Congress that victims of child pornography be fully compensated for all the harms resulting from every perpe-trator who contributes to their anguish. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.013 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES472 January 23, 2018 
Such an aggregate causation standard re-flects the nature of child pornography and the unique ways that it actually harms vic-tims. 
SEC. 3. DETERMINING RESTITUTION. 
(a) D ETERMINING RESTITUTION .—Section 2259(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The order’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (2), the order’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘as determined by the court pursuant to paragraph (2)’’ after ‘‘of the victim’s losses’’; (2) by striking paragraph (3); (3) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) R
ESTITUTION FOR TRAFFICKING IN CHILD  
PORNOGRAPHY .—If the defendant was con-victed for trafficking in child pornography, the order of restitution under this section shall direct the defendant to pay the victim (through the appropriate court mechanism) an amount of restitution determined by the court as follows: ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINING THE FULL AMOUNT OF A  
VICTIM ’S LOSSES .—The court shall determine the full amount of the victim’s losses that were incurred or are reasonably projected to be incurred by the victim as a result of the trafficking in child pornography. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINING A RESTITUTION AMOUNT .— After completing the determination required under subparagraph (A), the court shall enter an order of restitution against the de-fendant in favor of the victim in an amount which is ønot less than $3000 and not greater than 1 percent of the full amount of the vic-tim’s losses when the full amount of a vic-tim’s losses are greater than $300,000. ¿ be- tween $3,000 and 1 percent of the full amount of the victim’s losses. ‘‘(C) T
ERMINATION OF PAYMENT .—A victim’s total aggregate recovery pursuant to this section shall not exceed the full amount of the victim’s demonstrated losses. After the victim has received restitution in the full amount of the victim’s losses as measured by the greatest amount of such losses found in any case involving that victim that has re-sulted in a final restitution order under this section, the liability of each defendant who is or has been ordered to pay restitution for such losses to that victim shall be termi-nated. The court may direct the victim to provide information concerning the amount of restitution the victim has been paid in other cases for the same losses.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—Section 2259(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D
EFINI -
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘D EFINITIONS ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(4) V
ICTIM .—For purposes’’; (3) by striking ‘‘under this chapter, includ-ing, in the case’’ and inserting ‘‘under this chapter. In the case’’; (4) by inserting after ‘‘or any other person appointed as suitable by the court,’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘may assume the crime victim’s rights under this section,’’; and (5) by inserting before paragraph (4), as so designated, the following: ‘‘(1) C
HILD PORNOGRAPHY PRODUCTION .—For purposes of this section and section 2259A, the term ‘child pornography production’ means conduct proscribed by øsection 2251, section 2251A¿ subsections (a) through (c) of section 2251, section 2252A(g) øif at least one of the offenses listed in this section is charged as part of a series of offenses ¿ (in cases in which the series of felony violations involves at least 1 of the violations listed in this section) , section 2260(a), or any offense under chapter 109A or chapter 117 that involved the produc-tion of child pornography, as defined in sec-tion 2256. ‘‘(2) FULL AMOUNT OF THE VICTIM ’S 
LOSSES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘full amount of the victim’s losses’ in-cludes any costs incurred, or reasonably pro-jected to be incurred in the future, by the victim, and in the case of a trafficking in child pornography conviction, as a proxi-mate result of all trafficking in child por-nography offenses involving the same vic-tim, including— ‘‘(A) medical services relating to physical, psychiatric, or psychological care; ‘‘(B) physical and occupational therapy or rehabilitation; ‘‘(C) necessary transportation, temporary housing, and child care expenses; ‘‘(D) lost income; ‘‘(E) attorneys’ fees, as well as other costs incurred; and ‘‘(F) any other relevant losses incurred by the victim. ‘‘(3) T
RAFFICKING IN CHILD PORNOGRAPHY .— For purposes of this section and section 2259A, the term ‘trafficking in child pornog-raphy’ means conduct proscribed by section 2251(d), 2251A, 2252, 2252A, section 2252A(g) øif at least one of the offenses listed in this sec-tion is charged as part of a series of offenses ¿ (in cases in which the series of felony violations exclusively involves violations listed in this sec-tion), or section 2260(b) ø
)¿.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 1593(b)(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2259(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2259(c)(2)’’. 
SEC. 4. DEFINED MONETARY ASSISTANCE. 
Section 2259 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) D
EFINED MONETARY ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINED MONETARY ASSISTANCE MADE  
AVAILABLE AT VICTIM ’S ELECTION .— ‘‘(A) E
LECTION TO RECEIVE DEFINED MONE -
TARY ASSISTANCE .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), if the defendant was convicted of child pornography production, the victim of child pornography production may choose to receive defined monetary assistance from the Child Pornography Victims’ Reserve es-tablished under section 1402(d)(6) of the Vic-tims of Crime Act of 1984. ‘‘(B) F
INDING .—To be eligible for defined monetary assistance under this subsection, a court shall determine whether the claimant is a victim of the defendant who was con-victed of child pornography production. ‘‘(C) O
RDER .—If a court determines that a claimant is a victim of child pornography production under subparagraph (B) and the claimant chooses to receive defined mone-tary assistance, the court shall order pay-ment in accordance with subparagraph (D) to the victim from the Child Pornography Vic-tims’ Reserve established under section 1402(d)(6) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984. ‘‘(D) A
MOUNT OF DEFINED MONETARY ASSIST -
ANCE .—The amount of defined monetary as-sistance payable under this subparagraph shall be equal to— ‘‘(i) for the first calendar year after the date of enactment of this subsection, $35,000; and ‘‘(ii) for each calendar year after the year described in clause (i), $35,000 multiplied by the ratio (not less than one) of— ‘‘(I) the Consumer Price Index for all Urban Consumer (CPI-U, as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Depart-ment of Labor) for the calendar year pre-ceding such calendar year; to ‘‘(II) the CPI-U for the calendar year 2 years before the calendar year described in clause (i). ‘‘(2) LIMITATIONS ON DEFINED MONETARY AS -
SISTANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A victim may only ob-tain defined monetary assistance under this subsection once. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT ON RECOVERY OF OTHER RES -
TITUTION .—A victim who obtains defined monetary assistance under this subsection shall not be barred or limited from receiving restitution against any defendant for any of-fenses not covered by this section. ‘‘(C) D
EDUCTION .—If a victim who received defined monetary assistance under this sub-section subsequently seeks restitution under this section, the court shall deduct the amount the victim received in defined mone-tary assistance when determining the full amount of the victim’s losses. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS ON ELIGIBILITY .—A victim who has collected payment of restitution pursuant to this section in an amount great-er than the amount provided for under para-graph (1)(D) shall be ineligible to receive de-fined monetary assistance under this sub-section. ‘‘(4) G
UARDIAN AD LITEM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In all cases alleging child pornography production, the court shall appoint a guardian ad litem, who shall be an attorney, for each identified victim of the child pornography production, pursuant to section 3509(h). ‘‘(B) F
EES.—A guardian ad litem appointed pursuant to this subsection may not charge, receive, or collect, without court approval for good cause shown, any fees or payment of expenses that in the aggregate exceed 10 per-cent of any defined monetary assistance pay-ment made under this subsection. ‘‘(C) P
ENALTY .—Any guardian ad litem who violates subparagraph (B) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than one year, or both.’’. 
SEC. 5. ASSESSMENTS IN CHILD PORNOGRAPHY CASES. 
(a) A SSESSMENTS IN CHILD PORNOGRAPHY  C
ASES.—Chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2259 the following: ‘‘§ 2259A. Assessments in child pornography cases ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In addition to any other criminal penalty, restitution, or special as-sessment authorized by law, the court shall assess— ‘‘(1) not more than $17,000 on any person convicted of an offense under section 2252(a)(4) or 2252A(a)(5); ‘‘(2) not more than $35,000 on any person convicted of any other offense for trafficking in child pornography; and ‘‘(3) not more than $50,000 on any person convicted of a child pornography production offense. ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL ADJUSTMENT .—The dollar amounts in subsection (a) shall be adjusted annually in conformity with the Consumer Price Index. ‘‘(c) F
ACTORS CONSIDERED .—In determining the amount of the assessment under sub-section (a), the court shall consider the fac-tors set forth in sections 3553(a) and 3572. ‘‘(d) I
MPOSITION AND IMPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The provisions of sub-chapter C of chapter 227 (other than section 3571) and subchapter B of chapter 229 (relat-ing to fines) apply to assessments under this section, except that paragraph (2) applies in lieu of any contrary provisions of law relat-ing to fines or disbursement of money re-ceived from a defendant. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT ON OTHER PENALTIES .—Imposi- tion of an assessment under this section does not relieve a defendant of, or entitle a de-fendant to reduce the amount of any other penalty by the amount of the assessment. Any money received from a defendant shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.026 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S473 January 23, 2018 
be disbursed so that each of the following ob-ligations is paid in full in the following se-quence: ‘‘(A) A special assessment under section 3013. ‘‘(B) Restitution to victims of any child pornography production offense that the de-fendant committed. ‘‘(C) An assessment under this section and restitution to victims of any trafficking in child pornography offenses. ‘‘(D) Other orders under any other section of this title. ‘‘(E) All other fines, penalties, costs, and other payments required under the sen-tence.’’. (b) C
HILD PORNOGRAPHY VICTIMS RE-
SERVE .—Section 1402(d) the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (34 U.S.C. 20101(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6)(A) The Director may set aside up to $10,000,000 of the amounts remaining in the Fund in any fiscal year after distributing the amounts under paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), in a Child Pornography Victims Reserve, which may be used by the Attorney General for payments under section 2259(d) of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(B) Amounts in the reserve may be car-ried over from fiscal year to fiscal year, but the total amount of the reserve shall not ex-ceed $10,000,000. Notwithstanding subsection (c) and any limitation on Fund obligations in any future Act, unless the same should ex-pressly refer to this section, any such amounts carried over shall not be subject to any limitation on obligations from amounts deposited to or available in the Fund.’’. (c) C
HILD PORNOGRAPHY VICTIMS RE-
SERVE .—Chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2259A, as added by subsection (a), the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 2259B. Child pornography victims reserve ‘‘(a) D
EPOSITS INTO THE RESERVE .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, there shall be deposited into the Child Por-nography Victims Reserve established under section 1402(d)(6) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 all assessments collected under sec-tion 2259A and any gifts, bequests, or dona-tions to the Child Pornography Victims Re-serve from private entities or individuals. ‘‘(b) A
VAILABILITY FOR DEFINED MONETARY  A
SSISTANCE .—Amounts in the Child Pornog-raphy Victims Reserve shall be available for payment of defined monetary assistance pur-suant to section 2259(d). If at any time the Child Pornography Victims Reserve has in-sufficient funds to make all of the payments ordered under section 2259(d), the Child Por-nography Victims Reserve shall make such payments as it can satisfy in full from avail-able funds. In determining the order in which such payments shall be made, the Child Por-nography Victims Reserve shall make pay-ments based on the date they were ordered, with the earliest-ordered payments made first. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Attorney Gen-eral shall administer the Child Pornography Victims Reserve and shall issue guidelines and regulations to implement this section. ‘‘(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that individuals who violate this chapter before this legislation is enacted, but who are sentenced after this legislation is enacted, shall be subject to the statutory scheme that was in effect at the time the of-fenses were committed.’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2259 the fol-lowing: ‘‘2259A. Assessments in child pornography cases. ‘‘2259B. Child pornography victims reserve.’’. SEC. 6. CHILD PORNOGRAPHY VICTIM’S RIGHT TO EVIDENCE. 
Section 3509(m) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3)(A) In any criminal proceeding, a vic-tim of trafficking in child pornography or child pornography production, as those terms are defined in section 2259(c), shall have access to any property or material that constitutes child pornography, as defined by section 2256, depicting the victim, for inspec-tion, viewing, and examination at a Govern-ment facility, by the victim, his or her attor-ney, and any individual the victim may seek to qualify to furnish expert testimony. ‘‘(B) A victim of trafficking in child por-nography or child pornography production, as those terms are defined in section 2259(c), his or her attorney, and any individual the victim may seek to qualify to furnish expert testimony may not copy, photograph, dupli-cate, or otherwise reproduce any property or material that constitutes child pornography, as defined by section 2256 of this title, so long as the Government makes the property or material reasonably available to the vic-tim, his or her attorney, and any individual the victim may seek to qualify to furnish ex-pert testimony.’’. 
SEC. 7. CLERICAL AMENDMENTS. 
(a) E XPANSION OF CIVILREMEDIES FOR SAT-
ISFACTION OF AN UNPAID FINE.—Section 3613(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘an assessment im-posed pursuant to section 2259A of this title,’’ after ‘‘pursuant to the provisions of subchapter C of chapter 227 of this title,’’. (b) C
LARIFICATION OF INTERSTATE OR FOR-
EIGN COMMERCE PROVISION REGARDING CER-
TAIN ACTIVITIES PERTAINING TO CHILD POR-
NOGRAPHY .—Section 2252A (a)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘using any means or facil-ity of interstate or foreign commerce’’ and inserting ‘‘has been’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘using any means or facil-ity of interstate or foreign commerce or’’ after ‘‘child pornography’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘using any means or facil-ity of interstate or foreign commerce’’ and inserting ‘‘has been’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘using any means or facil-ity of interstate or foreign commerce or’’ after ‘‘child pornography’’. (c) C
LARIFICATION OF THE DEFINITION OF  ‘‘S
EXUALLY EXPLICIT CONDUCT ’’.—Section 2256(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(v)— (A) by inserting ‘‘anus,’’ before ‘‘genitals’’; and (B) by inserting a comma after ‘‘genitals’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(iii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘anus,’’ before ‘‘genitals’’; and (B) by inserting a comma after ‘‘genitals’’. (d) C
LARIFICATION OF THE EXTENT OF THE  O
FFENSE OF COERCION AND ENTICEMENT OF A  M
INOR.—Section 3559(e)(2)(A) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘into prostitution’’. 
SEC. 8. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION. 
Not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit to Congress a report on the progress of the Department of Justice in im-plementing the amendments made by sec-tions 3 through 5. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be consid-ered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The bill (S. 2152), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: S. 2152 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Amy, Vicky, and Andy Child Pornography Victim Assist-ance Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The demand for child pornography harms children because it drives production, which involves severe and often irreparable child sexual abuse and exploitation. (2) The harms caused by child pornography begin, but do not end, with child sex abuse because child pornography is a permanent record of that abuse and trafficking in those images compounds the harm to the child. (3) In Paroline v. United States (2014), the Supreme Court recognized that ‘‘every view-ing of child pornography is a repetition of the victim’s abuse’’. (4) The American Professional Society on the Abuse of Children has stated that for vic-tims of child pornography, ‘‘the sexual abuse of the child, the memorialization of that abuse which becomes child pornography, and its subsequent distribution and viewing be-come psychologically intertwined and each compound the harm suffered by the child- victim’’. (5) Victims suffer continuing and grievous harm as a result of knowing that a large, in-determinate number of individuals have viewed and will in the future view images of their childhood sexual abuse. Harms of this sort are a major reason that child pornog-raphy is outlawed. (6) The unlawful collective conduct of every individual who reproduces, distributes, or possesses the images of a victim’s child-hood sexual abuse plays a part in sustaining and aggravating the harms to that indi-vidual victim. Multiple actors independently commit intentional crimes that combine to produce an indivisible injury to a victim. (7) It is the intent of Congress that victims of child pornography be fully compensated for all the harms resulting from every perpe-trator who contributes to their anguish. Such an aggregate causation standard re-flects the nature of child pornography and the unique ways that it actually harms vic-tims. 
SEC. 3. DETERMINING RESTITUTION. 
(a) D ETERMINING RESTITUTION .—Section 2259(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The order’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (2), the order’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘as determined by the court pursuant to paragraph (2)’’ after ‘‘of the victim’s losses’’; (2) by striking paragraph (3); (3) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) R
ESTITUTION FOR TRAFFICKING IN CHILD  
PORNOGRAPHY .—If the defendant was con-victed for trafficking in child pornography, the order of restitution under this section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.026 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES474 January 23, 2018 
shall direct the defendant to pay the victim (through the appropriate court mechanism) an amount of restitution determined by the court as follows: ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINING THE FULL AMOUNT OF A  
VICTIM ’S LOSSES .—The court shall determine the full amount of the victim’s losses that were incurred or are reasonably projected to be incurred by the victim as a result of the trafficking in child pornography. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINING A RESTITUTION AMOUNT .— After completing the determination required under subparagraph (A), the court shall enter an order of restitution against the de-fendant in favor of the victim in an amount which is between $3,000 and 1 percent of the full amount of the victim’s losses. ‘‘(C) T
ERMINATION OF PAYMENT .—A victim’s total aggregate recovery pursuant to this section shall not exceed the full amount of the victim’s demonstrated losses. After the victim has received restitution in the full amount of the victim’s losses as measured by the greatest amount of such losses found in any case involving that victim that has re-sulted in a final restitution order under this section, the liability of each defendant who is or has been ordered to pay restitution for such losses to that victim shall be termi-nated. The court may direct the victim to provide information concerning the amount of restitution the victim has been paid in other cases for the same losses.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—Section 2259(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D
EFINI -
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘D EFINITIONS ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(4) V
ICTIM .—For purposes’’; (3) by striking ‘‘under this chapter, includ-ing, in the case’’ and inserting ‘‘under this chapter. In the case’’; (4) by inserting after ‘‘or any other person appointed as suitable by the court,’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘may assume the crime victim’s rights under this section,’’; and (5) by inserting before paragraph (4), as so designated, the following: ‘‘(1) C
HILD PORNOGRAPHY PRODUCTION .—For purposes of this section and section 2259A, the term ‘child pornography production’ means conduct proscribed by subsections (a) through (c) of section 2251, section 2252A(g) (in cases in which the series of felony viola-tions involves at least 1 of the violations listed in this section), section 2260(a), or any offense under chapter 109A or chapter 117 that involved the production of child pornog-raphy, as defined in section 2256. ‘‘(2) F
ULL AMOUNT OF THE VICTIM ’S 
LOSSES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘full amount of the victim’s losses’ in-cludes any costs incurred, or reasonably pro-jected to be incurred in the future, by the victim, and in the case of a trafficking in child pornography conviction, as a proxi-mate result of all trafficking in child por-nography offenses involving the same vic-tim, including— ‘‘(A) medical services relating to physical, psychiatric, or psychological care; ‘‘(B) physical and occupational therapy or rehabilitation; ‘‘(C) necessary transportation, temporary housing, and child care expenses; ‘‘(D) lost income; ‘‘(E) attorneys’ fees, as well as other costs incurred; and ‘‘(F) any other relevant losses incurred by the victim. ‘‘(3) T
RAFFICKING IN CHILD PORNOGRAPHY .— For purposes of this section and section 2259A, the term ‘trafficking in child pornog-raphy’ means conduct proscribed by section 2251(d), 2251A, 2252, 2252A, section 2252A(g) (in cases in which the series of felony violations exclusively involves violations listed in this section), or section 2260(b).’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 1593(b)(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2259(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2259(c)(2)’’. 
SEC. 4. DEFINED MONETARY ASSISTANCE. 
Section 2259 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) D
EFINED MONETARY ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINED MONETARY ASSISTANCE MADE  
AVAILABLE AT VICTIM ’S ELECTION .— ‘‘(A) E
LECTION TO RECEIVE DEFINED MONE -
TARY ASSISTANCE .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), if the defendant was convicted of child pornography production, the victim of child pornography production may choose to receive defined monetary assistance from the Child Pornography Victims’ Reserve es-tablished under section 1402(d)(6) of the Vic-tims of Crime Act of 1984. ‘‘(B) F
INDING .—To be eligible for defined monetary assistance under this subsection, a court shall determine whether the claimant is a victim of the defendant who was con-victed of child pornography production. ‘‘(C) O
RDER .—If a court determines that a claimant is a victim of child pornography production under subparagraph (B) and the claimant chooses to receive defined mone-tary assistance, the court shall order pay-ment in accordance with subparagraph (D) to the victim from the Child Pornography Vic-tims’ Reserve established under section 1402(d)(6) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984. ‘‘(D) A
MOUNT OF DEFINED MONETARY ASSIST -
ANCE .—The amount of defined monetary as-sistance payable under this subparagraph shall be equal to— ‘‘(i) for the first calendar year after the date of enactment of this subsection, $35,000; and ‘‘(ii) for each calendar year after the year described in clause (i), $35,000 multiplied by the ratio (not less than one) of— ‘‘(I) the Consumer Price Index for all Urban Consumer (CPI–U, as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Depart-ment of Labor) for the calendar year pre-ceding such calendar year; to ‘‘(II) the CPI–U for the calendar year 2 years before the calendar year described in clause (i). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS ON DEFINED MONETARY AS -
SISTANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A victim may only ob-tain defined monetary assistance under this subsection once. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT ON RECOVERY OF OTHER RES -
TITUTION .—A victim who obtains defined monetary assistance under this subsection shall not be barred or limited from receiving restitution against any defendant for any of-fenses not covered by this section. ‘‘(C) D
EDUCTION .—If a victim who received defined monetary assistance under this sub-section subsequently seeks restitution under this section, the court shall deduct the amount the victim received in defined mone-tary assistance when determining the full amount of the victim’s losses. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS ON ELIGIBILITY .—A victim who has collected payment of restitution pursuant to this section in an amount great-er than the amount provided for under para-graph (1)(D) shall be ineligible to receive de-fined monetary assistance under this sub-section. ‘‘(4) G
UARDIAN AD LITEM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In all cases alleging child pornography production, the court shall appoint a guardian ad litem, who shall be an attorney, for each identified victim of the child pornography production, pursuant to section 3509(h). ‘‘(B) F
EES.—A guardian ad litem appointed pursuant to this subsection may not charge, receive, or collect, without court approval for good cause shown, any fees or payment of expenses that in the aggregate exceed 10 per-cent of any defined monetary assistance pay-ment made under this subsection. ‘‘(C) PENALTY .—Any guardian ad litem who violates subparagraph (B) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than one year, or both.’’. 
SEC. 5. ASSESSMENTS IN CHILD PORNOGRAPHY CASES. 
(a) A SSESSMENTS IN CHILD PORNOGRAPHY  C
ASES.—Chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2259 the following: ‘‘§ 2259A. Assessments in child pornography cases ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In addition to any other criminal penalty, restitution, or special as-sessment authorized by law, the court shall assess— ‘‘(1) not more than $17,000 on any person convicted of an offense under section 2252(a)(4) or 2252A(a)(5); ‘‘(2) not more than $35,000 on any person convicted of any other offense for trafficking in child pornography; and ‘‘(3) not more than $50,000 on any person convicted of a child pornography production offense. ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL ADJUSTMENT .—The dollar amounts in subsection (a) shall be adjusted annually in conformity with the Consumer Price Index. ‘‘(c) F
ACTORS CONSIDERED .—In determining the amount of the assessment under sub-section (a), the court shall consider the fac-tors set forth in sections 3553(a) and 3572. ‘‘(d) I
MPOSITION AND IMPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The provisions of sub-chapter C of chapter 227 (other than section 3571) and subchapter B of chapter 229 (relat-ing to fines) apply to assessments under this section, except that paragraph (2) applies in lieu of any contrary provisions of law relat-ing to fines or disbursement of money re-ceived from a defendant. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT ON OTHER PENALTIES .—Imposi- tion of an assessment under this section does not relieve a defendant of, or entitle a de-fendant to reduce the amount of any other penalty by the amount of the assessment. Any money received from a defendant shall be disbursed so that each of the following ob-ligations is paid in full in the following se-quence: ‘‘(A) A special assessment under section 3013. ‘‘(B) Restitution to victims of any child pornography production offense that the de-fendant committed. ‘‘(C) An assessment under this section and restitution to victims of any trafficking in child pornography offenses. ‘‘(D) Other orders under any other section of this title. ‘‘(E) All other fines, penalties, costs, and other payments required under the sen-tence.’’. (b) C
HILD PORNOGRAPHY VICTIMS RE-
SERVE .—Section 1402(d) the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (34 U.S.C. 20101(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6)(A) The Director may set aside up to $10,000,000 of the amounts remaining in the Fund in any fiscal year after distributing the amounts under paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), in a Child Pornography Victims Reserve, which may be used by the Attorney General for payments under section 2259(d) of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(B) Amounts in the reserve may be car-ried over from fiscal year to fiscal year, but the total amount of the reserve shall not ex-ceed $10,000,000. Notwithstanding subsection (c) and any limitation on Fund obligations in any future Act, unless the same should ex-pressly refer to this section, any such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.023 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S475 January 23, 2018 
amounts carried over shall not be subject to any limitation on obligations from amounts deposited to or available in the Fund.’’. (c) C
HILD PORNOGRAPHY VICTIMS RE-
SERVE .—Chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2259A, as added by subsection (a), the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 2259B. Child pornography victims reserve ‘‘(a) D
EPOSITS INTO THE RESERVE .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, there shall be deposited into the Child Por-nography Victims Reserve established under section 1402(d)(6) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 all assessments collected under sec-tion 2259A and any gifts, bequests, or dona-tions to the Child Pornography Victims Re-serve from private entities or individuals. ‘‘(b) A
VAILABILITY FOR DEFINED MONETARY  A
SSISTANCE .—Amounts in the Child Pornog-raphy Victims Reserve shall be available for payment of defined monetary assistance pur-suant to section 2259(d). If at any time the Child Pornography Victims Reserve has in-sufficient funds to make all of the payments ordered under section 2259(d), the Child Por-nography Victims Reserve shall make such payments as it can satisfy in full from avail-able funds. In determining the order in which such payments shall be made, the Child Por-nography Victims Reserve shall make pay-ments based on the date they were ordered, with the earliest-ordered payments made first. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Attorney Gen-eral shall administer the Child Pornography Victims Reserve and shall issue guidelines and regulations to implement this section. ‘‘(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that individuals who violate this chapter before this legislation is enacted, but who are sentenced after this legislation is enacted, shall be subject to the statutory scheme that was in effect at the time the of-fenses were committed.’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2259 the fol-lowing: ‘‘2259A. Assessments in child pornography cases. ‘‘2259B. Child pornography victims reserve.’’. 
SEC. 6. CHILD PORNOGRAPHY VICTIM’S RIGHT TO EVIDENCE. 
Section 3509(m) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3)(A) In any criminal proceeding, a vic-tim of trafficking in child pornography or child pornography production, as those terms are defined in section 2259(c), shall have access to any property or material that constitutes child pornography, as defined by section 2256, depicting the victim, for inspec-tion, viewing, and examination at a Govern-ment facility, by the victim, his or her attor-ney, and any individual the victim may seek to qualify to furnish expert testimony. ‘‘(B) A victim of trafficking in child por-nography or child pornography production, as those terms are defined in section 2259(c), his or her attorney, and any individual the victim may seek to qualify to furnish expert testimony may not copy, photograph, dupli-cate, or otherwise reproduce any property or material that constitutes child pornography, as defined by section 2256 of this title, so long as the Government makes the property or material reasonably available to the vic-tim, his or her attorney, and any individual the victim may seek to qualify to furnish ex-pert testimony.’’. 
SEC. 7. CLERICAL AMENDMENTS. 
(a) E XPANSION OF CIVILREMEDIES FOR SAT-
ISFACTION OF AN UNPAID FINE.—Section 3613(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘an assessment im-posed pursuant to section 2259A of this title,’’ after ‘‘pursuant to the provisions of subchapter C of chapter 227 of this title,’’. (b) CLARIFICATION OF INTERSTATE OR FOR-
EIGN COMMERCE PROVISION REGARDING CER-
TAIN ACTIVITIES PERTAINING TO CHILD POR-
NOGRAPHY .—Section 2252A (a)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘using any means or facil-ity of interstate or foreign commerce’’ and inserting ‘‘has been’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘using any means or facil-ity of interstate or foreign commerce or’’ after ‘‘child pornography’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘using any means or facil-ity of interstate or foreign commerce’’ and inserting ‘‘has been’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘using any means or facil-ity of interstate or foreign commerce or’’ after ‘‘child pornography’’. (c) C
LARIFICATION OF THE DEFINITION OF  ‘‘S
EXUALLY EXPLICIT CONDUCT ’’.—Section 2256(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(v)— (A) by inserting ‘‘anus,’’ before ‘‘genitals’’; and (B) by inserting a comma after ‘‘genitals’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(iii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘anus,’’ before ‘‘genitals’’; and (B) by inserting a comma after ‘‘genitals’’. (d) C
LARIFICATION OF THE EXTENT OF THE  O
FFENSE OF COERCION AND ENTICEMENT OF A  M
INOR.—Section 3559(e)(2)(A) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘into prostitution’’. 
SEC. 8. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION. 
Not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit to Congress a report on the progress of the Department of Justice in im-plementing the amendments made by sec-tions 3 through 5. f 
AUTHORIZING PRODUCTION OF RECORDS Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 379, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 379) to authorize the production of records by the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 379) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) CONGRATULATING THE UNIVER-SITY OF CHARLESTON MEN’S SOCCER TEAM FOR WINNING THE NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATH-LETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION II MEN’S SOCCER CHAMPIONSHIP Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 380, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 380) congratulating the University of Charleston men’s soccer team for winning the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division II Men’s Soc-cer Championship at Swope Soccer Village in Kansas City, Missouri. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 380) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 2018 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Wednesday, Janu-ary 24; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Azar nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:38 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, January 24, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
THE JUDICIARY  
J. CAMPBELL BARKER, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, VICE LEONARD E. DAVIS, RETIRED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.023 S23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES476 January 23, 2018 
JEREMY D. KERNODLE, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, VICE MICHAEL H. SCHNEIDER, SR., RETIRED. MICHAEL J. TRUNCALE, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, VICE RONALD H. CLARK, RETIRING. WENDY VITTER, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF LOU-ISIANA, VICE HELEN G. BERRIGAN, RETIRED. CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate January 23, 2018: FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM  
JEROME H. POWELL, OF MARYLAND, TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RE-SERVE SYSTEM FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23JA6.002 S23JAPT1
D81 Tuesday, January 23, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate confirmed the nomination of Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S445–S476 Measures Introduced: Four bills and five resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2329–2332, and S. Res. 376–380.
                                                 Pages S467–68 
Measures Passed: John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources Sys-tem: Senate passed S. 1395, to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in Delaware.
                                       Page S471 
Amy, Vicky, and Andy Child Pornography Vic-tim Assistance Act: Senate passed S. 2152, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assist-ance for victims of child pornography, after agreeing to the committee amendments.
                    Pages S471–76 
Authorize the Production of Records: Senate agreed to S. Res. 379, to authorize the production of records by the Permanent Subcommittee on Inves-tigations of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
                                      Page S475 
Congratulating the University of Charleston Men’s Soccer Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 380, congratulating the University of Charleston men’s soccer team for winning the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division II Men’s Soccer Cham-pionship at Swope Soccer Village in Kansas City, Missouri.
                                                                          Page S475 
Azar Nomination—Agreement: Senate continued consideration of the nomination of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services.
                                                   Pages S458–63 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 54 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 20), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                    Page S460 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, all post-clo-ture time on the nomination expire at 2:15 p.m., on Wednesday, January 24, 2018; and that Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination with no inter-vening action or debate.
                                   Pages S460–63 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednes-day, January 24, 2018.
                                             Page S463 
James Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that not-withstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, following the cloture vote on the nomination of Samuel Dale Brownback, of Kansas, to be Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, Department of State, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of R.D. James, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Army; and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order, and Senate resume consideration of the nomination of Samuel Dale Brownback, of Kansas, to be Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, Depart-ment of State.
                                                                Page S463 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 84 yeas to 13 nays (Vote No. EX. 19), Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a term of four years.
                                   Pages S446–60 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 84 yeas to 12 nays (Vote No. 18), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                            Pages S447–48 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: J. Campbell Barker, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JA8.REC D23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD82 January 23, 2018 
Jeremy D. Kernodle, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas. Michael J. Truncale, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas. Wendy Vitter, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana. 
                                                                                      Pages S475–76 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S466 
Executive Communications:                               Page S466 
Petitions and Memorials:                              Pages S466–67 
Executive Reports of Committees:                 Page S467 
Additional Cosponsors:                                          Page S468 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S468–71 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S464–65 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S471 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S471 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—20)
                                      Pages S448, S459–60, S460 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12:02 p.m. and adjourned at 6:38 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednes-day, January 24, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S475.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NUCLEAR POSTURE REVIEW Committee on Armed Services: Committee received a closed briefing on the Nuclear Posture Review from John C. Rood, Under Secretary for Policy, and Gen-eral Paul J. Selva, USAF, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, both of the Department of Defense. CYBER WARFIGHTING POLICY Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Cyber-security concluded a closed hearing to examine cyber warfighting policy, after receiving testimony from Kenneth P. Rapuano, Assistant Secretary for Home-land Defense and Global Security, Lieutenant Gen-eral Richard D. Clarke, USA, Director for Strategic Plans and Policy, J5, Joint Staff, and Neill Tipton, Director, Information Sharing and Partner Engage-ment Directorate, Office of the Under Secretary for Intelligence, all of the Department of Defense. NOMINATIONS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors, and to be a Member of the Board of Directors, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Marvin Goodfriend, of Penn-sylvania, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and Thomas E. Workman, of New York, to be a Member of the Fi-nancial Stability Oversight Council, after the nomi-nees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security concluded a hearing to examine surface transportation security, focusing on addressing current and emerging threats, after receiving testimony from David P. Pekoske, Administrator, Transportation Security Administra-tion, and John V. Kelly, Acting Inspector General, both of the Department of Homeland Security. ELECTRIC POWER SYSTEM DURING RECENT WINTER WEATHER EVENTS Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the per-formance of the electric power system in the North-east and mid-Atlantic during recent winter weather events, including the bomb cyclone, after receiving testimony from Kevin J. McIntyre, Chairman, Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission, and Bruce J. Walker, Assistant Secretary, Office of Electricity De-livery and Energy Reliability, both of the Depart-ment of Energy; Charles A. Berardesco, North Amer-ican Electric Reliability Corporation, Washington, D.C.; Allison Clements, goodgrid LLC, Salt Lake City, Utah; Andrew L. Ott, PJM Interconnection, LLC, Audubon, Pennsylvania; and Gordon van Welie, ISO New England, Holyoke, Massachusetts. PUBLIC HEALTH THREAT PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine facing 21st century public health threats, focusing on our Nation’s preparedness and response capabilities, after receiving testimony from John Dreyzehner, Ten-nessee Department of Health, Nashville; Tom Inglesby, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health Center for Health Security, Baltimore, Mary-land; Brent MacGregor, Seqirus, Summit, New Jer-sey; and Steven E. Krug, Ann and Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois, on behalf of the American Academy of Pediatrics. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JA8.REC D23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D83 January 23, 2018 
INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 4 p.m. on Thursday, January 25, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D61) 
S. 139, to amend the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 to improve foreign intelligence collection and the safeguards, accountability, and oversight of acquisitions of foreign intelligence, to extend title VII of such Act. Signed on January 19, 2018. (Public Law 115–118) COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 2018 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to receive a closed briefing on global nuclear de-velopments, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hearings to exam-ine officer personnel management and the Defense Officer Personnel Management Act of 1980, 3 p.m., SR–222. Committee on the Budget: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Congressional Budget Office, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Michael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Daniel Desmond Domenico, to be United States District Judge for the District of Colorado, and Adam I. Klein, of the District of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, 10 a.m., SD–226. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine turning 65, focusing on navigating critical decisions to age well, 9:30 a.m., SD–562. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JA8.REC D23JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD84 January 23, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, January 24 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indi-ana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services, post- cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 2:15 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Alex Mi-chael Azar II, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Samuel Dale Brownback, of Kansas, to be Ambassador at Large for International Reli-gious Freedom, Department of State. Following the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Samuel Dale Brownback, Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination of R. D. James, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 4 p.m., Thursday, January 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 4 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jan 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23JA8.REC D23JAPT1