Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9527 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2018 No. 181 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 15, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ICHAEL K. S
IMPSON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
I RISE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise because I love my country. I rise because I care about people. And because I love my country and care about people, I rise on behalf of those living and deceased who have suffered grave injustices associated with hate. I rise on behalf of those who have suf-fered the injustices associated with sexism, racism, nativism, Islamophobia, and xenophobia. I rise on behalf of the slave mother who had her baby torn away from her at the auction block. I rise on behalf of the mother at the border of the United States of America who had her baby taken from her as her baby cried to be in her mother’s arms. I rise on behalf of the many who have been persecuted for religious beliefs, those who have suffered religious per-secution. I rise on behalf of the women who have been denied opportunities because of their gender. I rise on behalf of the LGBTQ persons who have suffered sim-ply because of being who they are. Mr. Speaker, I rise and I stand in the well of the Congress of the United States of America against bigotry and hatred. I rise and stand against the big-otry emanating from the Presidency, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I refuse to allow it to be reduced to his being a jerk. I refuse to allow it to be reduced to something simply political. Mr. Speaker, bigotry in our country has hurt too many for too long. Mr. Speaker, I let others do what they may. I am not angry with anyone, Mr. Speaker. Let them do what they may. But it is in my DNA to oppose this bigotry, and I rise and I stand against it. I will not let the Record show that when I was elected to Congress, I did not do something about the cir-cumstance that is changing the culture in this country: persons running for of-fice claiming that they somehow can say that it is okay to go to a hanging; persons running for office talking about monkey business, knowing how that relates to those of African ances-try. Mr. Speaker, I refuse to accept it. I rise to take a stand for the many who have suffered from bigotry and hatred emanating from the Presidency. I rise. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, this is Na-tional Apprenticeship Week and a good time to celebrate the renewed atten-tion that apprenticeships have received from the Committee on Education and the Workforce and this administration. Apprenticeships are a centuries-old workforce development tool referenced as far back as the Bible. Nothing can prepare a student quite like the on-the- job experience, and apprenticeships are a tried and true method of preparing students to enter the workforce with the skills they need to succeed. We have a national skills gap with more than 7 million unfilled jobs in the country, and, for the seventh month running, the number of job openings has exceeded job seekers nationwide. A recent survey of U.S. employers showed that nearly half of all job cre-ators struggle to hire employees with the right skills for the job, and, for the sixth year running, skilled trade jobs continue to be the hardest positions to fill all over the world. Apprenticeships are a wonderful solu-tion to closing the skills gap and strengthening the workforce. We at the Committee on Education and the Workforce recognize this, and we have worked hard this Congress to make skills-based education a viable and val-uable path for American workers. Over the course of the 115th Congress, we have made historic progress strengthening our workforce develop-ment efforts. For the first time, the committee reported postsecondary re-form legislation that promotes appren-ticeships as key postsecondary edu-cation opportunities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.000 H15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9528 November 15, 2018 
The PROSPER Act would improve student access to and participation in industry-led earn-and-learn programs and apprenticeships to allow students to hone their skills in a hands-on envi-ronment. This summer, we sent major, bipar-tisan CTE legislation to the Presi-dent’s desk. The Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act was the first legislation in more than a decade to modernize our Nation’s CTE programs. The law will create innovative community partner-ships while connecting Americans with programs to grow their skills and land in-demand industry jobs. We have also continued to see the on-going implementation of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, WIOA. WIOA gives employers a seat at the table and encourages collaboration between local leaders as they work to create on-the-job learning opportuni-ties. In September, the Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce De-velopment heard from witnesses about how the law supports the development of locally based apprenticeship pro-grams. The President has bolstered our ef-forts by listening to the needs of Amer-ican workers. Since President Trump’s first month in office, American em-ployers have hired over 400,000 appren-tices. In June of last year, the Presi-dent issued an executive order creating a Task Force on Apprenticeship Expan-sion, and, earlier this year, the White House developed the Pledge to Amer-ica’s Workers. This groundbreaking initiative has resulted in over 160 com-panies and associations pledging jobs, education, and workforce development opportunities for more than 6 million American workers. We made monumental strides over the course of the last 2 years, and we are continuing to look for innovative ways to connect effective education with in-demand jobs. Each of us knows a person with considerable gifts and talents who may not be suited for long- term postsecondary education. A bac-calaureate degree is not the only path-way to a good-paying job. Apprentice-ships are life changing and can provide countless Americans with the knowl-edge and skills they need to achieve lifelong success. Thanks to the leadership of this body and the administration, Americans have greater access than ever before to the opportunities they need to excel in the millions of good-paying, in-demand jobs available nationwide. 
f 
HONORING HANK SANDERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the extraor-dinary life and amazing career of Ala-bama State Senator Hank Sanders, also known as The Rock. For the past 35 years, State Senator Sanders has been a powerful voice in the Alabama Legislature, ably rep-resenting the 23rd District since 1983. He was the longest serving chair of the Senate Finance and Taxation Com-mittee from 1996 and served for four consecutive terms until Republicans took over the statehouse in 2010. Senator Sanders is a lawyer; a states-man; a native of my hometown of Selma, Alabama; and a true Renais-sance man. Along with his numerous legislative accomplishments, Senator Sanders has also penned more than 1,600 newspaper articles and columns known as Senate Sketches as a way of communicating directly with his con-stituents. Senator Sanders’ years of service to the State of Alabama and to the Ala-bama Legislature will be missed. For you see, Mr. Speaker, after 35 years, this lion of the Alabama Senate is re-tiring. Choosing not to run in 2018, he will be ably replaced by his daughter, who recently won that election. Unlike many who found themselves in positions of power, Senator Sanders did not come from a privileged back-ground. Senator Sanders came from humble beginnings, 1 of 13 children born to Sam and Ola Mae Sanders in Baldwin County, Alabama. Growing up, Senator Sanders said what his family lacked in money, they more than made up for in love and sup-port. The Sanders family provided con-stant encouragement for their chil-dren, pushing each of them to further their dreams through education. At the age of 12, Senator Sanders was inspired to become a lawyer after read-ing an article about Thurgood Mar-shall. Following his graduation from Douglasville High School, Senator Sanders began pursuing his legal ca-reer, graduating near the top of his class at Talladega College. After earning his bachelor’s degree, Senator Sanders went on to enroll and graduate from Harvard Law School. He attended Harvard Law School in the 1970s on a Felix Frankfurter Scholar-ship, an award for underprivileged stu-dents who showed exceptional promise. During his time at Harvard Law School, he was president of the Har-vard Black Law Students Association. It was during law school that he found his life mate, his beloved wife, Faya Ora Rose Toure, formerly known as Rose M. Sanders. After graduating, Senator Sanders and his wife moved back to Selma, Alabama, my home-town. Their decision to go to Selma was one that was made because they knew how important it was to do things in the Black Belt, saying they grew up to love and cherish the city, which pro-vided an opportunity to build both of their careers and raise their family. They started a very productive law firm by the name of Chestnut, Sanders, and Sanders. During their 41 years together, they produced six beautiful children and nine grandchildren. In 1971, Senator Sanders founded the law firm of Chestnut, Sanders, Sanders, and Pettaway, which was one of the top African American-owned law firms in the State of Alabama, as well as one of the largest in the country. Senator Sanders dedicated his life to making sure he pursued justice on be-half of the underserved. He gave a voice to the voiceless, and he still works tirelessly today. In 1982, Senator Sanders decided to pursue his passion for helping others on a State-wide level, winning a seat in the Alabama State Senate for the 23rd District. During his 35 years rep-resenting the largest political region in Alabama, Senator Sanders won seven bids for reelection. Senator Sanders has proudly cham-pioned issues such as childhood edu-cation and nutrition, healthcare, wom-en’s issues, and removing the sales tax for food. He served as chair of the Fi-nance and Taxation Education Com-mittee, and he was voted Outstanding Legislator by the Alabama Legislative Black Caucus. b1015 Senator Sanders was voted a finalist for the Legislator of the Year Award by his fellow Senators. He has numerous awards to his credit. On a personal note, Senator Sanders was my State senator for those 35 years representing my hometown of Selma. He is a legal and political giant in our community, and I join with our com-munity this weekend in acknowledging his 35 years of service to the State of Alabama and to this Nation. He is truly a renaissance man. He has a brilliant legal mind, and not only is he politically astute, but he is also a family man who begins every day with prayer and meditation. I think it is so important for those young folks who come behind us that we know and re-spect and honor Senator Sanders. It is with great honor, Mr. Speaker, that I ask my colleagues to join me in acknowledging the lion of the Alabama State Senate, a man who has left an in-delible imprint on the lives of so many in the Black Belt of Alabama, a com-munity that he has represented for more than 35 years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in acknowledging the accom-plishments of State Senator Hank Sanders. He has served his constituents well, and his contributions to the State of Alabama and to this Nation will shape the political and social landscape of this great Nation for years to come. f 
TECHNICAL SERGEANT VIRGIL POE, ONE OF THE GREATEST GENERATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, born in the 1920s, he grew up in the Depres-sion of the 1930s poor, just like many American children in the rural areas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.003 H15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9529 November 15, 2018 
Fresh vegetables were grown in the family garden behind the small frame house, and his mother made sand-wiches for school out of homemade bread. Store-bought bread was for the rich. He grew up belonging to the Boy Scouts, playing the trumpet in high school band, raising rabbits and bees, and he went to church on most Sun-days. In 1944, this 18-year-old country boy who had never been more than 50 miles from home finally found himself going through basic training in the United States Army at Camp Wolters, Texas. After that, he rode the train with hun-dreds of other American GIs—mostly teenagers, really—to New York City for an ocean trip on a cramped Liberty ship to fight in the great World War II. As a soldier in the Seventh Army, he went from France on to survive the Battle of the Bulge and through the cities of Aachen, Stuttgart, Cologne, and Bonn. As a teenager, he saw the concentra-tion camps and the victims of the Nazis. He saw incredible numbers of other teenage Americans buried in graves throughout France, a sobering monument to those soldiers at Nor-mandy. After Germany surrendered, Tech Sergeant Virgil Poe went back to Fort Hood, Texas, to be reequipped for the invasion of Japan. He was put on a train going to Seattle from where he was supposed to be sent to the South Pacific; but he learned when he arrived in Seattle that Japan had surrendered, so he was ordered back to Fort Hood, Texas. It was there that he met Mom at a Wednesday night prayer meeting service at the Church of Christ. It has only been in the last 10 or 15 years that this GI, my father, began to talk about World War II. He still would not say much, except he does say that young Americans are still buried in France and they are the heroes. After the war, he opened a DX service station, where he pumped gas, sold tires, fixed cars, and began a family. Deciding he needed to go to college, he moved to west Texas and enrolled in a small Christian college called Abilene Christian College. He and his wife and two small chil-dren lived in an old converted Army barracks with other such families, and he supported us by working nights at KRBC Radio and climbing telephone poles for Ma Bell, later known as Southwestern Bell. He finished college, became an engi-neer, and worked over 40 years at Southwestern Bell Telephone Company in Houston, Texas. He turned down a promotion to transfer to New York City because it wasn’t Texas, and he said ‘‘it was no place to raise a fam-ily.’’ Dad instilled in my sister and me the values of being a neighbor, loving our country, loving our heritage, and trust-ing in the Good Lord. He still gets mad at the East Coast media. He flies the flag on holidays. He goes to church on Sunday, and he takes Mom out to eat almost every Friday night. He stands in the front yard and talks to his neighbors, and he can still fix anything. He mowed his own grass until he was 90 years of age, and you better believe he has a strong opinion on politics and world events. He gives plenty of advice to all people, including me, usually at 5:30 in the morning. He has two computers in his home office. He sends emails to hundreds of his bud-dies all over the world. Dad and Mom still live in Houston not far from where I grew up. As we recognize those who served our country this week, we honor not only my dad, but all of those American he-roes. Dad is now 93 years of age, and he was one of those individuals. He is the best man I ever met, one of the charter members of the Greatest Generation. I hope I turn out like him, the man I ad-mire the most. Virgil Poe: a good man, good soldier, good father, and that is plenty for one life. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK AND WOMEN IN APPRENTICE-SHIP DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, it is National Apprenticeship Week and Women in Apprenticeship Day, and I want to highlight the potential for ap-prenticeships to get people into good- paying jobs. When I visit communities across northwest Oregon, I hear from many Oregonians who feel left behind and left out of the economic recovery. Far too many families are still struggling to make ends meet. Their wages are stagnant, and they feel overwhelmed by rising rent prices, barriers to transportation, and sky-rocketing costs of childcare. They can’t save for retirement or for their kids to go to college. They need access to good-paying jobs so they can sup-port themselves and their families. Workforce development programs can assist them, particularly assisting those who have barriers to employ-ment. Good workforce policies can help them access the education, training, credentials, and support services they need to secure living-wage jobs. Good workforce policies create opportunities for employers to align training with the skills they need. As we recognize National Apprentice-ship Week and Women in Apprentice-ship Day, we must commit to strength-ening apprenticeships and work-based learning programs. Investing in these programs will help more people access better-paying, stable careers and pro-vide our businesses with a workforce that will improve productivity and effi-ciency. In the district I represent, the Or-egon Manufacturing Innovation Center, or OMIC, is bringing together industry leaders like Boeing with local colleges, including Portland Community Col-lege, Oregon Institute of Technology, Oregon State University, and Portland State University, to develop a reg-istered apprenticeship program. This collaboration will result in growth, in-novation, and efficiency in advanced manufacturing and a more skilled workforce. OMIC is a tremendous opportunity for Oregonians and exactly the kind of partnership that brings value to our communities and to our economy. I was proud to help secure funding for OMIC through the Economic Develop-ment Administration, and I look for-ward to seeing its continued growth and the opportunities it will bring to northwest Oregon and our region and our future manufacturing workforce. Although some employers recognize the importance of recruiting and train-ing all working people, across the country, the representation of women in the trades remains quite low. In Or-egon, we are leading the way. Women’s participation in registered apprentice-ship programs is more than double the national average, demonstrating the value of organizations like Oregon Tradeswomen, with the mission dedi-cated to promoting success for women in the trades through education, lead-ership, and mentorship. We can help increase the presence of programs like Oregon Tradeswomen across the country by increasing fund-ing for the Women in Apprenticeship and Nontraditional Occupations grants, and, of course, by supporting the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act. To help Oregonians and many other Americans who still face job insecu-rity, we must expand work-based learn-ing to industries that lack established apprenticeship programs, like healthcare and technology, especially in startups. Unfortunately, small- and medium- sized businesses often do not have the resources to establish work-based learning programs on their own. Indus-try partnerships like those at OMIC solve this challenge by bringing to-gether employers, educational institu-tions, training providers, and local or-ganizations to support the creation and expansion of work-based learning pro-grams that benefit workers and the economy as a whole. I have worked with my colleague from Georgia, Congressman D
REW FER-
GUSON , to introduce the Promoting Ap-prenticeships through Regional Train-ing Networks for Employers’ Required Skills, or PARTNERS, Act. This bipartisan bill would use exist-ing dollars to invest in industry part-nerships to help businesses recruit workers, develop training curriculums, and provide workers with access to tools, work attire, transportation, childcare services, and mentorship sup-port. These support services help busi-nesses retain employees and help work-ers balance caring for and providing for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.005 H15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9530 November 15, 2018 
their families while they are learning new skills. The PARTNERS Act and funding for the Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act are two pieces of the greater need to invest in apprenticeships and other paid on-the-job training programs. During National Apprenticeship Week, I stand ready to continue the fight for policies that can help more people access better-paying jobs and meet the demands of our local employ-ers. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DAMON P. NELSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank my colleagues who are here to pay tribute to the staff director of the House Intelligence Committee, Damon Nelson, who passed away on Saturday. As you see from the tributes that have already poured in and those to come today, Damon worked closely with many Members of Congress for a long time. He served 12 years in my personal office as my legislative direc-tor, later as deputy chief of staff, and then almost 4 years on the House Intel-ligence Committee as senior adviser, deputy staff director, and, finally, staff director. These testimonies reflect Damon’s hard work and his enthusiasm for help-ing others. He showed immense respect for the institution of Congress and felt deeply honored to assist the people’s Representatives and to participate in the legislative process. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-leagues for coming today to speak on the House floor about Damon. He will be deeply missed both inside and out-side these halls, and especially by his wife, Dana. At this time, I am honored to yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), my great friend and chair-man of the Republican delegation from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor my friend Damon Nelson, who led the House Intelligence Committee staff on the committee very well. He passed away unexpectedly, as mentioned by Congressman N
UNES , this past Satur-day at the age of 46. As many have known, Damon was a long-time friend and staff member of Congressman D
EVIN NUNES . Over time, Damon became close with many us here. I got to know Damon through my work on California water policy. There is a saying, ‘‘Whiskey is for drinking; water is for fighting,’’ and that certainly was true when it comes to water in the West, and it continues to be. However, Damon showed a unique talent for mediating complex water issues, keeping the confidence of the stakeholders involved. He became an expert on California water, mentoring staff and Members on the issue. Without a doubt, he was one of the most gifted, intelligent, articu-late negotiators on a very complex issue that transcended political par-ties, regions, and, oftentimes, common sense. He took this rare set of skills to his next role as staff director for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence. As one of the appropriators as-signed to HPSCI, I was fortunate to be able to continue to work with Damon. Just as he demonstrated on California water, Damon took the helm of the committee with ease and guided it through some of the most challenging times the committee has faced. He did all of this with a smile and the con-fidence that he was working toward something greater than himself. His presence will be deeply missed on the committee and in Congress. I ex-tend my deepest condolences to his wife, Dana, and to his entire family, in-cluding my good friend, DEVIN. Damon served his country honorably in the United States Air Force, was a veteran of the Gulf War, and was an American patriot. He came to D.C. to make a difference, and he did. Godspeed, Damon. We are grateful for your service, and we will honor your memory. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ). Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to someone I have gotten to know over the last few years pretty well. Damon Nelson became an immediate friend, an ally, and a mentor. There are so many different words to describe what Damon was to a lot of us. When I came in as a freshman, I still remember his help setting up offices, helping me interview potential staff, and giving me direction on every deci-sion that we had to make. It was amaz-ing to watch, as an incoming Member with brand-new staff, the way that he would take his time to mentor every single one of them from top to bottom. b1030 Damon treated everyone as an equal. He treated people with respect and dig-nity. He truly loved this country, loved this institution, and loved the process of helping others be successful here. He never, ever looked down on another person. He had a sense of humor even until the very end. Every chance I could, I would get down into the Per-manent Select Committee on Intel-ligence and just spend some time with him in the office talking and laughing about whatever topic was going on that day. He is going to be truly missed by a lot of us. He was truly a great guy who really added a lot to this institution. He made my time here in Congress much, much better, and even helped set us up for as much success as we have had over the last 6 years, and it is all because of guys like Damon. I am grateful to have known him and grate-ful to have served with him. I really do wish his family the best. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DAMON P. NELSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute and honor to an indi-vidual who made a difference, Damon Nelson. When I think of Damon I think of the quintessential staff person, and I think of three words: duty, honor, and country. Like a lot of us who grew up in the San Joaquin Valley, he was always in touch with his roots. Damon was a per-son who obviously loved our country and dedicated his entire career to serv-ing, first in the American military in the Air Force, and then later coming to our Nation’s Capitol to try to make a difference. He was a problem solver. He under-stood that oftentimes cooler heads pre-vail in bringing people together and that the efforts to bring the art of the political compromise ultimately served the people not only of our valley, but the people of our Nation. He will sorely be missed in terms of his contributions, and we wish him and his family Godspeed during this time of mourning. We thank him for his serv-ice to our country. 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF MARJAREE MASON ’S 
PASSING  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because this month marks the 40th an-niversary of the tragic death of Marjaree Mason, a woman whose life was filled with so much promise and purpose. In 1978, Marjaree was soon approach-ing graduation from Fresno State. She had a job she enjoyed, working for the National Economic Development Asso-ciation. She was committed to serving others and surrounded herself with the support of family and friends. That was until her life was cut short by a brutal death. At the age of 36, Marjaree was heinously kidnapped, abused, and murdered by her ex-boy-friend at his Fresno home. To celebrate her life and continued legacy, the folks in Fresno dedicated the Marjaree Mason Center, which was founded in 1979, to provide victims and survivors of domestic violence a safe and supportive environment. The cen-ter offers long-term safe housing, legal assistance, educational opportunities, crisis support, and counseling to vic-tims and their families. It is in con-stant need. The center offers long-term safe housing. For decades, I have been working hard to end these horrific crimes plagu-ing our community and the Nation. Over 10 years ago, Congressman T
ED P
OEand I founded the bipartisan Con-gressional Victims’ Rights Caucus in the House of Representatives to give a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.006 H15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9531 November 15, 2018 
voice to victims of domestic abuse and other crimes that sadly occur on a na-tional scale. The Violence Against Women Act, VAWA, a piece of legislation working to improve responses to domestic vio-lence, is one of the major initiatives the caucus works on to protect, reau-thorize, and expand the needs for this sad occurrence around our country. In my district, we have several orga-nizations, including the Central Cali-fornia Legal Services, Choice Women Empowerment, Centro La Familia, and Valley Crisis Center, in addition to the Marjaree Mason Center working non-stop to provide safety and support of domestic violence survivors. I would like to thank Marjaree Ma-son’s family for the continuous support and commitment to expanding the mis-sion of its center over the past 40 years. Former Sheriff Steve Magarian and so many others continue to con-tribute to this important work that this center does, for domestic violence is still sadly prevalent in every com-munity, affecting more than 10 million people each year in the United States. We must continue to fight to ensure that no one in our valley and in our Nation suffers the same fate that Marjaree Mason faced. We must con-tinue to work together to end domestic violence once and for all. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DAMON P. NELSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of my friend, Damon Nelson, who passed away only a few days ago. Damon was a gifted individual who dedicated his life to serving his coun-try. A short time after graduating from college, Damon enlisted into the United States Air Force as an in-flight refueling specialist. Damon distin-guished himself in the Persian Gulf War for which he was awarded an Air Medal and three Air Achievement Med-als. Yet Damon’s service to his country did not end when he left the Air Force. For the past 15 years, Damon has worked as a senior level congressional aide here in Congress, first in Congress-man N
UNES ’ office and most recently as staff director of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Mr. Speaker, we are all shaken and heartbroken by the news of Damon’s untimely passing. He was loved by all who knew him for his good humor, his cheerful optimism, and his friendly personality. You could always count on Damon to lend a hand or provide some much-needed guidance. At work he earned a reputation as a highly intelligent and enthusiastic doer capable of attacking any chal-lenge that came through the door. Damon Nelson will be remembered as a loving husband and a gifted individual who dedicated his life to public service and as a good friend. My prayers are with his wife, Dana; his family; his colleagues; and his many, many friends. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ). Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, it is with both sadness and pride that I rise to honor Damon Nelson. America lost a great patriot at too young of an age. Damon dedicated nearly his entire life to public service and always put service above self. He understood that freedom comes at a high price, and he dedicated his life to defending freedom for the next genera-tion. He believed that our country is worth sacrificing for and that freedom is worth fighting for. As Mr. H
OLDING  said, he served in the U.S. Air Force as an in-flight refueling specialist and was a veteran of the Persian Gulf War where he earned the Air Medal and three Air Achievement Medals. Damon began his service on Capitol Hill working for his home district, the 22nd District of California. I know Damon for his exemplary service as the staff director for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Damon helped guide our committee and indeed our country through a tu-multuous time with an unfailing com-mitment to seeking the truth and doing the right thing. His calm leadership approach is an example to all of us. At moments where it seems like things may be fall-ing apart, Damon was there with a joke and a laugh to hold the group together. He often used sarcasm with us when we needed it most, and he was a statesman when we needed it most. His kind and patient demeanor earned Damon the respect of everyone he knew. In a polit-ical climate that is often difficult, he kept sight on the fact that we are all Americans. Indeed, all of us who knew Damon will sorely miss his strategic mind, warm personality, and genuine concern for others. My heart is with Damon’s wife, Dana, and his family. I pray God’s healing grace will be with them during this difficult time. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness that we say goodbye to Damon Nelson, an Air Force veteran, a tireless public servant, and a friend to so many. I was fortunate enough to know Damon through my role on the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence where he protected some of the Na-tion’s most classified information and navigated complicated national secu-rity issues with absolute confiden-tiality and professionalism during a highly polarizing and rocky time. Damon provided a steady hand when our country needed it most. I want his wife, Dana, to know that her family is bigger than she may real-ize, and we all love her so very much. Ernest Hemingway said: ‘‘Every man’s life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from an-other.’’ Damon did much to distinguish him-self in this life, and he is finally home. We will miss him. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the great State of Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ), who is my colleague and friend. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to join my colleagues in celebrating the life of Damon Nelson. While I have only served on the Per-manent Select Committee on Intel-ligence for a short time, I grew to know, respect, and cherish Damon as a professional and as a friend. Our work on the committee is some of the most challenging and rewarding I have done since being elected to this body and is supported almost entirely by a loyal staff whose dedication to the American people is second to none. As staff director, Damon set the tone and direction of committee staff who work closely with us as members and others in the House. He always greeted us with a smile and positive attitude. His leadership ensured we were fully equipped and prepared for every caucus meeting, hearing, or legislative issue. His staff saw him as a leader who want-ed us to have the best, most accurate information and preparation for our work. They followed him with trust and appreciation for his approach to his work. As you have heard, he served in the Air Force and deployed to the Persian Gulf War where he earned numerous medals. Over the following years, he moved on to serve in the Capitol here. Over the next many years, Damon moved up and eventually took the helm of the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence at a tumultuous time for this Chamber and for our country. His poise, his character, his attitude, and his care for our country shined through in recent years as this committee worked on some extremely sensitive and public matters. Not once did Damon put his own interests above anyone else’s. He simply sought to serve his country through his role on this committee and in this body. Mr. Speaker, I wish him and his fam-ily the best. 
f 
NAFTA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, Ohio’s jobs and trade message to our Nation is as loud and clear as it always has been: trade must be about people, not just goods. The job and wage destruction due to the original NAFTA continues to re-verberate across our State and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.008 H15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9532 November 15, 2018 
heartland. It undermines the economic security of hundreds of thousands of workers within our State and millions more across our Nation. Following the original NAFTA’s implementation, town after town was emptied out of good jobs with good wages and benefits as jobs were outsourced south of our border. America has borne witness to NAFTA’s vast job outsourcing and wage drag. Millions have suffered first-hand as dire predictions actualized and the grandiose promises of job creation failed to materialize. Our Nation has lost thousands of jobs to penny-wage environments where workers cannot even afford to buy the goods they make. They toil in sweatshops and maquiladoras, exposed to unimaginable toxins and unsafe working conditions. The original NAFTA fueled massive peasant migration from Mexico’s coun-tryside to our Nation as thousands of subsidized farmers in Mexico had liveli-hoods extinguished. Mexico’s white corn industry disappeared. It was deci-mated. What a humanitarian tragedy is NAFTA. If anyone cares about people, not just goods, listen to my words: America must wake up to the impact our trade deals impose on people when negotiating with unequal economies. Just look to the devastation levied when multinational corporate interests dominate negotiations. Transnational banks and multinational corporations put a heavy thumb on the scales of eco-nomic justice for the poorest and for workers in our country as well as Third World economies. They exploit power-less people. Trade with our closest neighbors is never simply a zero-sum game. In the nearly three decades since NAFTA’s original passage, our Nation has not even had 1 year of balanced trade accounts with Mexico and Can-ada. It has always been in the red. b1045 Indeed, the NAFTA deal has managed to add over $1 trillion to America’s trade deficits—red ink—and millions and millions of outsourced U.S. jobs. Mr. Speaker, NAFTA renegotiation is too important an opportunity to hang on faulty assumptions. America fell for that back in 1993. We cannot let it hap-pen again. The devil is in the details. Incre-mental progress to uplift North Amer-ican workers devastated by the origi-nal agreement will not be enough. With the release of text, which re-mains unfinished and unresolved, comes the task to determine whether the job outsourcing bonanza that has taken hold since NAFTA’s passage in 1994 has truly been addressed. Let me ask: Have strong, enforceable labor stand-ards been included, subject to swift and certain enforcement? Will transnational corporate inter-ests retain the means to outsource American jobs to take advantage of rock-bottom wages in Mexico? Will we protect the rights of Ameri-cans to know what is in the imported food they are feeding their families, or will trade facilitation hold priority over food safety for people? Will Americans have access to afford-able prescription drugs, or will the new NAFTA further rig the system to delay access to more affordable, safe generic drugs and biosimilars? Let me ask people who visit Ohio to witness vivid evidence of a trade agree-ment that failed America’s workers and communities as plant after plant shuts down. Beyond just the NAFTA trade deficit, all our global trade defi-cits have ballooned under this adminis-tration’s erratic trade agenda. In this wake, a modern NAFTA agreement to correct these injustices is long overdue. I have eagerly antici-pated the release of specific text and a strategic agenda from this administra-tion on how President Trump plans to bring living wage jobs back to Amer-ica. Anything short of specifics that will clearly improve job prospects for Americans will fall short of the Presi-dent’s promises. Congress must not rush any deal of such magnitude by only letting the ex-ecutive branch negotiate. Democrats have called on this administration to work with Congress to reach necessary and substantive achievements bene-ficial for all Americans. No more fast track. No more. Any new North American trade agreement must raise wages. It must create jobs in America and create a level playing field across the board. Mr. Speaker, after a quarter century of job hemorrhaging and the upending of American workers and livelihoods, NAFTA must result in rising standards of living and new jobs that create real wages and benefits here in our country. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DAMON P. NELSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise also this morning to honor the life and legacy of my friend, Damon Nelson. A lot of wonderful, lofty things have been said about him this morning in this Chamber. Every single one of those was true. I certainly identify with each and every one of those re-marks. I will not repeat those but will walk a different path. I did not realize the extent to which Damon impacted staffing across the Hill. Once he passed, I began to get in-formation about folks whose lives had been touched and whose careers here in Washington had been started as a re-sult of being hired and mentored by Damon over the years. There are peo-ple on my personal staff whom I did not realize had a direct connection to Damon because he had started their ca-reers here in Congress and on the Hill through his mentorship and help. I got to know Damon extremely well as a result of working on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence and his role as staff director, particularly when I took over running the Russia investigation. Damon was my direct contact with the staff. He did a masterful job at trying to expedi-tiously conduct that investigation, making sure that we dotted the i’s and crossed the t’s, making some really dif-ficult decisions as we walked that path. In addition to that, Damon handled the rest of the business of the Intel-ligence Committee, that important business that continues to go on in ad-dition to the Russian investigation, doing a masterful job of shepherding all of that responsibility. He did it with class. He did it with a calmness and a self-assuredness that made it work. Damon’s humor and, yes, sarcasm, which has been mentioned often today, was a signature of his, but he used it well and in an appropriate manner. It was never in a hurtful or harmful man-ner, but to keep up the atmosphere. Mr. Speaker, Damon’s memory will live on in all our lives. Those of us who knew him will not forget him. He was that kind of an individual. Obviously, my heart and prayers go out to his wife, Dana, and his family. He adored, loved, and worshipped his wife. She is in a hurting place today, as is his family. All of us who knew him as a friend will miss him. Mr. Speaker, I miss my friend. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ). Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I also rise to honor my good friend, Damon. He was a dear friend, trusted colleague, loving husband, and a warrior who loved and served his country. We will miss him. Very briefly, I would like to make the observation that the staffs that we work with here on the Hill are some of the finest men and women in the coun-try, and the staff that we work with on the Intelligence Committee is the fin-est of them all. Damon was their lead-er. He was looked to for his leadership, for his compassion, for his humanity, and for his example of what it meant to be a warrior. I also have to mention his family, as we honor them as well. Some of you know that I wear my father’s Air Force wings. My brothers have served in the Air Force. I served in the Air Force. So did Damon’s family. Yesterday, I had the honor of meet-ing his father and mother, both retired Air Force who have served valiantly and served proudly, also his brother. I have to mention his wife, an Air Force colonel, who is a leader, a rock. Having met her, I can tell you that I would follow her into battle. She is a great example of the finest young men and women that our Nation has to offer. This family has proven that they love their country by serving their country. We honor them in this small way today in the words that we say. Damon, God bless you. To Damon’s family, God bless you. Thank you for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.010 H15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9533 November 15, 2018 
generations of service to your country and for being an example to all of us. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, we had an opportunity yesterday to share with Dana, his wife, his mom and step-dad and hear the staff talk about Damon. It was clear that Damon had created a family, that they loved him, that they respected him as a professional, and that his leadership was evident across this entire exchange. It was heart-warming to hear those stories about Damon and the way he led the staff of the committee. We will miss him. I ask our Nation to continue to pray for his wife and fam-ily as they walk this dark path, know-ing that he made this world a better place to live and that he helped might-ily across a long period of time to help protect us from some really bad folks. We love you, Damon Nelson, and we will miss you. 
f 
AMERICAN EDUCATION WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, this is American Education Week, and I rise to honor and thank the teachers and school administrators who have dedi-cated their lives to ensure our future generations are stronger than ever. There are over 50 million kids in our public schools today. Back in 2015, be-fore the Every Student Succeeds Act was signed into law, the Federal ap-proach to education relied heavily on standardized testing to measure aca-demic achievement. While I understand the importance of testing to measure academic growth from year to year, there should be a number of indicators for evaluating academic success and improvement for both schools and stu-dents. After that bill passed in 2015, the goal shifted from teaching children more ef-ficiently to inspiring lifelong learning in students. I applaud educators for embracing this goal, and I am hopeful that this approach will better prepare millions of students for the challenges that await them in life and in the workforce. While on the subject of Federal edu-cation, we cannot avoid the debate over the amount of taxpayer money we send to schools throughout the coun-try. There is and always will be bipar-tisan agreement that we should make sure schools have the resources they need in order to be successful. But in the coming appropriations cycle, and in future ones, we must also remember that additional spending does not nec-essarily improve student performance. This has been proven time and time again, Mr. Speaker. One data point I would refer folks to is high school graduation rates, which have remained stagnant since the 1970s. What we have seen is very unfortunate: the system continues to grind forward, with costs going up each year and our efficiency going in the opposite direc-tion. I will continue to fight for education reforms aimed at improving resource allocation and boosting student per-formance. Recognizing the shortfalls within our K–12 education may not be a popular talking point, but I think it is worth emphasizing the need to act re-sponsibly and address the problems students, parents, and educators face. Mr. Speaker, I would like to close by saying two things. The first is a simple thank you to the teachers, including those teachers in my own family, who have dedicated their life to serving stu-dents. Your hard work does not go un-noticed. The second thing is that I will work hard to improve our education system for students in my district and around the country. f 
CITY OF DAVID The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, last month, I was privileged to stand in the city of David, the site of ancient Jerusalem. Just a few feet from the Western Wall, the city of David is the place where Jerusalem began. It is a place I have regularly visited over the past few years, joined by my fellow Members of Congress, Republicans and Democrats alike. I can think of no better place than the city of David to express that the United States knows what the Jewish people have known for 3,000 years: Je-rusalem is the historic capital of Israel. This reality was reinforced when the United States correctly relocated our Embassy to Jerusalem earlier this year. I call upon more countries to do the same. The historic bond is evidenced by the incredible discoveries that are being unearthed in the archeological exca-vations throughout the city of David. These excavations affirm the mil-lennia-old connection of the Jewish people to Jerusalem not as a matter of faith, but as a matter of historical fact, despite UNESCO’s ongoing, shameful efforts to declare otherwise. Among the most significant discov-eries presently being unearthed in the city of David is the ancient pilgrimage road. Built over 2,000 years ago, the pil-grimage road, running from the Pool of Siloam at the southern tip of the city of David to the footsteps of the West-ern Wall and Temple Mount, served as the main thoroughfare of the Second Temple Jerusalem. Millions of people joined together to ascend to the temple during the festivals of Passover, Pente-cost, and Tabernacles. Both the pilgrimage road and the Pool of Siloam have deep significance to Jews and Christians alike. It holds profound meaning to countless mil-lions of Americans. Antiquities discov-ered along the pilgrimage road tell the story of both the vibrant culture of the Second Temple period Jerusalem and the devastating destruction of Jeru-salem at the hands of the Romans, which ended tragically in the year 70 C.E. In the future, visitors of all faiths and backgrounds will be able to walk this route of their ancestors, upon the very flagstones as their ancestors 2,000 years ago. In the Givati parking lot excavation, another excavation in the city of David, 10 layers of ancient Jerusalem civilization dating back some 2,700 years have been uncovered. The layers include Jewish, Greek, Roman, Byzan-tine, Persian, Muslim, Crusader, and Ottoman. So each visitor to the city of David can truly say: ‘‘I also have a con-nection to Jerusalem.’’ In this very excavation, as you can see in this poster, in a structure dating back 2,500 years to the Biblical First Temple period in Jerusalem, a seal with ancient Hebrew writing was found. I have a replica of that seal in my office, which was presented to me in a meeting I had with Ze’ev Orenstein, a representative from the city of David, together with my col-league, Congressman E
LIOT ENGEL . On the seal was the name Eliana, daughter of Ga’el. I can’t even begin to describe my emotions when I learned that a seal with almost my very own name was found in the city of David. I, like countless Americans, feel a deep, personal connection to Jeru-salem, her history, her heritage, and her holiness. b1100 In fact, it is only over the last 51 years of Israel’s sovereignty in Jeru-salem that people of all faiths and all backgrounds have enjoyed freedom of access and worship at their holy sites, whether they are Christians, whether they are Jewish, whether they are Mus-lims. Such freedoms cannot be taken for granted in the Middle East where, with the very exception of Israel, the only democracy in the region, they are not easy to find. During the nearly 3 decades that I have had the honor of serving this won-derful institution, support for Jeru-salem as the capital of the Jewish State of Israel has been bipartisan, and I call on my colleagues from both sides of the aisle in the coming Congress to ensure that that never changes, to en-sure that the historic bond between the Jewish people and Jerusalem remains undeniable. Together with millions of Americans, I salute the work of the City of David Foundation and especially my friend Ze’ev, who did not even want me to mention him—tough—in uncovering our shared history in Jerusalem, mak-ing it accessible to all of us who want to experience these discoveries for themselves. So congratulations to Ze’ev—I have said it again—for the discoveries at the City of David. Many more to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.012 H15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9534 November 15, 2018 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF PETTY OFFICER JAMES EL-LIOTT WILLIAMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and it is such an honor to recog-nize the official renaming of the United States Post Office located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Caro-lina, as the J. Elliott Williams Post Of-fice Building. James Elliott Williams was born in Fort Mill, South Carolina, and lived an extraordinary life. Mr. W
ILLIAMS was in the United States Navy for 20 years and served in and during the Cold War, the Korean war, the Cuban Missile Crisis, and the Vietnam war. One example of his heroic actions oc-curred during the Vietnam war where he and his men fought off enemy com-batants behind enemy lines for 3 hours in south Vietnam. Under Petty Officer Williams’ leadership, the American Naval force killed roughly 1,000 Viet-cong guerillas, destroyed over 60 ves-sels, and disrupted a major enemy lo-gistics operation. James E. Williams retired on April 26, 1967, as the most highly decorated enlisted sailor in the history of the United States Navy. He was the recipi-ent of multiple awards during his serv-ice in the Navy; including, the Navy Cross, the Silver Star, the Bronze Star Medal, the Purple Heart, the Korean Service Medal, and the United Nations Service Medal. Additionally, during his last 7 months in the Navy, he received every sea service award for heroism. On May 14, 1968, President Lyndon B. Johnson, in the name of Congress, pre-sented James Elliott Williams the Medal of Honor. In the 20th century, three sailors of American Indian herit-age received the medal. Petty Officer Williams was one of the three. Mr. Speaker, it was my great privi-lege to put forward this legislation with the entire South Carolina delega-tion and have it signed into law to honor the life, service, and sacrifice of James Elliott Williams. 
f 
HURRICANE MICHAEL AFTERMATH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) for 5 minutes. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, just over a month ago, Hurricane Michael, the third most powerful hurricane to ever make landfall on the United States mainland, ravaged areas of Alabama, Florida, and Georgia. Hundreds of Americans lost everything, and more than 30 people were killed. Hurricane Michael appears to have done its worst in Panama City, Flor-ida, and nearby areas, but Alabama’s Second District was also badly im-pacted in several counties in the Wiregrass Region. In fact, Hurricane Michael is the most powerful storm to ever hit Houston County, according to recorded history. In my district, the agricultural com-munity faces the most significant dev-astation. While the full scale of the damage to local agriculture is still being assessed, Hurricane Michael dealt a terrible blow to our cotton, timber, and peanut farmers. In the aftermath of the storm, I trav-eled to the Wiregrass several times to be with our farmers and to see first-hand what they were experiencing. The devastation is heartbreaking, to say the least. The farmers in southeast Alabama are in the midst of a very real crisis. In Alabama’s Second District, agri-culture is the backbone of our econ-omy. Throughout my time in Congress, I have made it a priority to fight for our farmers of all commodities. Their work to provide the food and fiber we depend on is vitally important. I will continue to advocate for them, espe-cially during this time of uncertainty, as we work to put the pieces back to-gether for these hardworking men and women who have suffered tremendous loss to their livelihoods. Mr. Speaker, I want the people I rep-resent to know that my office stands ready to help during this challenging time. I will work with my colleagues here in Congress to provide the proper resources and assistance to our farm-ers. We must get this right, and we must ensure Alabama’s farmers are in-cluded in all recovery efforts. I encourage anyone in Alabama’s Second District who needs assistance in the aftermath of Hurricane Michael to contact one of my offices today. My staff and I work for you, and we are committed to ensuring that the folks impacted know the options available to them. As we work through this season of re-building, I have been encouraged to see and hear about so many acts of kind-ness and charity in our district and throughout the Southeast. This time of recovery will not be easy, but if we continue to help each other in what-ever ways we are able, we will get through this together. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, as I near the end of my 30 years in the Congress, it is only nat-ural to reminisce just a bit. During my first term in the House, a roving photographer for Roll Call stopped me to ask a sort of humorous question. He asked: If there was a stat-ue of you in the Capitol, where would it be and what would it say? I said: It would probably be in the basement, and it would say: Lucky to be here. I have always felt very lucky to have this job, and everyone on both sides of the aisle have been very kind to me. But I want to pay tribute this morning to the three people most responsible for me being here. A friend of mine in Knoxville told me a few years ago that I won the lottery with parents. I had never thought of it in that way, but it is true. My grand-parents in Scott County, Tennessee, were wonderful people, but they had no money, 10 kids, an outhouse, subsist-ence farm—pure Appalachia. My dad hitchhiked into Knoxville with $5 in his pocket to go to the Uni-versity of Tennessee and worked his way through. Twenty years after com-ing to Knoxville, he was elected mayor and led the peaceful integration of our city. He got about 95 percent of the Af-rican American vote in three non-partisan races for mayor. He then preceded me in Congress, serving 231⁄2years and becoming the ranking Republican on the Ways and Means Committee. A former Demo-cratic congressman from Pennsylvania told me one time: Your dad was the only man I knew who never had an enemy in this town. I once described my father as the kindest, sweetest, toughest, hardest working man I ever knew, and I meant tough in a good way. I got a really nice handwritten letter from Peyton Man-ning about that article. He said he had flown out of Knoxville the day it was in the paper and that he could tell from that article that I had the same kind of relationship with my dad that he has with his. My mother was 2 years older than my father and, after college in Iowa, came to Knoxville to visit an older sister who had married an engineering grad-uate from the University of Iowa and who had gotten a job at TVA. Her sis-ter talked her into staying, and she met my dad at a YWCA dance. Dad told one of his brothers that night that he had met the woman he was going to marry, and 3 months later, in Iowa City, Iowa, they were married, in May of 1942. The odds against a farm boy from Tennessee meeting and marrying a girl from Iowa City must have been billions to one, but theirs was truly a marriage made in heaven. No one ever loved me as much as my mother did, and several times I have told women from the Midwest that I have a very high opinion of women from that part of the country because I thought my mother was the sweetest woman in the world. My wife, Lynn, was a waitress in Knoxville’s finest restaurant when I met her. She later said she married me even though I gave her the lowest tips of any of her regular customers. Lynn has been my strongest sup-porter and biggest critic, my number one adviser. I honestly believe, if she had been elected to Congress instead of me, she would have gone much further than I have. She is certainly the speak-er of our house and the love of my life for more than 40 years. During my 30 years in Congress, I was in Washington a lot and gone a lot, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.014 H15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9535 November 15, 2018 
even when I was home. She had to raise four children, and all four have made us both very proud. During much of that time, she worked at full-time jobs, worked in all of my campaigns, and took care of most things at home. It certainly was not easy. Once President Trump, when he was running, told her: Your husband sounds just like me. Lynn told him: Yes, I know—great for the country but hell to live with. I could not have had a better wife and certainly could not have stayed in Congress for 30 years if she had not done all she has done for me and our children. She gave me four children and nine grandchildren, all now living in Knox-ville. What a blessing. Our daughter, Tara, has been for several years the head of the Knox County probation of-fice. She has two children. Whitney has three daughters and is a leader in all the activities of the Christian Academy of Knoxville. Our son, John, was elected as trustee for Knox County, receiving the highest vote total of anyone on the ballot that year, including me. He did a great job, serving 3 years, and then took over running my campaigns in 2014 and 2016 and representing me all over the dis-trict. He also is a successful realtor. Our son, Zane, worked for several years as a railroad executive and now serves on the Tennessee Parole Board. The boys both have two children, and the nine grandchildren range in age from 3 to 15. I told my youngest granddaughter, Emma, who is 7 years old, at my younger son’s wedding party: One of the happiest days of my life will be when I get to come to your wedding. She looked at me like I had said some-thing really silly. She said: Oh, Papa, you couldn’t do that. You would be dead. But I am not dead yet, and I am going home mainly to spend more time with those nine grandchildren. Lou Gehrig, the great baseball play-er, once said he was the luckiest man in the world, even though he knew he was dying with ALS. I am much luckier and very, very thankful. 
f 
HONORING DR. HERB LONDON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, our Na-tion lost an intellectual giant and vi-sionary leader this past Saturday, No-vember 10, 2018. Dr. Herbert London was a legendary conservative author, scholar, commen-tator, and defender of freedom. He was a scholar’s scholar and a gentleman’s gentleman. A New Yorker of great stature, Herb grew up playing basketball and led his high school team to a city champion-ship. After completing his studies at Columbia University, Herb’s hoop-play-ing skills caught the eye of the Syra-cuse Nationals; however, an injury blocked his athletic career. Herb went on to earn a Ph.D. from New York University and later served as the dean of NYU’s Gallatin division. From running for political office to leading the Hudson Institute to found-ing the London Center for Policy Re-search, Dr. London was the definition of a renaissance man and a true pa-triot, committed to bringing about a stronger, more principled Nation. A 6’5’’ tower of humility, integrity, and vision, Herb will be sorely missed, and his legacy will forever be enshrined in the hearts and minds of many. My prayers are with the London fam-ily as they heal from this tremendous loss. May he rest in peace. f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE 115TH COMBAT SUPPORT HOSPITAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th anniver-sary of the 115th Combat Support Hos-pital headquartered in Fort Polk, Lou-isiana. The 115th Combat Support Hospital was established in 1918 and is recog-nized as having the highest combat in-jury survival rate in the world. The unit has been deployed in World War I, World War II, Desert Storm, and the Iraq war. In World War II, the 115th Combat Support Hospital received the Meri-torious Unit Commendation for its work while on the front lines across Europe. The 115th Combat Support Hospital has become the standard for all med-ical units and a central asset for Fort Polk, the Joint Readiness Training Center, and the United States Army. I had the incredible opportunity to witness the work that the hospital does when the unit set up at Camp Beau-regard in Pineville, Louisiana, to cele-brate their centennial anniversary. These soldiers enter the field, build a facility, and become a fully func-tioning hospital in a matter of hours. The unit and its facilities, which in-clude an emergency room, operating room, pharmacy, and lab, are all trained to set up in 12 to 18 hours. The 115th Combat Support Hospital also contains subordinate units that provide optical care, veterinary serv-ices, preventive medicine, and a ground ambulance company. b1115 The work they do saves lives and al-lows troops to return home and back to their families. I am thankful for the honorable men and women that com-prise the 115th Combat Support Hos-pital, as they reflect the absolute best of the United States Army. The 115th Combat Support Hospital is truly a great asset to our military. Today, I join our country and all mem-bers, both past and present, of the 115th Combat Support Hospital in cele-brating 100 years of lifesaving work. I look forward to continuing to witness their successes and achievements at Fort Polk for many years to come. f 
CELEBRATING NATIONAL RURAL HEALTH DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this week is Rural Health Week in the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania, and today is National Rural Health Day. It is a time to promote awareness of the full range of issues that impact ap-proximately 60 million rural Ameri-cans. Pennsylvania ranks as one of the States with the highest number of rural residents, with 23 percent of Pennsylvanians residing in rural areas. Rural communities face unique healthcare concerns, such as a lack of providers; accessibility issues, particu-larly in terms of transportation and technology; affordability issues as a re-sult of larger percentages of uninsured and underinsured citizens; and greater out-of-pocket health costs. Mr. Speaker, before I was elected to the House of Representatives, I spent nearly 30 years in the nonprofit healthcare field assisting those facing life-changing diseases and disabilities. I am acutely aware of the challenges many face when it comes to obtaining reasonably priced healthcare. It is es-pecially critical for rural America, like much of my congressional district. We are facing a healthcare crisis in our Nation’s rural areas. These often disadvantaged populations are still struggling to access affordable quality care. Many remain uninsured; most are underinsured. However, access to qual-ity care remains the largest challenge. Even when people gain access to health insurance, it does not equal ac-cess to care. Rural hospitals across the country are closing, leaving patients without access to their emergency rooms and their long-term care facili-ties. Mr. Speaker, 90 rural hospitals have closed since 2010, and nearly 700 are at risk. One in three rural hospitals is fi-nancially vulnerable. At the current closure rate, more than 25 percent of rural hospitals will close in less than a decade. Continued cuts in hospital payments have taken their toll, forcing hospitals to operate in the red until they finally make the painful decision to stop pro-viding care. Between 2017 and 2018, the number of rural hospitals operating at a loss rose from 40 to 44 percent. In addition to hospital closures, a workforce shortage plagues rural America. Mr. Speaker, 77 percent of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.015 H15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9536 November 15, 2018 
more than 2,000 rural communities in the United States are designated as having a shortage of healthcare profes-sionals. Recruitment and retention of experienced professionals, including primary care physicians, is an ongoing challenge. That is why I am a proud sponsor of H.R. 5641, the State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Bill of 2018. This legislation benefits States by in-creasing annual funding and reauthor-izing vital programs for rural Ameri-cans for the first time since the 1990s. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor this piece of legislation today. Another issue that has ravaged our rural communities is the opioid epi-demic. It continues to leave even more rural Americans in need of crucial health services. Adolescents and young adults living in rural areas are more vulnerable to opioid abuse than their urban counter-parts. The prevalence of fatal drug overdoses has skyrocketed in rural areas. High unemployment and a great-er rate of the types of injuries that re-sult in prescriptions for opioid medica-tions have contributed to this. There are ways to increase treatment options. As a part of the VA MISSION Act, which was signed into law in June, I included a provision that expands healthcare access for our veterans through telemedicine. We now allow VA-credentialed healthcare providers to practice telemedicine across State lines. Mr. Speaker, our veterans should re-ceive the best care possible no matter where they are located and where they live. With advances in technology, we see new opportunities for veterans to obtain coverage through telemedicine, especially in some of our most rural areas. For those in rural regions, the need is great and services are scarce. Let us all recognize and celebrate the power of our vibrant rural communities in the face of these grave challenges. As we celebrate National Rural Health Day today, it is my hope that we continue to strive for a 21st century healthcare system that works for ev-eryone in America. Thanks to tech-nology, we have the opportunity to ex-pand services, regardless of where one resides, and all Americans deserve no less. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 20 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsyl-vania) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of the people’s House with focus and purpose as they gather these few days before Thanks-giving. May their efforts give true cause for Americans to gather to give thanks. In our world, there are many places where peace is lacking and cause for thanksgiving rare. Send Your spirit of peace upon our world. Help us all see in those we view as enemies our brothers and sisters. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
55TH ANNIVERSARY OF DADE COUNTY POLICE BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate the Dade County Police Benevolent Association on the celebration of its 55th anniver-sary. Since its founding in 1963, the Dade County PBA has worked to protect the rights of Miami-Dade’s finest, working tirelessly to serve as a voice of reason, of guidance, and of professionalism. From providing legal assistance to members in times of need, to assisting members and their families who may be struggling with PTSD, this organi-zation is committed to serving those who protect and serve us. I represent some of the finest police officers that our Nation has to offer, and the Dade County Police Benevolent Association will always have their back. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Dade Coun-ty Police Benevolent Association for its extraordinary work in our commu-nity, and I wish this organization the utmost congratulations on this ex-traordinary milestone. Here is to the next 55 years, PBA. f 
MILITARY APPRECIATION WEEK (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, Penn State University re-cently hosted its Military Appreciation Week, and this year’s theme honored 100 years of women who answered the call to duty. Women have played a role in every major war in United States history, and their contributions have continu-ously evolved over time; and today, women now serve in nearly every com-bat role in the United States Armed Forces around the world. During World War I, nearly 30,000 women enlisted as nurses, clerks, and telephone operators. Dating as far back as the American Revolutionary War, women volunteered as nurses, spies, cooks, ammunition carriers, water bearers, and more. To kick things off, the Nittany Lions football team defeated Iowa on Satur-day, October 27, for the Military Appre-ciation Game. Over the course of 2 weeks, Penn State continued to host several numer-ous events and festivities to recognize servicemembers, veterans, and mili-tary families. The celebrations contin-ued through Monday, when we observed Veterans Day. Mr. Speaker, these annual military appreciation events give all Penn Staters and community members a chance to honor those who bravely served our country, and we are grateful for all of our American heroes. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ELDON ‘‘TWIRP’’ WILLIAMS (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of Eldon ‘‘Twirp’’ Wil-liams, whose life was tragically ended last month at the age of 87. Endearingly known as ‘‘Twirp’’ by those throughout the Riverbend com-munity, he had been involved in local government for more than 60 years. In 1957, Twirp was appointed as God-frey Township assessor, a position he held until 1997. In 1999, he was elected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.017 H15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9537 November 15, 2018 
as a trustee to the Godfrey Village Board, where he served until his un-timely death. In addition to his decades of service to Madison County, Twirp was also an Air Force Veteran. Outside of his public service, Twirp worked as a Realtor for more than 50 years and was even out on a real estate call at the time of his passing. Twirp leaves a long-lasting legacy of service that will never be replaced. He is survived by his wife, 6 daughters, 11 grandchildren, and 14 great-grand-children. Please join me in keeping the Wil-liams family and the Godfrey commu-nity in your thoughts and prayers. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOHN ECK, SR. (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John Eck, Sr., of Springfield, Illinois, on being named the 2018 First Citizen by the State Journal-Register newspaper. Each year, the State Journal-Reg-ister recognizes a community leader as the First Citizen who is committed to helping our Springfield community prosper, and they chose a phenomenal leader for 2018. Upon retirement 13 years ago, Mr. Eck’s commitment to philanthropic endeavors has surged throughout Springfield and central Illinois. Most notably, Mr. Eck was instrumental in helping to raise money to save the fi-nancially struggling St. Patrick Catho-lic School, which was set to close on its 100th anniversary. In addition, John has served on nu-merous local boards, including the St. John’s Hospital Foundation, the Boys and Girls Clubs of Central Illinois, the United Way, and the American Busi-ness Club. Throughout John’s career, he has never been afraid to step up and do what is right to support the greater Springfield community, and it doesn’t appear he plans on stopping now. Mr. Speaker, I thank John for his re-lentless commitment to helping others, and I congratulate him on a well-de-served award. 
f 
DEFENDING RELIGIOUS FREEDOM (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the administration of Presi-dent Donald Trump should be appre-ciated for promoting religious freedom. This summer, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo hosted the first ever international ministerial on religious freedom. Representatives from 88 coun-tries attended to review the harsh re-alities confronting religious minorities around the globe. The clearest message of all through-out the ministerial is that the United States unequivocally stands for reli-gious liberty. I am grateful that Ambassador Nikki Haley emphatically addressed the U.N. Security Council about the human rights crisis against the ethnic and re-ligious minority Rohingya of Burma, as well as the minority Christians in Burma. After President Barack Obama lifted sanctions on Burma, the Bur-mese military has been targeting reli-gious minorities, resulting in the cre-ation of the world’s largest ever ref-ugee camp of 1.1 million people in Ban-gladesh. Secretary Pompeo and Ambassador Haley deserve thanks for shining a light on this tremendous evil in Burma. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
ALMER ) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 15, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 15, 2018, at 9:32 a.m.: Appointments: National Commission on Military Aviation Safety. National Security Commission on Artifi-cial Intelligence. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, November 16, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6816. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — General Regulations for Federal Fruit, Vege-table, and Specialty Crop Marketing Agree-ments and Orders; Electronic Mailing Notice of Hearing [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-18-0066; SC18- 900-2 FR] received October 31, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6817. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Hazelnuts Grown in Oregon and Washington; Order Amending Marketing Order No. 982 [Doc. No.: AO-SC-16-0136; AMS-SC-16-0074; SC16-982-1] received October 31, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6818. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oranges and Grapefruit Grown in Lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas; Changing of Con-tainer Requirements [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-17- 0049; SC17-906-2 FR] received October 31, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 6819. A letter from the Administrator, Livestock and Poultry Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Soybean Promotion and Research: Amend the Order To Adjust Rep-resentation on the United Soybean Board [Doc. No.: AMS-LPS-18-0015] received Octo-ber 31, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6820. A letter from the Administrator, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Specialty Crops In-spection Division, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s di-rect final rule — United States Standards for Grades of Pecans [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-14-0101, SC-17-331] received October 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6821. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — North Dakota: Authoriza-tion of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Revisions and Incorporation by Reference of Approved State Hazardous Waste Management Program [EPA-R08- RCRA-2018-0084; FRL-9982-08-Region 8] re-ceived October 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6822. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Sig-nificant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2017-0464; FRL- 9985-55] (RIN: 2070-AB27) received October 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6823. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Sig-nificant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2017-0560; FRL- 9985-56] (RIN: 2070-AB27) received October 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6824. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Piping Systems and Compo-nents — Inspections, Tests, Analyses, and Acceptance Criteria [NUREG-0800, Chapter 14.3.3] received October 31, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6825. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Passport Office of Legal Affairs, Bureau of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.019 H15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9538 November 15, 2018 
Consular Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Passports: Service Passports [Public Notice: 9680] (RIN: 1400-AE01) received No-vember 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 6826. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Embraer S.A. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0509; Product Identifier 2017-NM- 076-AD; Amendment 39-19429; AD 2018-19-28] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6827. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0870; Prod-uct Identifier 2018-CE-047-AD; Amendment 39-19438; AD 2018-20-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6828. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2018-0452; Product Identifier 2017-NM-150-AD; Amendment 39-19439; AD 2018-20-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6829. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2018-0504; Product Identifier 2018-NM-046-AD; Amendment 39-19433; AD 2018-19-32] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6830. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0127; Product Identifier 2016-NM-161-AD; Amendment 39-19447; AD 2018-20-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6831. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0410; Product Identifier 2018-NM- 030-AD; Amendment 39-19444; AD 2018-20-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6832. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0127; Product Identifier 2016-NM-161-AD; Amendment 39-19447; AD 2018-20-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6833. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0358; Product Identifier 2017-NM- 142-AD; Amendment 39-19463; AD 2018-21-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6834. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0498; Product Identifier 2018-NM- 013-AD; Amendment 39-19465; AD 2018-21-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6835. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0546; Product Identifier 2017- NM-171-AD; Amendment 39-19461; AD 2018-21- 03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6836. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Honeywell International Inc. Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1116; Product Identifier 2016-NE-32-AD; Amendment 39- 19459; AD 2018-21-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6837. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0814; Product Identifier 2017-NM-066-AD; Amendment 39-19458; AD 2018-20-24] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6838. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0583; Product Identifier 2018-NM- 019-AD; Amendment 39-19453; AD 2018-20-19] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6839. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; ATR-GIE Avions de Transport Re´gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018- 0366; Product Identifier 2017-NM-166-AD; Amendment 39-19448; AD 2018-20-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6840. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; ATR-GIE Avions de Transport Re´gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018- 0494; Product Identifier 2017-NM-182-AD; Amendment 39-19467; AD 2018-21-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6841. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0587; Product Identifier 2018- NM-054-AD; Amendment 39-19451; AD 2018-20- 17] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6842. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0449; Product Identifier 2018- NM-042-AD; Amendment 39-19452; AD 2018-20- 18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6843. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0397; Product Identifier 2017- NM-163-AD; Amendment 39-19454; AD 2018-20- 20] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6844. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0550; Product Identifier 2018- NM-024-AD; Amendment 39-19455; AD 2018-20- 21] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6845. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0771; Product Identifier 2016-NM-212-AD; Amendment 39-19449; AD 2018-20-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. ADAMS (for herself and Mr. F
ASO): H.R. 7136. A bill to amend section 28 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to include eating disorders prevention within the nutri-tion education and obesity prevention grant program and the local wellness program; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15NO7.000 H15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9539 November 15, 2018 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ASS, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. E VANS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 7137. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Reverend James Morris Lawson Jr., in recognition of his contribu-tions to the United States through the pro-motion of nonviolence during the Civil Rights movement and beyond; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self and Mr. S
MITH of Washington): H.R. 7138. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish an inter-agency task force on the use of Federal lands for medical treatment and therapy through out-door recreation for veterans; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self, Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. M
ESSER ): H. Res. 1148. A resolution expressing sup-port for the goals and ideas of ‘‘Stomach Cancer Awareness Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 7136. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. KHANNA: H.R. 7137. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 7138. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 893: Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 1225: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1270: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. M
AST. H.R. 2315: Mr. N
EAL, Mr. B ROOKS of Ala- bama, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. C OMER , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 2358: Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. C
OMER , Mr. T URNER , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. WENSTRUP , Mrs. R OBY, Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS , Mr. R USH, Mr. N ORMAN , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. B ARR, Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. B RAT, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. M ITCHELL , Ms. T ENNEY , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 3558: Mr. D
ELANEY and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 4732: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 4734: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. M
ENG, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B
EYER , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. S OTO, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. M OULTON , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 5062: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 5306: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 5476: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 6629: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 6664: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 6689: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 6734: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 6813: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 7095: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 7124: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 7127: Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Con. Res. 138: Mr. P
RICE of North Caro-lina, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. S IRES, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. G OMEZ . H. Res. 318: Mr. C
ALVERT . H. Res. 588: Mr. D
ELANEY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15NO7.100 H15NOPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6969 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2018 No. 181 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable C
INDY H
YDE-SMITH, a Senator from the State of Mississippi. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, You are our help in ages past and our hope for years to come. We find consolation from the knowl-edge that our times are in Your hands. Forgive us when we doubt Your power, mercy, and love. Bless our lawmakers. Help them to remember that You love them so much that You want what is best for them. You are so wise that You know what is best for them and so powerful that You can bring about what is for their ulti-mate good. Give each of our Senators a fresh burst of enthusiasm for the next stage in the unfolding scene of the American Dream. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, November 15, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable CINDY HYDE-SMITH, a Senator from the State of Mississippi, to per-form the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. HYDE-SMITH thereupon as-sumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
DEMOCRACY IN AMERICA Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, the President of the United States swears an oath to protect and defend the Constitution, including bedrock principles like the rule of law and the sanctity of our elections. But nearly every day, President Trump ignores this fundamental responsibility and tramples on the values that have made our country the light of the world. No President has come close to defaming and trying to destroy the democratic values of this country. No President has come close—none. This morning, for what seemed like the millionth time, the President an-grily, wildly, and baselessly ranted about the special counsel’s investiga-tion. It doesn’t matter to him that his claims have no basis. It doesn’t matter to him that his words may degrade faith in our independent law enforce-ment agencies and the rule of law. He proceeds only according to self-inter-est. He is offended that someone might look into the fact that he did some-thing wrong—this happens with every President—and he lashes out in ways that hurt our democracy permanently. Just look at how over the past few weeks President Trump has tried to in-timidate and bully election officials in Florida and Arizona with fantastical claims of voter fraud. It doesn’t matter to him that there is no evidence to the charges. It doesn’t matter to him that in both States—Arizona and Florida— Republican officials have said there is no fraud, debunking the President’s claims. It doesn’t matter to him that his claims erode faith in the integrity of our elections among a segment of his supporters. If the President thinks it will help him personally, he will say it. One of the most recent examples of this just happened yesterday. The President keeps getting more and more absurd. He makes things up. He most recently claimed in an interview with the Daily Caller that ‘‘illegal’’ voters ‘‘go to their car, put on a different hat, put on a different shirt, and vote again.’’ Name one. Name a few. When did it happen and when? Or did you just read this on some rightwing, nasty, dis-honest blog and just repeat it? Donald Trump, you are the President of the United States. Because you read some-thing in a blog that has no basis in fact, you don’t have the right to repeat it, if you are President and behaving Presidentially, and yet he does it over and over. It is the height of irrespon-sibility. Since his first day in office, Presi-dent Trump has made these ridiculous claims about voter fraud that even his sham voting commission, led by Kris Kobach, couldn’t prove. The real dis-grace is how low the President and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.000 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6970 November 15, 2018 
some Republicans will stoop to prevent American citizens from exercising their right to vote and how far they will go to undermine faith in our de-mocracy, even to the point of disenfranchising military voters—peo-ple who may be overseas defending our freedom, risking their lives, who want to vote—and if their ballots don’t come in at exactly the right moment, they shouldn’t be counted—disgraceful. The tendency is to treat the Presi-dent’s words as an extension of our modern, partisan politics. Well, we have too much partisan politics, but the truth is that the President’s bla-tant disregard for basic norms, con-stitutional constraints, and truth is unique to him. No President has come close to going as far to destroy demo-cratic norms. He is doing severe and possibly irreparable damage to our de-mocracy all to suit his goal and often, it seems, just his ego. Democrats condemn this behavior, but where are our Republican friends? They should know better. They do know better. I hear the private chatter. The silence of the Republican majority as the President takes an ax to demo-cratic norms will go down as one of the least bright moments in the history of the Republican Party. It will go down as one of the bad marks in the history of the Senate, and we don’t hear a peep. Are our Republican colleagues afraid? Are they just being mercenary? After this last election, I wouldn’t think that would be the case. Trump didn’t lead them to overwhelming vic-tory. When are we going to hear from them? This is not an issue of partisanship. When a President, Democrat or Repub-lican, does so much to destroy demo-cratic norms and does so much to just make up things—like that people went into a car and put on a different hat to vote—where are our colleagues decry-ing this, at least saying that the Presi-dent shouldn’t do it? They are embrac-ing a President whom they know has done so many bad things. I am not talking ideologically. I am talking about honor and respect for democracy. It is something they should not be proud of. 
f 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, now, on the Russia investigation itself. There is this idea out there on the Re-publican side that the President doesn’t intend to interfere with the Russia investigation. Republicans, in-cluding my friend the Republican lead-er, say President Trump has not threatened the special counsel inves-tigation, and so there is no need to pro-tect it. That is a laugh. He threatens the investigation almost every day. He did this morning in his tweets. To say that the President hasn’t threatened the special counsel is not only logi-cally dubious, but it is just dead wrong and untrue. A few weeks ago, President Trump said the investigation ‘‘should end.’’ This morning, again, President Trump made clear that he does not want the Mueller investigation to reach a fair and impartial conclusion. Last week, President Trump went around the tra-ditional line of succession in the Jus-tice Department—what many believe to be a violation of the Constitution— to install an Acting Attorney General whose only qualification for the job seems to be that he has publicly criti-cized the Russia probe. My friends—particularly my friends, again, on the Republican side—the writing is on the wall. Let’s avoid this constitutional crisis. Let’s at least stand up for the rule of law. We should pass legislation now, in the lameduck, to protect the special counsel’s inves-tigation from the President and from his woefully unqualified henchman, Mr. Whitaker. Senators FLAKE and C OONS tried yes-terday—bipartisan—but the Republican leader objected. They are going to keep trying, as they should, and Democrats will try to add this proposal to the must-pass spending bill because we be-lieve it is so important for our democ-racy. There is too much at stake to sit around and wait until the President crosses the line, creating the constitu-tional crisis we all abhor. But waiting until that happens would be too late. We need to act on legisla-tion to protect the special counsel, to protect the rule of law, and to protect democracy, accountability, and the fundamental checks and balances that is the hallmark of our great Nation. 
f 
CHISHOLM RESOLUTION Mr. SCHUMER. Finally, last Tues-day’s election was historic for not only the number of ballots cast by Ameri-cans in the midterms but also for whom those ballots were cast. Ameri-cans sent to our Nation’s Capital the most diverse Congress in the history of the country. In several States, the first Native American women, the first Afri-can-American women, and the first Muslim women were elected in the his-tory of those States. Finally, the men and women walking the corridors of power are beginning to look more like the Nation they represent, at least on our side of the aisle, I am proud to say. We are not there yet, but we are a lot closer. In light of this progress, it is perhaps fitting that exactly half a century ago, a fellow Brooklynite, Shirley Chisolm, became the first African-American woman elected to Congress and eventu-ally the first African-American woman to run for a major party’s nomination for President, breaking that glass ceil-ing and paving the way for so many others to follow. Whether they know Shirley Chisolm or not, so many who are elected on the other side in the House of Representatives owe a lot to her, as do all Americans. So I have introduced a resolution in the Senate, along with my friends in the House—Representative Y
VETTE  CLARKE , my Congresswoman whom I was proud to vote for in November, and B
ARBARA LEEof California—to honor Shirley Chisolm’s achievements and her legacy of public service. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. Mr. KYLE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE STRATEGY COMMISSION REPORT Mr. KYLE. Madam President, yester-day the National Defense Strategy Commission released its report after about a year of study for the defense needs of the United States and our fu-ture requirements for defense strategy and funding of that strategy. I had the honor of serving on that commission during the time that preceded my cur-rent presence in the U.S. Senate. The Commission was appointed by the chairmen and ranking members of the House and Senate Armed Services Committee. There were six appointed from each of the two bodies, so a total of 12, and it was a division equally be-tween Republicans and Democrats. I was privileged to have been appointed by my predecessor, Senator John McCain. The commission is chaired by Ambas-sador Eric Edelman and Admiral Gary Roughead, Retired, and it included de-fense experts who had served in Con-gress, who had served in the intel-ligence community, the diplomatic community, and the military. There was one former political person—my-self. As I said, we were tasked with the job of studying our National Defense Strategy and providing recommenda-tions to the Secretary of Defense and to the Congress about our future courses of action. The Commission worked very hard to review all of the pertinent information related to the formation of the Trump administration National Defense Strat-egy, which had been issued earlier in the year. This effort included exam-ining the assumptions, the missions, the force posture, the structure, as well as strategic and military risks associ-ated with the execution of that Na-tional Defense Strategy. The Commission particularly focused on threats to the United States and the size and shape of the force required to deter and, if necessary, defeat these threats. It focused on the readiness of our force, the posture and capabilities of the force, and the allocation of re-sources. It also examined the strategic and military risks that informed the development of both the National De-fense Strategy and the National Secu-rity Strategy. This Commission has demonstrated that, even in Washington, DC, it is pos-sible to get a genuinely bipartisan con-sensus on something—in this case, our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.002 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6971 November 15, 2018 
consensus on United States’ national security. We agreed that, for example, budget-driven strategies that assume too much risk will cost us more in the long run than properly funded strate-gies based on the realistic assessment of the current strategic environment. That is kind of a long way of saying that what this bipartisan commission concluded, on a consensus basis—no dissenting views at all—was that we risk more by proceeding with the re-building of our military constrained by budget requirements than if we were to increase the budget for defense spend-ing and eliminate the impediments to sensible acquisition, such as the con-tinuing resolution and the sequestra-tion requirements that Congress has been engaged in over the past several years. What this Commission said, in stark headlines, is that the United States faces a national emergency. It con-cluded, in very stark terms, that we might lose a war with China or Russia, and that the only way to avoid this is to adequately fund the strategy that the Secretary of Defense has set out. His prioritization, the Commission con-cluded, is exactly right: We have to change from focusing solely or pri-marily on fighting a war in the Middle East or conflicts with terrorists, and instead change to focusing on the threats that are posed by potential ad-versaries—Russia and China. If we have the capability of dealing with those threats by deterring them or, if nec-essary, defeating them, then we should also have the ability to deal with ter-rorism, to deal with North Korea and deal with Iran, but our first priority needs to be to focus on China and on Russia. The NDS Commission report argues: 
The U.S. military could suffer unaccept-ably high casualties and loss of major capital assets in its next conflict. It might struggle to win, or perhaps lose a war against China or Russia. The United States is particularly at risk of being overwhelmed should its mili-tary forces be required to fight on two or more fronts simultaneously. 
Some might oppose such strong wording, but the Commission believed we had to be able to talk honestly about the state of our military pre-paredness and our national security. As Ambassador Edelman, Chairman of the Commission, stated, ‘‘It is prob-ably more dangerous to tell ourselves and other people that we’re going to be able to do these things when, in fact, we aren’t able to do them because we’re not paying for them.’’ The object of a strong military is to deter conflict from ever occurring. You do that by demonstrating you are able to prevail in a conflict if necessary. You have to have the capability of de-feating any adversary you might face. If you have that capability, those ad-versaries are less likely to miscalcu-late, to assume they might be able to advance their parochial interests with-out a pushback from the United States, NATO, or our other allies, and they come to this belief if they examine their capabilities against ours and de-termine we are lacking in the ability to stop them. What this report says is that we have to get serious about rebuilding our military, or we run the risk of bad ac-tors in the world deciding they can take a chance that we will not respond. Let me summarize what this report says. Again, I can’t emphasize this too much. I know it is Washington, DC. I know we are talking about difficult issues here, but these 12 Democrats and Republicans, equally divided, reached a conclusion, a consensus, about what we need to do, and we are willing to speak very strongly about it. It is possible for Democrats and Republicans to get to-gether on something in this city, and I am hoping my colleagues in the House and in the Senate will approach the issues in the same bipartisan spirit that characterized the deliberations of the Commission. Here is the summary: First, we are in a state of national emergency. For the first time since the end of the Cold War, the United States is at risk of losing a war against these peer competitors—that is a euphemism for China and Russia. Second, there is a bipartisan con-sensus that Congress must provide pre-dictable and sufficient funding for the Department of Defense to execute the strategy it has developed—the National Defense Strategy. This means Congress must undo sequestration, which is the provision in law that says that if we don’t meet certain budget require-ments, all Departments of the govern-ment, including the Department of De-fense, have to cut right off the top an equal percentage of funding in order to get back to those budget levels. For the Defense Department, it is impos-sible to both provide for our national security and comply with that require-ment, so sequestration has to end. We have to return to the regular order of appropriating funding for the Department of Defense on an annual basis at the beginning of each fiscal year so the Pentagon can do the plan-ning necessary and the people who pro-vide the weaponry and other products to the Defense Department can plan adequately for the development and production of these items on a sensible basis, on a basis that enables them to calculate in the future how much money they will have over the period of time they need. We can’t do that if, instead, we continue to operate on what are called continuing resolutions, where Congress throws up its hands sometime in the late summer and says: We are never going to agree on how much to fund the various Departments of government, including the Depart-ment of Defense. Let’s just agree to continue to do the same amount of spending we did last year on the same things. Think about that in your family budget. Each year, instead of trying to figure out what you are going to need this year—and it is going to be a little different from last year—you say: We will just spend the same amount we spent last year on the same things. It is a very illogical way and it is a very detrimental way for us to provide for our national defense. The third thing the Commission rec-ommended is that we have to increase the top line or the total amount of money spent on defense over the next several years if we are going to truly rebuild our military. Last year, a deal was struck in which we agreed to a 2- year funding for the Department of De-fense that staunched the flow of blood from the inadequate funding of years previous. All it did was to temporarily provide funds, primarily to increase our readiness. It did not provide enough to rebuild our military. It pro-vided enough to start the journey, which may take us 15 or 20 years, but that is how long, with increased fund-ing, it will take to do the job. We concluded that we ignore the issues at our peril, that today our ad-versaries undermine U.S. goals on a daily basis and that continued neglect of our defense capabilities puts our Na-tion at risk. What are the specific conclusions? This report reports that America’s military superiority has ‘‘eroded to a dangerous degree’’ and that the United States is in a ‘‘crisis of national secu-rity.’’ It says that ‘‘the United States is particularly at risk of being over-whelmed should its military be forced to fight on two or more fronts simulta-neously.’’ In other words, we are in a state of national emergency, and this country is at risk of actually being defeated by Russia or China should we find our-selves in conflict with them. Nobody is predicting a war today or even tomor-row, but we have seen the nationalistic designs that China has in its region of the world, and we have seen repeated efforts by Vladimir Putin’s Russia to advance its sphere of influence, par-ticularly in Eastern Europe—the tak-ing of Crimea, the invasion of Ukraine, the shooting down of a civilian air-liner, the use of chemical agents—pro-hibited by treaties, by the way—on for-eign soil to deal with people with whom it disagrees. Somebody has lik-ened Vladimir Putin to the burglar in a hotel who walks down the hallway pushing on each door until he finds one that is not locked so he can go in and burglarize. He is an opportunist who takes advantage of weakness. The last thing we want to do is to suggest to him that we would not or could not re-spond to actions he takes. In other words, to prevent him from miscalcu-lating, we have to deter conduct that could lead to conflict. The way the Russian military doc-trine works these days is, it starts with a hybrid war. It is not a fighting war to begin with. It is done through cyber at-tacks, through propaganda, through actions that perhaps utilize contrac-tors rather than the Russian military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.003 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6972 November 15, 2018 
to go into another country so that they have plausible deniability until they have achieved their initial goals and then have the Russian military move into the area and even potentially, ac-cording to Russian doctrine, use nu-clear weapons. They would do this on a tactical basis to do what they call es-calate to deescalate—in other words, to suggest to NATO, the United States, and other allies that our responding to that attack could lead to a nuclear conflagration. The Russians have the tactical weap-ons. They have 10 times more than we do, so they can use them on a battle-field and then say: Look, we have taken the territory we want to take. We are done for now, and you just need to leave us alone rather than getting involved in this conflict. That is the kind of way we could be drawn into a conflict even though there is not a big army attack or air attack to begin such a conflict. It is the escalation ladder where tactical nuclear weapons might be used, and then it is up to the United States to de-cide what to do next. This is the kind of thing in which miscalculation can occur. The United States has to persuade countries like Russia and China that they shouldn’t begin the process of calculating wheth-er they could defeat us with the as-sumption that we wouldn’t or couldn’t respond. That is what deterrence is all about. Nobody wants war, but you pre-vent war by demonstrating to the ag-gressor that it is not worth it for that aggressor to start the conflict, that he is going to lose more than he can po-tentially gain. We don’t get to define whether we have adequate deterrence; that is de-fined by our potential adversary. What do they think we can do? In the past several years, both the Chinese and Russians have gone to school on the United States and the way we conduct our military activities, for example, in the Middle East, in Afghanistan. They understand our strengths and weak-nesses. They have been spending a lot of money on research and development and readiness and weapon acquisition and doctrine to take advantage of our weaknesses in an asymmetrical way in order to defeat us if there should ever be a conflict between us. The Chinese have put a lot, for exam-ple, into their space-based capabilities, trying to knock the United States out of space so that our satellites can’t tell our weapons where to fire or tell our troops how to get where they need to go. The Russians are very good in cyber activity. They would like to be able to deny us the ability to communicate with each other and to do the other things we rely upon through cyber space. They have developed very capa-ble modern technology and weaponry that in some cases is much better than ours. They have the ability to deny us access to battlefields through their long-range air defenses, for example. The United States no longer has supe-riority in all military fields. We can expect not to have air superiority, for example, in a conflict with Russia. These are problems that have to be remedied, and they can’t be remedied overnight. What our Commission con-cluded is that we have to recognize the potential threat. The reason our adver-saries have developed the kinds of weapons and doctrine they have is be-cause they want to be prepared in the event of conflict between us. We are not going to start a conflict, but we want to make sure they don’t mis-calculate and start one, and that starts with having a military that they un-derstand is sufficient to defeat them. That is what real deterrence is all about. This report should not be understood as a criticism of the Secretary of De-fense or of the Defense Department. It is true that we say there are areas that need improvement, but Secretary Mattis knows as well as anyone what the nature of this threat is. He is able to say ‘‘I will make do with what the Congress gives us,’’ but I don’t think he is able to say ‘‘I know in my heart that will be sufficient.’’ In fact, earlier this year, he warned us that ‘‘our competi-tive edge has eroded in every domain of warfare—air, land, sea, space, and cyber. The combination of rapidly changing technology, the negative im-pact on military readiness resulting from the longest continuous period of combat in our Nation’s history, and a prolonged period of unpredictable and insufficient funding, created an over-stretched and under-resourced mili-tary.’’ He has recognized the problem. I think it is up to the Congress to re-spond to his recognition of the problem and to the report of this bipartisan Commission. We have all heard plenty about the results of this underfunding. We have seen aircraft that aren’t able to fly or they crash. We have seen Navy ships that collide with each other and other kinds of catastrophes that have befallen our military. Today, our mili-tary is the smallest it has been since 1940, since before World War II. We face munition shortages. We obviously need to refresh our wornout troops and equipment. There are urgent require-ments to modernize our nuclear deter-rent—the deterrent that says to the Russians or the Chinese, for example, and in the future North Korea and per-haps Iran: Don’t even think about a nu-clear conflict with us. We have the ability to destroy you. We are in the process of modernizing that, and it is going to take a long time and a lot of money to do that. Defense spending is near historic lows. We think that because last year we made a deal to slightly increase it for a 2-year period of time that we solved the problem. That is not true. As a share of the Federal budget and the national economy, we are spending at near historic lows on defense. We now have enough evidence to know that mindless spending cuts, as would be required by sequestration, for exam-ple, don’t make the Department of De-fense more efficient. There are always savings to be had in the Department of Defense, but that is not the way to achieve them. In fact, informing the larger drivers of the Pentagon’s budget would actually require legislative changes that the Congress has been un-willing to make. So let’s put the bur-den where it lies, and that is on Con-gress, to fix a lot of these problems. Between the fiscal years 2012 and 2019, the Department of Defense will have sustained $539 billion in cuts over the budget plan proposed by Secretary Gates in the year 2010. So Secretary Gates said: Here is our 20-year plan, and we are almost half way through that plan, and we have already suffered almost half a trillion dollars in cuts over what he said we would need. If de-fense spending continues at the planned rate through 2021, it will take another 19 years to reverse all of the Budget Act cuts that occurred as a re-sult of sequestration. Obviously, we have work to do. I have talked about the threat. Let me just mention a couple of other points that we made in the report. We commented on the Defense Depart-ment’s national security report—the National Defense Strategy, which was published in 2017—and it actually helped to make this case for us. It ar-gued that we face ‘‘an extraordinarily dangerous world,’’ and that threats ‘‘have intensified in recent years.’’ We face a world where ‘‘China and Russia challenge American power,’’ where ‘‘the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and the Islamic Republic of Iran are determined to destabilize regions,’’ and where transnational threat groups ‘‘are actively trying to harm Ameri-cans.’’ So when I speak to China and Russia, I don’t mean to demean the threats posed by other actors like North Korea and Iran or the terrorists who continue to threaten us. I am simply noting the most serious threat should conflict arise. This focus on China and Russia, I think, is prudent because both coun-tries, as I said, have extensively mod-ernized their forces, including their nu-clear weapons arsenals, and they have routinely taken actions that threaten, coerce, and intimidate others in the re-gion. For the last 17 years most of our forces have been organized, manned, trained, and equipped to fight smaller scale wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. I think in the meantime some of our planners have forgotten how to plan and operationalize large-scale military conflicts. This we have to relearn while we still have time. Our adversaries are not waiting, as I said. They don’t face similar fiscal con-straints as we do. I was asked the other evening: Well, isn’t it true that we spend a lot more in our military than Russia and China do? The answer is that this isn’t even an apples-and-or-anges comparison. We are honest about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6973 November 15, 2018 
our budget and transparent. We put out in the public what our intelligence community topline budget is. The Rus-sians and Chinese don’t do that. They hide as much as they can. They don’t pay their forces the way we do, and 70 percent of our defense budget is for our forces—our manpower—in the pay and benefits and healthcare they need. We don’t have the combined industrial base with the military that the Chinese do, for example, and that the Russians do. What we spend is all out there. They can hide a lot of their spending in the activities of their industrial com-panies that are doing the work of the Chinese army, for example. So that is not a valid comparison. I will just conclude this way. I was in the Congress for 26 years. I served on the House Armed Services Committee. I came to the Senate and served on nu-merous commissions and task forces— in the Intelligence Committee, for ex-ample, for 8 years, which looked into the threats that we face and what we need to do about those threats. I led ef-forts dealing with our strategic deter-rent, our nuclear modernization effort, and I was sobered by the evidence that we received as a member of the Na-tional Defense Strategy Commission. I was taken aback. I had not been in the Senate for 5 years. I hadn’t had the ad-vantage of classified briefings on the status of our adversaries’ efforts and our own, and I was shocked at the de-gree to which we have lost the advan-tage that we used to have. I shared the concerns with my colleagues that this could lead potential adversaries to mis-calculate, to think that they could make moves that wouldn’t be resisted by the United States because we don’t have the capability any more to do that. That has to change if we are to avoid war. Therefore, I urge my colleagues in the days and weeks to come to review this Commission report, to think about it in terms of a consensus document be-tween Republicans and Democrats, who unanimously agreed that it was crit-ical to tell the American people the truth—that we have a severe crisis in this country—and to recognize that we, the Congress—the House and the Sen-ate—have the first obligation to do something about this by setting the policy through our National Defense Authorization Acts and then funding those policies adequately through a se-ries of eliminating sequestration, fund-ing through the regular order appro-priation process, rather than con-tinuing resolutions, and increasing the topline budget for the military enough to make up the gap that we discuss in this report here. That effort will begin with an admin-istration in the development of its budget, which is underway right now and will be submitted to the Congress in the early spring. I urge the adminis-tration, as well, to recognize that its leadership in this effort will have a lot to do with the success of Congress step-ping up to do its job to fund that budg-et adequately. So to my colleagues who are con-cerned about our national security— and who isn’t—and to those who said during the last campaign that we want to work across the aisle to solve prob-lems that confront the American peo-ple, well, I can’t think of a more seri-ous problem than this. This is a great opportunity to roll up our sleeves and work together. I pledge to work with my colleagues to do exactly that and commend to them this report of the National Defense Strategy Commission to review during the Thanksgiving break we are going to have here and to come back ready to do work. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing adoption of the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 140 with further amendment No. 4054, as modified, that amendment No. 4054, as modified, be further modified with the changes at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4054), as further modified, is as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frank LoBi-ondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents of this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—REORGANIZATION OF TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE Sec. 101. Initial matter. Sec. 102. Subtitle I. Sec. 103. Chapter 1. Sec. 104. Chapter 3. Sec. 105. Chapter 5. Sec. 106. Chapter 7. Sec. 107. Chapter 9. Sec. 108. Chapter 11. Sec. 109. Subtitle II. Sec. 110. Chapter 19. Sec. 111. Part II. Sec. 112. Chapter 21. Sec. 113. Chapter 23. Sec. 114. Chapter 25. Sec. 115. Part III. Sec. 116. Chapter 27. Sec. 117. Chapter 29. Sec. 118. Subtitle III and chapter 37. Sec. 119. Chapter 39. Sec. 120. Chapter 41. Sec. 121. Subtitle IV and chapter 49. Sec. 122. Chapter 51. Sec. 123. References. Sec. 124. Rule of construction. TITLE II—AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 201. Amendments to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. Sec. 202. Authorizations of appropriations. Sec. 203. Authorized levels of military strength and training. Sec. 204. Authorization of amounts for Fast Response Cutters. Sec. 205. Authorization of amounts for shoreside infrastructure. Sec. 206. Authorization of amounts for air-craft improvements. TITLE III—COAST GUARD Sec. 301. Amendments to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. Sec. 302. Primary duties. Sec. 303. National Coast Guard Museum. Sec. 304. Unmanned aircraft. Sec. 305. Coast Guard health-care profes-sionals; licensure portability. Sec. 306. Training; emergency response pro-viders. Sec. 307. Incentive contracts for Coast Guard yard and industrial es-tablishments. Sec. 308. Confidential investigative ex-penses. Sec. 309. Regular captains; retirement. Sec. 310. Conversion, alteration, and repair projects. Sec. 311. Contracting for major acquisitions programs. Sec. 312. Officer promotion zones. Sec. 313. Cross reference. Sec. 314. Commissioned service retirement. Sec. 315. Leave for birth or adoption of child. Sec. 316. Clothing at time of discharge. Sec. 317. Unfunded priorities list. Sec. 318. Safety of vessels of the Armed Forces. Sec. 319. Air facilities. TITLE IV—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY Sec. 401. Codification of Ports and Water-ways Safety Act. Sec. 402. Conforming amendments. Sec. 403. Transitional and savings provi-sions. Sec. 404. Rule of construction. Sec. 405. Advisory committee: repeal. Sec. 406. Regattas and marine parades. Sec. 407. Regulation of vessels in territorial waters of United States. Sec. 408. Port, harbor, and coastal facility security. TITLE V—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SAFETY Sec. 501. Consistency in marine inspections. Sec. 502. Uninspected passenger vessels in St. Louis County, Minnesota. Sec. 503. Engine cut-off switch require-ments. Sec. 504. Exception from survival craft re-quirements. Sec. 505. Safety standards. Sec. 506. Fishing safety grants. Sec. 507. Fishing, fish tender, and fish proc-essing vessel certification. Sec. 508. Deadline for compliance with alter-nate safety compliance pro-gram. Sec. 509. Termination of unsafe operations; technical correction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.006 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6974 November 15, 2018 
Sec. 510. Technical corrections: Licenses, certificates of registry, and merchant mariner documents. Sec. 511. Clarification of logbook entries. Sec. 512. Certificates of documentation for recreational vessels. Sec. 513. Numbering for undocumented barges. Sec. 514. Backup national timing system. Sec. 515. Scientific personnel. Sec. 516. Transparency. TITLE VI—ADVISORY COMMITTEES Sec. 601. National maritime transportation advisory committees. Sec. 602. Maritime Security Advisory Com-mittees. TITLE VII—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION Sec. 701. Short title. Sec. 702. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 703. Reporting on impact of alliances on competition. Sec. 704. Definition of certain covered serv-ices. Sec. 705. Reports filed with the Commission. Sec. 706. Public participation. Sec. 707. Ocean transportation inter-mediaries. Sec. 708. Common carriers. Sec. 709. Negotiations. Sec. 710. Injunctive relief sought by the Commission. Sec. 711. Discussions. Sec. 712. Transparency. Sec. 713. Study of bankruptcy preparation and response. Sec. 714. Agreements unaffected. TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 801. Repeal of obsolete reporting re-quirement. Sec. 802. Corrections to provisions enacted by Coast Guard Authorization Acts. Sec. 803. Officer evaluation report. Sec. 804. Extension of authority. Sec. 805. Coast Guard ROTC program. Sec. 806. Currency detection canine team program. Sec. 807. Center of expertise for Great Lakes oil spill search and response. Sec. 808. Public safety answering points and maritime search and rescue co-ordination. Sec. 809. Ship shoal lighthouse transfer: re-peal. Sec. 810. Land exchange, Ayakulik Island, Alaska. Sec. 811. Use of Tract 43. Sec. 812. Coast Guard maritime domain awareness. Sec. 813. Monitoring. Sec. 814. Reimbursements for non-Federal construction costs of certain aids to navigation. Sec. 815. Towing safety management system fees. Sec. 816. Oil spill disbursements auditing and report. Sec. 817. Fleet requirements assessment and strategy. Sec. 818. National Security Cutter. Sec. 819. Acquisition plan for inland water-way and river tenders and bay- class icebreakers. Sec. 820. Great Lakes icebreaker acquisi-tion. Sec. 821. Polar icebreakers. Sec. 822. Strategic assets in the Arctic. Sec. 823. Arctic planning criteria. Sec. 824. Vessel response plan audit. Sec. 825. Waters deemed not navigable waters of the United States for certain purposes. Sec. 826. Documentation of recreational ves-sels. Sec. 827. Equipment requirements; exemp-tion from throwable personal flotation devices requirement. Sec. 828. Visual distress signals and alter-native use. Sec. 829. Radar refresher training. Sec. 830. Commercial fishing vessel safety national communications plan. Sec. 831. Atlantic Coast port access route study recommendations. Sec. 832. Drawbridges. Sec. 833. Waiver. Sec. 834. Fire-retardant materials. Sec. 835. Vessel waiver. Sec. 836. Temporary limitations. Sec. 837. Transfer of Coast Guard property in Jupiter Island, Florida, for inclusion in Hobe Sound Na-tional Wildlife Refuge. Sec. 838. Emergency response. Sec. 839. Drawbridges consultation. TITLE IX—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT Sec. 901. Short title. Sec. 902. Purposes; findings. Sec. 903. Standards for discharges incidental to normal operation of vessels. TITLE X—HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 1001. Reauthorization of Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998. Sec. 1002. System for tracking and reporting all-inclusive cost of hydro-graphic surveys. Sec. 1003. Homeport of certain research ves-sels. TITLE I—REORGANIZATION OF TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE 
SEC. 101. INITIAL MATTER. 
Title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the title designation, the title head-ing, and the table of parts at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE 14—COAST GUARD ‘‘Subtitle Sec.‘‘I. Establishment, Powers, Duties, and Administration......................101 ‘‘II. Personnel....................................1901 ‘‘III. Coast Guard Reserve and Auxil-iary.............................................. 3701 ‘‘IV. Coast Guard Authorizations and Reports to Congress.....................4901’’. 
SEC. 102. SUBTITLE I. 
Part I of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle I—Establishment, Powers, Duties, and Administration ‘‘Chap. Sec.‘‘1. Establishment and Duties............101 ‘‘3. Composition and Organization .....301 ‘‘5. Functions and Powers..................501 ‘‘7. Cooperation.................................701 ‘‘9. Administration.............................901 ‘‘11. Acquisitions................................1101’’. 
SEC. 103. CHAPTER 1. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 1 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 1—ESTABLISHMENT AND DUTIES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘101. Establishment of Coast Guard. ‘‘102. Primary duties. ‘‘103. Department in which the Coast Guard operates. ‘‘104. Removing restrictions. ‘‘105. Secretary defined. ‘‘106. Commandant defined.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 1 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
1 Establishment of Coast Guard 101 
2 Primary duties 102 
3 Department in which the Coast Guard operates 103 
652 Removing restric-tions 104 
4 Secretary defined 105 
5 Commandant de-fined 106 
SEC. 104. CHAPTER 3. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 3—COMPOSITION AND ORGANIZATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘301. Grades and ratings. ‘‘302. Commandant; appointment. ‘‘303. Retirement of Commandant or Vice Commandant. ‘‘304. Vice Commandant; appointment. ‘‘305. Vice admirals. ‘‘306. Retirement. ‘‘307. Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade. ‘‘308. Chief Acquisition Officer. ‘‘309. Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Di-rector. ‘‘310. Chief of Staff to President: appoint-ment. ‘‘311. Captains of the port. ‘‘312. Prevention and response workforces. ‘‘313. Centers of expertise for Coast Guard prevention and response. ‘‘314. Marine industry training program. ‘‘315. Training course on workings of Con-gress. ‘‘316. National Coast Guard Museum. ‘‘317. United States Coast Guard Band; com-position; director. ‘‘318. Environmental Compliance and Res-toration Program.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 3 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6975 November 15, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
41 Grades and ratings 301 
44 Commandant; ap-pointment 302 
46 Retirement of Com-mandant or Vice Commandant 303 
47 Vice Commandant; appointment 304 
50 Vice admirals 305 
51 Retirement 306 
52 Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade 307 
56 Chief Acquisition Officer 308 
53 Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Di-rector 309 
54 Chief of Staff to President: appoint-ment 310 
57 Prevention and re-sponse workforces 312 
58 Centers of expertise for Coast Guard prevention and re-sponse 313 
59 Marine industry training program 314 
60 Training course on workings of Con-gress 315 
98 National Coast Guard Museum 316 
336 United States Coast Guard Band; composition; direc-tor 317 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by inserting after section 310 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 311. Captains of the port ‘‘Any officer, including any petty officer, may be designated by the Commandant as captain of the port or ports or adjacent high seas or waters over which the United States has jurisdiction, as the Commandant deems necessary to facilitate execution of Coast Guard duties.’’; and (B) by inserting after section 317 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 318. Environmental Compliance and Res-toration Program ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) ‘environment’, ‘facility’, ‘person’, ‘re-lease’, ‘removal’, ‘remedial’, and ‘response’ have the same meaning they have in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601); ‘‘(2) ‘hazardous substance’ has the same meaning it has in section 101 of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601), except that it also includes the meaning given ‘oil’ in section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321); and ‘‘(3) ‘pollutant’ has the same meaning it has in section 502 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362). ‘‘(b) PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall carry out a pro-gram of environmental compliance and res-toration at current and former Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(2) Program goals include: ‘‘(A) Identifying, investigating, and clean-ing up contamination from hazardous sub-stances and pollutants. ‘‘(B) Correcting other environmental dam-age that poses an imminent and substantial danger to the public health or welfare or to the environment. ‘‘(C) Demolishing and removing unsafe buildings and structures, including buildings and structures at former Coast Guard facili-ties. ‘‘(D) Preventing contamination from haz-ardous substances and pollutants at current Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall respond to re-leases of hazardous substances and pollut-ants— ‘‘(i) at each Coast Guard facility the United States owns, leases, or otherwise pos-sesses; ‘‘(ii) at each Coast Guard facility the United States owned, leased, or otherwise possessed when the actions leading to con-tamination from hazardous substances or pollutants occurred; and ‘‘(iii) on each vessel the Coast Guard owns or operates. ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) of this paragraph does not apply to a removal or remedial ac-tion when a potentially responsible person responds under section 122 of the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9622). ‘‘(C) The Secretary shall pay a fee or charge imposed by a State authority for per-mit services for disposing of hazardous sub-stances or pollutants from Coast Guard fa-cilities to the same extent that nongovern-mental entities are required to pay for per-mit services. This subparagraph does not apply to a payment that is the responsibility of a lessee, contractor, or other private per-son. ‘‘(4) The Secretary may agree with another Federal agency for that agency to assist in carrying out the Secretary’s responsibilities under this section. The Secretary may enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, and grant agreements with State and local gov-ernments to assist in carrying out the Sec-retary’s responsibilities under this section. Services that may be obtained under this paragraph include identifying, investigating, and cleaning up off-site contamination that may have resulted from the release of a haz-ardous substance or pollutant at a Coast Guard facility. ‘‘(5) Section 119 of the Comprehensive En-vironmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9619) applies to re-sponse action contractors that carry out re-sponse actions under this section. The Coast Guard shall indemnify response action con-tractors to the extent that adequate insur-ance is not generally available at a fair price at the time the contractor enters into the contract to cover the contractor’s reason-able, potential, long-term liability. ‘‘(c) A
MOUNTS RECOVERED FOR RESPONSE  A
CTIONS .— ‘‘(1) All sums appropriated to carry out the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and restoration functions under this section or another law shall be credited or trans-ferred to an appropriate Coast Guard ac-count, as determined by the Commandant and remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) Funds may be obligated or expended from such account to carry out the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and res-toration functions under this section or an-other law. ‘‘(3) In proposing the budget for any fiscal year under section 1105 of title 31, the Presi-dent shall set forth separately the amount requested for the Coast Guard’s environ-mental compliance and restoration activities under this section or another law. ‘‘(4) Amounts recovered under section 107 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9607) for the Secretary’s response ac-tions at current and former Coast Guard fa-cilities shall be credited to an appropriate Coast Guard account, as determined by the Commandant. ‘‘(d) ANNUAL LIST OF PROJECTS TO CON-
GRESS .—The Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a prioritized list of projects eligible for envi-ronmental compliance and restoration fund-ing for each fiscal year concurrent with the President’s budget submission for that fiscal year.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEALS .—Sections 634, 690, 691, 692, and 693 of title 14, United States Code, are repealed. 
SEC. 105. CHAPTER 5. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 5—FUNCTIONS AND POWERS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL POWERS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘501. Secretary; general powers. ‘‘502. Delegation of powers by the Secretary. ‘‘503. Regulations. ‘‘504. Commandant; general powers. ‘‘505. Functions and powers vested in the Commandant. ‘‘506. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care. ‘‘507. Appointment of judges. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —LIFE SAVING AND LAW  
ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES  ‘‘521. Saving life and property. ‘‘522. Law enforcement. ‘‘523. Enforcement authority. ‘‘524. Enforcement of coastwise trade laws. ‘‘525. Special agents of the Coast Guard In-vestigative Service law enforce-ment authority. ‘‘526. Stopping vessels; indemnity for firing at or into vessel. ‘‘527. Safety of naval vessels. ‘‘528. Protecting against unmanned aircraft. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —AIDS TO NAVIGATION  ‘‘541. Aids to navigation authorized. ‘‘542. Unauthorized aids to maritime naviga-tion; penalty. ‘‘543. Interference with aids to navigation; penalty. ‘‘544. Aids to maritime navigation; penalty. ‘‘545. Marking of obstructions. ‘‘546. Deposit of damage payments. ‘‘547. Rewards for apprehension of persons interfering with aids to naviga-tion. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IV —MISCELLANEOUS  ‘‘561. Icebreaking in polar regions. ‘‘562. Appeals and waivers. ‘‘563. Notification of certain determina-tions.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6976 November 15, 2018 
(b) R EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 5 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
92 Secretary; general powers 501 
631 Delegation of pow-ers by the Sec-retary 502 
633 Regulations 503 
93 Commandant; gen-eral powers 504 
632 Functions and pow-ers vested in the Commandant 505 
520 Prospective pay-ment of funds nec-essary to provide medical care 506 
153 Appointment of judges 507 
88 Saving life and property 521 
89 Law enforcement 522 
99 Enforcement au-thority 523 
100 Enforcement of coastwise trade laws 524 
95 Special agents of the Coast Guard In-vestigative Service law enforcement authority 525 
637 Stopping vessels; indemnity for fir-ing at or into vessel 526 
91 Safety of naval ves-sels 527 
104 Protecting against unmanned aircraft 528 
81 Aids to navigation authorized 541 
83 Unauthorized aids to maritime navi-gation; penalty 542 
84 Interference with aids to navigation; penalty 543 
85 Aids to maritime navigation; penalty 544 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
86 Marking of obstruc-tions 545 
642 Deposit of damage payments 546 
643 Rewards for appre-hension of persons interfering with aids to navigation 547 
87 Icebreaking in polar regions 561 
101 Appeals and waiv-ers 562 
103 Notification of cer-tain determina-tions 563 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 501 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL POWERS’’; (2) by inserting before section 521 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—LIFE SAVING AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES’’; (3) by inserting before section 541 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—AIDS TO NAVIGATION’’; and (4) by inserting before section 561 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—MISCELLANEOUS’’. 
SEC. 106. CHAPTER 7. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 7—COOPERATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘701. Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political subdivisions. ‘‘702. State Department. ‘‘703. Treasury Department. ‘‘704. Department of the Army and Depart-ment of the Air Force. ‘‘705. Navy Department. ‘‘706. United States Postal Service. ‘‘707. Department of Commerce. ‘‘708. Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. ‘‘709. Maritime instruction. ‘‘710. Assistance to foreign governments and maritime authorities. ‘‘711. Coast Guard officers as attache ´s to mis-sions. ‘‘712. Contracts with Government-owned es-tablishments for work and ma-terial. ‘‘713. Nonappropriated fund instrumental-ities: contracts with other agencies and instrumentalities to provide or obtain goods and services. ‘‘714. Arctic maritime domain awareness. ‘‘715. Oceanographic research. ‘‘716. Arctic maritime transportation. ‘‘717. Agreements.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 7 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
141 Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political sub-divisions 701 
142 State Department 702 
143 Treasury Depart-ment 703 
144 Department of the Army and Depart-ment of the Air Force 704 
145 Navy Department 705 
146 United States Post-al Service 706 
147 Department of Commerce 707 
147a Department of Health and Human Services 708 
148 Maritime instruc-tion 709 
149 Assistance to for-eign governments and maritime au-thorities 710 
150 Coast Guard offi-cers as attache´s to missions 711 
151 Contracts with Government-owned establishments for work and material 712 
152 Nonappropriated fund instrumental-ities: contracts with other agencies and instrumental-ities to provide or obtain goods and services 713 
154 Arctic maritime domain awareness 714 
94 Oceanographic re-search 715 
90 Arctic maritime transportation 716 
102 Agreements 717 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6977 November 15, 2018 
SEC. 107. CHAPTER 9. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 9—ADMINISTRATION ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —REAL AND PERSONAL  
PROPERTY  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘901. Disposal of certain material. ‘‘902. Employment of draftsmen and engi-neers. ‘‘903. Use of certain appropriated funds. ‘‘904. Local hire. ‘‘905. Procurement authority for family housing. ‘‘906. Air Station Cape Cod Improvements. ‘‘907. Long-term lease of special purpose fa-cilities. ‘‘908. Long-term lease authority for light-house property. ‘‘909. Small boat station rescue capability. ‘‘910. Small boat station closures. ‘‘911. Search and rescue center standards. ‘‘912. Air facility closures. ‘‘913. Turnkey selection procedures. ‘‘914. Disposition of infrastructure related to E–LORAN. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —MISCELLANEOUS  ‘‘931. Oaths required for boards. ‘‘932. Administration of oaths. ‘‘933. Coast Guard ensigns and pennants. ‘‘934. Penalty for unauthorized use of words ‘Coast Guard’. ‘‘935. Coast Guard band recordings for com-mercial sale. ‘‘936. Confidentiality of medical quality as-surance records; qualified im-munity for participants. ‘‘937. Admiralty claims against the United States. ‘‘938. Claims for damage to property of the United States. ‘‘939. Accounting for industrial work. ‘‘940. Supplies and equipment from stock. ‘‘941. Coast Guard Supply Fund. ‘‘942. Public and commercial vessels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, supplies, and services. ‘‘943. Arms and ammunition; immunity from taxation. ‘‘944. Confidential investigative expenses. ‘‘945. Assistance to film producers. ‘‘946. User fees. ‘‘947. Vessel construction bonding require-ments. ‘‘948. Contracts for medical care for retirees, dependents, and survivors: al-ternative delivery of health care. ‘‘949. Telephone installation and charges. ‘‘950. Designation, powers, and account-ability of deputy disbursing of-ficials. ‘‘951. Aircraft accident investigations.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 9 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 641 Disposal of certain material 901 
653 Employment of draftsmen and engi-neers 902 
656 Use of certain ap-propriated funds 903 
666 Local hire 904 
670 Procurement au-thority for family housing 905 
671 Air Station Cape Cod Improvements 906 
672 Long-term lease of special purpose fa-cilities 907 
672a Long-term lease authority for light-house property 908 
674 Small boat station rescue capability 909 
675 Small boat station closures 910 
676 Search and rescue center standards 911 
676a Air facility clo-sures 912 
677 Turnkey selection procedures 913 
681 Disposition of in-frastructure related to E–LORAN 914 
635 Oaths required for boards 931 
636 Administration of oaths 932 
638 Coast Guard en-signs and pennants 933 
639 Penalty for unau-thorized use of words ‘‘Coast Guard’’ 934 
640 Coast Guard band recordings for com-mercial sale 935 
645 Confidentiality of medical quality as-surance records; qualified immunity for participants 936 
646 Admiralty claims against the United States 937 
647 Claims for damage to property of the United States 938 
648 Accounting for in-dustrial work 939 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
649 Supplies and equip-ment from stock 940 
650 Coast Guard Supply Fund 941 
654 Public and com-mercial vessels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, sup-plies, and services 942 
655 Arms and ammuni-tion; immunity from taxation 943 
658 Confidential inves-tigative expenses 944 
659 Assistance to film producers 945 
664 User fees 946 
667 Vessel construction bonding require-ments 947 
668 Contracts for med-ical care for retir-ees, dependents, and survivors: al-ternative delivery of health care 948 
669 Telephone installa-tion and charges 949 
673 Designation, pow-ers, and account-ability of deputy disbursing officials 950 
678 Aircraft accident investigations 951 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 901 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—REAL AND PERSONAL PROPERTY’’; and (2) by inserting before section 931 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—MISCELLANEOUS’’. 
SEC. 108. CHAPTER 11. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 11—ACQUISITIONS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1101. Acquisition directorate. ‘‘1102. Improvements in Coast Guard acquisi-tion management. ‘‘1103. Role of Vice Commandant in major ac-quisition programs. ‘‘1104. Recognition of Coast Guard personnel for excellence in acquisition. ‘‘1105. Prohibition on use of lead systems in-tegrators. ‘‘1106. Required contract terms. ‘‘1107. Extension of major acquisition pro-gram contracts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6978 November 15, 2018 
‘‘1108. Department of Defense consultation. ‘‘1109. Undefinitized contractual actions. ‘‘1110. Mission need statement. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —IMPROVED ACQUISITION  
PROCESS AND PROCEDURES  ‘‘1131. Identification of major system acqui-sitions. ‘‘1132. Acquisition. ‘‘1133. Preliminary development and dem-onstration. ‘‘1134. Acquisition, production, deployment, and support. ‘‘1135. Acquisition program baseline breach. ‘‘1136. Acquisition approval authority. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —PROCUREMENT  ‘‘1151. Restriction on construction of vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1152. Advance procurement funding. ‘‘1153. Prohibition on overhaul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1154. Procurement of buoy chain. ‘‘1155. Contract termination. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IV —DEFINITIONS  ‘‘1171. Definitions.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 11 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
561 Acquisition direc-torate 1101 
562 Improvements in Coast Guard acqui-sition management 1102 
578 Role of Vice Com-mandant in major acquisition pro-grams 1103 
563 Recognition of Coast Guard per-sonnel for excel-lence in acquisition 1104 
564 Prohibition on use of lead systems in-tegrators 1105 
565 Required contract terms 1106 
579 Extension of major acquisition pro-gram contracts 1107 
566 Department of De-fense consultation 1108 
567 Undefinitized con-tractual actions 1109 
569 Mission need state-ment 1110 
571 Identification of major system ac-quisitions 1131 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
572 Acquisition 1132 
573 Preliminary devel-opment and dem-onstration 1133 
574 Acquisition, pro-duction, deploy-ment, and support 1134 
575 Acquisition pro-gram baseline breach 1135 
576 Acquisition ap-proval authority 1136 
665 Restriction on con-struction of vessels in foreign shipyards 1151 
577 Advance procure-ment funding 1152 
96 Prohibition on overhaul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in foreign shipyards 1153 
97 Procurement of buoy chain 1154 
657 Contract termi-nation 1155 
581 Definitions 1171 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking all subdivision designations and headings in such chapter, except for— (A) the chapter designation and heading added by subsection (a); (B) the subchapter designations and head-ings added by this subsection; and (C) any designation or heading of a section or a subdivision of a section; (2) by inserting before section 1101 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; (3) by inserting before section 1131 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—IMPROVED ACQUISI-TION PROCESS AND PROCEDURES’’; (4) by inserting before section 1151 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PROCUREMENT’’; and (5) by inserting before section 1171 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—DEFINITIONS’’. 
SEC. 109. SUBTITLE II. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by inserting after chapter 11 (as amended by section 108) the following: ‘‘Subtitle II—Personnel ‘‘Chap. Sec.‘‘19. Coast Guard Academy................1901 ‘‘21. Personnel; Officers.....................2101 ‘‘23. Personnel; Enlisted....................2301 ‘‘25. Personnel; General Provisions ...2501‘‘27. Pay, Allowances, Awards, and Other Rights and Benefits...........2701 ‘‘29. Coast Guard Family Support, Child Care, and Housing..............2901’’. (b) RESERVED CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (1) C
HAPTER 13 .—Chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning. (2) C
HAPTER 14 .—Chapter 14 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sec-tions at the beginning; and (B) by striking the subchapter designation and the subchapter heading for each of the subchapters of such chapter. (3) C
HAPTER 15 .—Chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sec-tions at the beginning; and (B) by striking the subchapter designation and the subchapter heading for each of the subchapters of such chapter. (4) C
HAPTER 17 .—Chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning. (5) C
HAPTER 18 .—Chapter 18 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning. 
SEC. 110. CHAPTER 19. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 19—COAST GUARD ACADEMY ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —ADMINISTRATION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1901. Administration of Academy. ‘‘1902. Policy on sexual harassment and sex-ual violence. ‘‘1903. Annual Board of Visitors. ‘‘1904. Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —CADETS  ‘‘1921. Corps of Cadets authorized strength. ‘‘1922. Appointments. ‘‘1923. Admission of foreign nationals for in-struction; restrictions; condi-tions. ‘‘1924. Conduct. ‘‘1925. Agreement. ‘‘1926. Cadet applicants; preappointment travel to Academy. ‘‘1927. Cadets; initial clothing allowance. ‘‘1928. Cadets; degree of bachelor of science. ‘‘1929. Cadets; appointment as ensign. ‘‘1930. Cadets: charges and fees for attend-ance; limitation. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —FACULTY  ‘‘1941. Civilian teaching staff. ‘‘1942. Permanent commissioned teaching staff; composition. ‘‘1943. Appointment of permanent commis-sioned teaching staff. ‘‘1944. Grade of permanent commissioned teaching staff. ‘‘1945. Retirement of permanent commis-sioned teaching staff. ‘‘1946. Credit for service as member of civil-ian teaching staff. ‘‘1947. Assignment of personnel as instruc-tors. ‘‘1948. Marine safety curriculum.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6979 November 15, 2018 
(A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 19 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
181 Administration of Academy 1901 
200 Policy on sexual harassment and sexual violence 1902 
194 Annual Board of Visitors 1903 
196 Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants 1904 
195 Admission of for-eign nationals for instruction; restric-tions; conditions 1923 
181a Cadet applicants; preappointment travel to Academy 1926 
183 Cadets; initial clothing allowance 1927 
184 Cadets; degree of bachelor of science 1928 
185 Cadets; appoint-ment as ensign 1929 
197 Cadets: charges and fees for attendance; limitation 1930 
186 Civilian teaching staff 1941 
187 Permanent com-missioned teaching staff; composition 1942 
188 Appointment of permanent commis-sioned teaching staff 1943 
189 Grade of permanent commissioned teaching staff 1944 
190 Retirement of per-manent commis-sioned teaching staff 1945 
191 Credit for service as member of civil-ian teaching staff 1946 
192 Assignment of per-sonnel as instruc-tors 1947 
199 Marine safety cur-riculum 1948 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by inserting before section 1901 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION’’; (B) by inserting before section 1923 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—CADETS ‘‘§ 1921. Corps of Cadets authorized strength ‘‘The number of cadets appointed annually to the Academy shall be as determined by the Secretary but the number appointed in any one year shall not exceed six hundred. ‘‘§ 1922. Appointments ‘‘Appointments to cadetships shall be made under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary, who shall determine age limits, methods of selection of applicants, term of service as a cadet before graduation, and all other matters affecting such appointments. In the administration of this section, the Secretary shall take such action as may be necessary and appropriate to insure that fe-male individuals shall be eligible for ap-pointment and admission to the Coast Guard Academy, and that the relevant standards required for appointment, admission, train-ing, graduation, and commissioning of fe-male individuals shall be the same as those required for male individuals, except for those minimum essential adjustments in such standards required because of physio-logical differences between male and female individuals.’’; (C) by inserting before section 1926 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 1924. Conduct ‘‘The Secretary may summarily dismiss from the Coast Guard any cadet who, during his cadetship, is found unsatisfactory in ei-ther studies or conduct, or may be deemed not adapted for a career in the Coast Guard. Cadets shall be subject to rules governing discipline prescribed by the Commandant. ‘‘§ 1925. Agreement ‘‘(a) Each cadet shall sign an agreement with respect to the cadet’s length of service in the Coast Guard. The agreement shall pro-vide that the cadet agrees to the following: ‘‘(1) That the cadet will complete the course of instruction at the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(2) That upon graduation from the Coast Guard Academy the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment, if ten-dered, as a commissioned officer of the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(B) will serve on active duty for at least five years immediately after such appoint-ment. ‘‘(3) That if an appointment described in paragraph (2) is not tendered or if the cadet is permitted to resign as a regular officer be-fore the completion of the commissioned service obligation of the cadet, the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment as a com-missioned officer in the Coast Guard Re-serve; and ‘‘(B) will remain in that reserve component until completion of the commissioned serv-ice obligation of the cadet. ‘‘(b)(1) The Secretary may transfer to the Coast Guard Reserve, and may order to ac-tive duty for such period of time as the Sec-retary prescribes (but not to exceed four years), a cadet who breaches an agreement under subsection (a). The period of time for which a cadet is ordered to active duty under this paragraph may be determined without regard to section 651(a) of title 10. ‘‘(2) A cadet who is transferred to the Coast Guard Reserve under paragraph (1) shall be transferred in an appropriate enlisted grade or rating, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) For the purposes of paragraph (1), a cadet shall be considered to have breached an agreement under subsection (a) if the cadet is separated from the Coast Guard Academy under circumstances which the Secretary determines constitute a breach by the cadet of the cadet’s agreement to com-plete the course of instruction at the Coast Guard Academy and accept an appointment as a commissioned officer upon graduation from the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(c) The Secretary shall prescribe regula-tions to carry out this section. Those regula-tions shall include— ‘‘(1) standards for determining what con-stitutes, for the purpose of subsection (b), a breach of an agreement under subsection (a); ‘‘(2) procedures for determining whether such a breach has occurred; and ‘‘(3) standards for determining the period of time for which a person may be ordered to serve on active duty under subsection (b). ‘‘(d) In this section, ‘commissioned service obligation’, with respect to an officer who is a graduate of the Academy, means the period beginning on the date of the officer’s ap-pointment as a commissioned officer and ending on the sixth anniversary of such ap-pointment or, at the discretion of the Sec-retary, any later date up to the eighth anni-versary of such appointment. ‘‘(e)(1) This section does not apply to a cadet who is not a citizen or national of the United States. ‘‘(2) In the case of a cadet who is a minor and who has parents or a guardian, the cadet may sign the agreement required by sub-section (a) only with the consent of the par-ent or guardian. ‘‘(f) A cadet or former cadet who does not fulfill the terms of the obligation to serve as specified under section (a), or the alternative obligation imposed under subsection (b), shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 303a(e) of title 37.’’; and (D) by inserting before section 1941 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—FACULTY’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 182 of title 14, United States Code, is repealed. 
SEC. 111. PART II. 
Part II of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
SEC. 112. CHAPTER 21. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 21—PERSONNEL; OFFICERS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —APPOINTMENT AND  
PROMOTION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2101. Original appointment of permanent commissioned officers. ‘‘2102. Active duty promotion list. ‘‘2103. Number and distribution of commis-sioned officers on active duty promotion list. ‘‘2104. Appointment of temporary officers. ‘‘2105. Rank of warrant officers. ‘‘2106. Selection boards; convening of boards. ‘‘2107. Selection boards; composition of boards. ‘‘2108. Selection boards; notice of convening; communication with board. ‘‘2109. Selection boards; oath of members. ‘‘2110. Number of officers to be selected for promotion. ‘‘2111. Promotion zones. ‘‘2112. Promotion year; defined. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6980 November 15, 2018 
‘‘2113. Eligibility of officers for consideration for promotion. ‘‘2114. United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska. ‘‘2115. Selection boards; information to be furnished boards. ‘‘2116. Officers to be recommended for pro-motion. ‘‘2117. Selection boards; reports. ‘‘2118. Selection boards; submission of re-ports. ‘‘2119. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘2120. Special selection boards; correction of errors. ‘‘2121. Promotions; appointments. ‘‘2122. Removal of officer from list of select-ees for promotion. ‘‘2123. Promotions; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘2124. Promotions; pay and allowances. ‘‘2125. Wartime temporary service pro-motions. ‘‘2126. Promotion of officers not included on active duty promotion list. ‘‘2127. Recall to active duty during war or na-tional emergency. ‘‘2128. Recall to active duty with consent of officer. ‘‘2129. Aviation cadets; appointment as Re-serve officers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —DISCHARGES ; RETIREMENTS ; 
REVOCATION OF COMMISSIONS ; SEPARATION  
FOR CAUSE  ‘‘2141. Revocation of commissions during first five years of commissioned service. ‘‘2142. Regular lieutenants (junior grade); separation for failure of selec-tion for promotion. ‘‘2143. Regular lieutenants; separation for failure of selection for pro-motion; continuation. ‘‘2144. Regular Coast Guard; officers serving under temporary appointments. ‘‘2145. Regular lieutenant commanders and commanders; retirement for failure of selection for pro-motion. ‘‘2146. Discharge in lieu of retirement; sepa-ration pay. ‘‘2147. Regular warrant officers: separation pay. ‘‘2148. Separation for failure of selection for promotion or continuation; time of. ‘‘2149. Regular captains; retirement. ‘‘2150. Captains; continuation on active duty; involuntary retirement. ‘‘2151. Rear admirals and rear admirals (lower half); continuation on active duty; involuntary retire-ment. ‘‘2152. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service. ‘‘2153. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service. ‘‘2154. Compulsory retirement. ‘‘2155. Retirement for physical disability after selection for promotion; grade in which retired. ‘‘2156. Deferment of retirement or separation for medical reasons. ‘‘2157. Flag officers. ‘‘2158. Review of records of officers. ‘‘2159. Boards of inquiry. ‘‘2160. Boards of review. ‘‘2161. Composition of boards. ‘‘2162. Rights and procedures. ‘‘2163. Removal of officer from active duty; action by Secretary. ‘‘2164. Officers considered for removal; retire-ment or discharge; separation benefits. ‘‘2165. Relief of retired officer promoted while on active duty. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘2181. Physical fitness of officers. ‘‘2182. Multirater assessment of certain per-sonnel.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 21 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
211 Original appoint-ment of permanent commissioned offi-cers 2101 
41a Active duty pro-motion list 2102 
42 Number and dis-tribution of com-missioned officers on active duty pro-motion list 2103 
214 Appointment of temporary officers 2104 
215 Rank of warrant of-ficers 2105 
251 Selection boards; convening of boards 2106 
252 Selection boards; composition of boards 2107 
253 Selection boards; notice of con-vening; commu-nication with board 2108 
254 Selection boards; oath of members 2109 
255 Number of officers to be selected for promotion 2110 
256 Promotion zones 2111 
256a Promotion year; defined 2112 
257 Eligibility of offi-cers for consider-ation for promotion 2113 
258 Selection boards; information to be furnished boards 2115 
259 Officers to be rec-ommended for pro-motion 2116 
260 Selection boards; reports 2117 
261 Selection boards; submission of re-ports 2118 
262 Failure of selection for promotion 2119 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
263 Special selection boards; correction of errors 2120 
271 Promotions; ap-pointments 2121 
272 Removal of officer from list of select-ees for promotion 2122 
273 Promotions; ac-ceptance; oath of office 2123 
274 Promotions; pay and allowances 2124 
275 Wartime temporary service promotions 2125 
276 Promotion of offi-cers not included on active duty pro-motion list 2126 
331 Recall to active duty during war or national emergency 2127 
332 Recall to active duty with consent of officer 2128 
373 Aviation cadets; appointment as Re-serve officers 2129 
281 Revocation of com-missions during first five years of commissioned serv-ice 2141 
282 Regular lieutenants (junior grade); sep-aration for failure of selection for pro-motion 2142 
283 Regular lieuten-ants; separation for failure of selection for promotion; con-tinuation 2143 
284 Regular Coast Guard; officers serving under tem-porary appoint-ments 2144 
285 Regular lieutenant commanders and commanders; re-tirement for failure of selection for pro-motion 2145 
286 Discharge in lieu of retirement; separa-tion pay 2146 
286a Regular warrant of-ficers: separation pay 2147 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6981 November 15, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
287 Separation for fail-ure of selection for promotion or con-tinuation; time of 2148 
288 Regular captains; retirement 2149 
289 Captains; continu-ation on active duty; involuntary retirement 2150 
290 Rear admirals and rear admirals (lower half); con-tinuation on active duty; involuntary retirement 2151 
291 Voluntary retire-ment after twenty years’ service 2152 
292 Voluntary retire-ment after thirty years’ service 2153 
293 Compulsory retire-ment 2154 
294 Retirement for physical disability after selection for promotion; grade in which retired 2155 
295 Deferment of re-tirement or separa-tion for medical reasons 2156 
296 Flag officers 2157 
321 Review of records of officers 2158 
322 Boards of inquiry 2159 
323 Boards of review 2160 
324 Composition of boards 2161 
325 Rights and proce-dures 2162 
326 Removal of officer from active duty; action by Secretary 2163 
327 Officers considered for removal; retire-ment or discharge; separation benefits 2164 
333 Relief of retired of-ficer promoted while on active duty 2165 
335 Physical fitness of officers 2181 
429 Multirater assess-ment of certain personnel 2182 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking all subchapter designations and headings in such chapter, except for the subchapter designations and headings added by this subsection; (2) by inserting before section 2101 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—APPOINTMENT AND PROMOTION’’; (3) by inserting before section 2115 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 2114. United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska ‘‘Commissioned officers may be appointed as United States Deputy Marshals in Alas-ka.’’; (4) by inserting before section 2141 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—DISCHARGES; RETIRE-MENTS; REVOCATION OF COMMIS-SIONS; SEPARATION FOR CAUSE’’; and (5) by inserting before section 2181 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’. SEC. 113. CHAPTER 23. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 23 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 23—PERSONNEL; ENLISTED ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2301. Recruiting campaigns. ‘‘2302. Enlistments; term, grade. ‘‘2303. Promotion. ‘‘2304. Compulsory retirement at age of sixty-two. ‘‘2305. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service. ‘‘2306. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service. ‘‘2307. Retirement of enlisted members: in-crease in retired pay. ‘‘2308. Recall to active duty during war or na-tional emergency. ‘‘2309. Recall to active duty with consent of member. ‘‘2310. Relief of retired enlisted member pro-moted while on active duty. ‘‘2311. Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held. ‘‘2312. Extension of enlistments. ‘‘2313. Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of disability. ‘‘2314. Detention beyond term of enlistment. ‘‘2315. Inclusion of certain conditions in en-listment contract. ‘‘2316. Discharge within three months before expiration of enlistment. ‘‘2317. Aviation cadets; procurement; trans-fer. ‘‘2318. Aviation cadets; benefits. ‘‘2319. Critical skill training bonus.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 23 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 350 Recruiting cam-paigns 2301 
351 Enlistments; term, grade 2302 
352 Promotion 2303 
353 Compulsory retire-ment at age of sixty-two 2304 
354 Voluntary retire-ment after thirty years’ service 2305 
355 Voluntary retire-ment after twenty years’ service 2306 
357 Retirement of en-listed members: in-crease in retired pay 2307 
359 Recall to active duty during war or national emergency 2308 
360 Recall to active duty with consent of member 2309 
361 Relief of retired en-listed member pro-moted while on ac-tive duty 2310 
362 Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held 2311 
365 Extension of enlist-ments 2312 
366 Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of disability 2313 
367 Detention beyond term of enlistment 2314 
369 Inclusion of certain conditions in en-listment contract 2315 
370 Discharge within three months be-fore expiration of enlistment 2316 
371 Aviation cadets; procurement; transfer 2317 
372 Aviation cadets; benefits 2318 
374 Critical skill train-ing bonus 2319 
SEC. 114. CHAPTER 25. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6982 November 15, 2018 
‘‘CHAPTER 25—PERSONNEL; GENERAL PROVISIONS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2501. Grade on retirement. ‘‘2502. Retirement. ‘‘2503. Status of recalled personnel. ‘‘2504. Computation of retired pay. ‘‘2505. Limitations on retirement and retired pay. ‘‘2506. Suspension of payment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecution. ‘‘2507. Board for Correction of Military Records deadline. ‘‘2508. Emergency leave retention authority. ‘‘2509. Prohibition of certain involuntary ad-ministrative separations. ‘‘2510. Sea service letters. ‘‘2511. Investigations of flag officers and Sen-ior Executive Service employ-ees. ‘‘2512. Leave policies for the Coast Guard. ‘‘2513. Computation of length of service. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE  ‘‘2531. Personnel of former Lighthouse Serv-ice.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 25 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
334 Grade on retire-ment 2501 
421 Retirement 2502 
422 Status of recalled personnel 2503 
423 Computation of re-tired pay 2504 
424 Limitations on re-tirement and re-tired pay 2505 
424a Suspension of pay-ment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecution 2506 
425 Board for Correc-tion of Military Records deadline 2507 
426 Emergency leave retention authority 2508 
427 Prohibition of cer-tain involuntary administrative sep-arations 2509 
428 Sea service letters 2510 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
430 Investigations of flag officers and Senior Executive Service employees 2511 
431 Leave policies for the Coast Guard 2512 
467 Computation of length of service 2513 
432 Personnel of former Lighthouse Service 2531 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2501 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; and (2) by inserting before section 2531 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE’’. 
SEC. 115. PART III. 
Part III of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
SEC. 116. CHAPTER 27. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 27—PAY, ALLOWANCES, AWARDS, AND OTHER RIGHTS AND BEN-EFITS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —PERSONNEL RIGHTS AND  
BENEFITS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2701. Procurement of personnel. ‘‘2702. Training. ‘‘2703. Contingent expenses. ‘‘2704. Equipment to prevent accidents. ‘‘2705. Clothing at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2706. Right to wear uniform. ‘‘2707. Protection of uniform. ‘‘2708. Clothing for officers and enlisted per-sonnel. ‘‘2709. Procurement and sale of stores to members and civilian employ-ees. ‘‘2710. Disposition of effects of decedents. ‘‘2711. Deserters; payment of expenses inci-dent to apprehension and deliv-ery; penalties. ‘‘2712. Payment for the apprehension of stragglers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —AWARDS  ‘‘2731. Delegation of powers to make awards; rules and regulations. ‘‘2732. Medal of honor. ‘‘2733. Medal of honor: duplicate medal. ‘‘2734. Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag. ‘‘2735. Coast Guard cross. ‘‘2736. Distinguished service medal. ‘‘2737. Silver star medal. ‘‘2738. Distinguished flying cross. ‘‘2739. Coast Guard medal. ‘‘2740. Insignia for additional awards. ‘‘2741. Time limit on award; report con-cerning deed. ‘‘2742. Honorable subsequent service as condi-tion to award. ‘‘2743. Posthumous awards. ‘‘2744. Life-saving medals. ‘‘2745. Replacement of medals. ‘‘2746. Award of other medals. ‘‘2747. Awards and insignia for excellence in service or conduct. ‘‘2748. Presentation of United States flag upon retirement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III —PAYMENTS  ‘‘2761. Persons discharged as result of court- martial; allowances to. ‘‘2762. Shore patrol duty; payment of ex-penses. ‘‘2763. Compensatory absence from duty for military personnel at isolated duty stations. ‘‘2764. Monetary allowance for transpor-tation of household effects. ‘‘2765. Retroactive payment of pay and allow-ances delayed by administra-tive error or oversight. ‘‘2766. Travel card management. ‘‘2767. Reimbursement for medical-related travel expenses for certain per-sons residing on islands in the continental United States. ‘‘2768. Annual audit of pay and allowances of members undergoing perma-nent change of station. ‘‘2769. Remission of indebtedness. ‘‘2770. Special instruction at universities. ‘‘2771. Attendance at professional meetings. ‘‘2772. Education loan repayment program. ‘‘2773. Rations or commutation therefor in money. ‘‘2774. Sales of ration supplies to messes. ‘‘2775. Flight rations. ‘‘2776. Payments at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2777. Clothing for destitute shipwrecked persons. ‘‘2778. Advancement of public funds to per-sonnel. ‘‘2779. Transportation to and from certain places of employment.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 27 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
468 Procurement of personnel 2701 
469 Training 2702 
476 Contingent ex-penses 2703 
477 Equipment to pre-vent accidents 2704 
482 Clothing at time of discharge for good of service 2705 
483 Right to wear uni-form 2706 
484 Protection of uni-form 2707 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6983 November 15, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
485 Clothing for offi-cers and enlisted personnel 2708 
487 Procurement and sale of stores to members and civil-ian employees 2709 
507 Disposition of ef-fects of decedents 2710 
508 Deserters; payment of expenses inci-dent to apprehen-sion and delivery; penalties 2711 
644 Payment for the apprehension of stragglers 2712 
499 Delegation of pow-ers to make awards; rules and regulations 2731 
491 Medal of honor 2732 
504 Medal of honor: du-plicate medal 2733 
505 Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag 2734 
491a Coast Guard cross 2735 
492 Distinguished serv-ice medal 2736 
492a Silver star medal 2737 
492b Distinguished fly-ing cross 2738 
493 Coast Guard medal 2739 
494 Insignia for addi-tional awards 2740 
496 Time limit on award; report con-cerning deed 2741 
497 Honorable subse-quent service as condition to award 2742 
498 Posthumous awards 2743 
500 Life-saving medals 2744 
501 Replacement of medals 2745 
502 Award of other medals 2746 
503 Awards and insig-nia for excellence in service or con-duct 2747 
516 Presentation of United States flag upon retirement 2748 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
509 Persons discharged as result of court- martial; allowances to 2761 
510 Shore patrol duty; payment of ex-penses 2762 
511 Compensatory ab-sence from duty for military personnel at isolated duty stations 2763 
512 Monetary allow-ance for transpor-tation of household effects 2764 
513 Retroactive pay-ment of pay and al-lowances delayed by administrative error or oversight 2765 
517 Travel card man-agement 2766 
518 Reimbursement for medical-related travel expenses for certain persons re-siding on islands in the continental United States 2767 
519 Annual audit of pay and allowances of members under-going permanent change of station 2768 
461 Remission of in-debtedness 2769 
470 Special instruction at universities 2770 
471 Attendance at pro-fessional meetings 2771 
472 Education loan re-payment program 2772 
478 Rations or com-mutation therefor in money 2773 
479 Sales of ration sup-plies to messes 2774 
480 Flight rations 2775 
481 Payments at time of discharge for good of service 2776 
486 Clothing for des-titute shipwrecked persons 2777 
488 Advancement of public funds to per-sonnel 2778 
660 Transportation to and from certain places of employ-ment 2779 (c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2701 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—PERSONNEL RIGHTS AND BENEFITS’’; (2) by inserting before section 2731 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—AWARDS’’; and (3) by inserting before section 2761 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PAYMENTS’’. 
SEC. 117. CHAPTER 29. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 29—COAST GUARD FAMILY SUPPORT, CHILD CARE, AND HOUSING ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —COAST GUARD FAMILIES  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2901. Work-life policies and programs. ‘‘2902. Surveys of Coast Guard families. ‘‘2903. Reimbursement for adoption expenses. ‘‘2904. Education and training opportunities for Coast Guard spouses. ‘‘2905. Youth sponsorship initiatives. ‘‘2906. Dependent school children. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —COAST GUARD CHILD CARE  ‘‘2921. Definitions. ‘‘2922. Child development services. ‘‘2923. Child development center standards and inspections. ‘‘2924. Child development center employees. ‘‘2925. Parent partnerships with child devel-opment centers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —HOUSING  ‘‘2941. Definitions. ‘‘2942. General authority. ‘‘2943. Leasing and hiring of quarters; rental of inadequate housing. ‘‘2944. Retired service members and depend-ents serving on advisory com-mittees. ‘‘2945. Conveyance of real property. ‘‘2946. Coast Guard Housing Fund. ‘‘2947. Reports.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 29 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
531 Work-life policies and programs 2901 
532 Surveys of Coast Guard families 2902 
541 Reimbursement for adoption expenses 2903 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6984 November 15, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
542 Education and training opportuni-ties for Coast Guard spouses 2904 
543 Youth sponsorship initiatives 2905 
544 Dependent school children 2906 
551 Definitions 2921 
552 Child development services 2922 
553 Child development center standards and inspections 2923 
554 Child development center employees 2924 
555 Parent partner-ships with child de-velopment centers 2925 
680 Definitions 2941 
681 General authority 2942 
475 Leasing and hiring of quarters; rental of inadequate hous-ing 2943 
680 Retired service members and de-pendents serving on advisory commit-tees 2944 
685 Conveyance of real property 2945 
687 Coast Guard Hous-ing Fund 2946 
688 Reports 2947 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2901 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—COAST GUARD FAMILIES’’; (2) by inserting before section 2921 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—COAST GUARD CHILD CARE’’; and (3) by inserting before section 2941 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—HOUSING’’. 
SEC. 118. SUBTITLE III AND CHAPTER 37. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 29 (as amended by section 117) the following: ‘‘Subtitle III—Coast Guard Reserve and Auxiliary ‘‘Chap. Sec. ‘‘37. Coast Guard Reserve..................3701 ‘‘39. Coast Guard Auxiliary................3901 ‘‘41. General Provisions for Coast Guard Reserve and Auxiliary.......4101 ‘‘CHAPTER 1—COAST GUARD RESERVE ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I —ADMINISTRATION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3701. Organization. ‘‘3702. Authorized strength. ‘‘3703. Coast Guard Reserve Boards. ‘‘3704. Grades and ratings; military author-ity. ‘‘3705. Benefits. ‘‘3706. Temporary members of the Reserve; eligibility and compensation. ‘‘3707. Temporary members of the Reserve; disability or death benefits. ‘‘3708. Temporary members of the Reserve; certificate of honorable service. ‘‘3709. Reserve student aviation pilots; Re-serve aviation pilots; appoint-ments in commissioned grade. ‘‘3710. Reserve student pre-commissioning as-sistance program. ‘‘3711. Appointment or wartime promotion; retention of grade upon release from active duty. ‘‘3712. Exclusiveness of service. ‘‘3713. Active duty for emergency augmenta-tion of regular forces. ‘‘3714. Enlistment of members engaged in schooling. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —PERSONNEL  ‘‘3731. Definitions. ‘‘3732. Applicability of this subchapter. ‘‘3733. Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency. ‘‘3734. Effect of this subchapter on retire-ment and retired pay. ‘‘3735. Authorized number of officers. ‘‘3736. Precedence. ‘‘3737. Running mates. ‘‘3738. Constructive credit upon initial ap-pointment. ‘‘3739. Promotion of Reserve officers on ac-tive duty. ‘‘3740. Promotion; recommendations of selec-tion boards. ‘‘3741. Selection boards; appointment. ‘‘3742. Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system. ‘‘3743. Eligibility for promotion. ‘‘3744. Recommendation for promotion of an officer previously removed from an active status. ‘‘3745. Qualifications for promotion. ‘‘3746. Promotion; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘3747. Date of rank upon promotion; entitle-ment to pay. ‘‘3748. Type of promotion; temporary. ‘‘3749. Effect of removal by the President or failure of consent of the Senate. ‘‘3750. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘3751. Failure of selection and removal from an active status. ‘‘3752. Retention boards; removal from an ac-tive status to provide a flow of promotion. ‘‘3753. Maximum ages for retention in an ac-tive status. ‘‘3754. Rear admiral and rear admiral (lower half); maximum service in grade. ‘‘3755. Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer. ‘‘3756. Grade on entry upon active duty. ‘‘3757. Recall of a retired officer; grade upon release.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 37 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 701 Organization 3701 
702 Authorized strength 3702 
703 Coast Guard Re-serve Boards 3703 
704 Grades and ratings; military authority 3704 
705 Benefits 3705 
706 Temporary mem-bers of the Reserve; eligibility and com-pensation 3706 
707 Temporary mem-bers of the Reserve; disability or death benefits 3707 
708 Temporary mem-bers of the Reserve; certificate of hon-orable service 3708 
709 Reserve student aviation pilots; Re-serve aviation pi-lots; appointments in commissioned grade 3709 
709a Reserve student pre-commissioning assistance program 3710 
710 Appointment or wartime pro-motion; retention of grade upon re-lease from active duty 3711 
711 Exclusiveness of service 3712 
712 Active duty for emergency aug-mentation of reg-ular forces 3713 
713 Enlistment of members engaged in schooling 3714 
720 Definitions 3731 
721 Applicability of this subchapter 3732 
722 Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency 3733 
723 Effect of this sub-chapter on retire-ment and retired pay 3734 
724 Authorized number of officers 3735 
725 Precedence 3736 
726 Running mates 3737 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6985 November 15, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
727 Constructive credit upon initial ap-pointment 3738 
728 Promotion of Re-serve officers on ac-tive duty 3739 
729 Promotion; rec-ommendations of selection boards 3740 
730 Selection boards; appointment 3741 
731 Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system 3742 
732 Eligibility for pro-motion 3743 
733 Recommendation for promotion of an officer previously removed from an active status 3744 
734 Qualifications for promotion 3745 
735 Promotion; accept-ance; oath of office 3746 
736 Date of rank upon promotion; entitle-ment to pay 3747 
737 Type of promotion; temporary 3748 
738 Effect of removal by the President or failure of consent of the Senate 3749 
739 Failure of selection for promotion 3750 
740 Failure of selection and removal from an active status 3751 
741 Retention boards; removal from an active status to provide a flow of promotion 3752 
742 Maximum ages for retention in an ac-tive status 3753 
743 Rear admiral and rear admiral (lower half); maximum service in grade 3754 
744 Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer 3755 
745 Grade on entry upon active duty 3756 
746 Recall of a retired officer; grade upon release 3757 (c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 37 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 3701 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION’’; and (2) by inserting before section 3731 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—PERSONNEL’’. 
SEC. 119. CHAPTER 39. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 37 (as added by section 118) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 39—COAST GUARD AUXILIARY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3901. Administration of the Coast Guard Auxiliary. ‘‘3902. Purpose of the Coast Guard Auxiliary. ‘‘3903. Eligibility; enrollments. ‘‘3904. Members of the Auxiliary; status. ‘‘3905. Disenrollment. ‘‘3906. Membership in other organizations. ‘‘3907. Use of member’s facilities. ‘‘3908. Vessel deemed public vessel. ‘‘3909. Aircraft deemed public aircraft. ‘‘3910. Radio station deemed government sta-tion. ‘‘3911. Availability of appropriations. ‘‘3912. Assignment and performance of duties. ‘‘3913. Injury or death in line of duty.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 39 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
821 Administration of the Coast Guard Auxiliary 3901 
822 Purpose of the Coast Guard Auxil-iary 3902 
823 Eligibility; enroll-ments 3903 
823a Members of the Auxiliary; status 3904 
824 Disenrollment 3905 
825 Membership in other organizations 3906 
826 Use of member’s fa-cilities 3907 
827 Vessel deemed pub-lic vessel 3908 
828 Aircraft deemed public aircraft 3909 
829 Radio station deemed govern-ment station 3910 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
830 Availability of ap-propriations 3911 
831 Assignment and performance of du-ties 3912 
832 Injury or death in line of duty 3913 
SEC. 120. CHAPTER 41. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 39 (as added by section 119) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 41—GENERAL PROVISIONS FOR COAST GUARD RESERVE AND AUXILIARY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘4101. Flags; pennants; uniforms and insig-nia. ‘‘4102. Penalty. ‘‘4103. Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and temporary members of the Reserve. ‘‘4104. Availability of facilities and appro-priations.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 41 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
891 Flags; pennants; uniforms and insig-nia 4101 
892 Penalty 4102 
893 Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and temporary members of the Re-serve 4103 
894 Availability of fa-cilities and appro-priations 4104 
SEC. 121. SUBTITLE IV AND CHAPTER 49. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 41 (as added by section 120) the following: ‘‘Subtitle IV—Coast Guard Authorizations and Reports to Congress ‘‘Chap. Sec. ‘‘49. Authorizations............................4901 ‘‘51. Reports.......................................5101 ‘‘CHAPTER 49—AUTHORIZATIONS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘4901. Requirement for prior authorization of appropriations. ‘‘4902. Authorization of appropriations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6986 November 15, 2018 
‘‘4903. Authorization of personnel end strengths. ‘‘4904. Authorized levels of military strength and training.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 49 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
2701 Requirement for prior authorization of appropriations 4901 
2702 Authorization of appropriations 4902 
2703 Authorization of personnel end strengths 4903 
2704 Authorized levels of military strength and training 4904 
SEC. 122. CHAPTER 51. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 49 (as added by section 121) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 51—REPORTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘5101. Transmission of annual Coast Guard authorization request. ‘‘5102. Capital investment plan. ‘‘5103. Major acquisitions. ‘‘5104. Manpower requirements plan. ‘‘5105. Inventory of real property. ‘‘5106. Annual performance report. ‘‘5107. Major acquisition risk assessment.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 51 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
2901 Transmission of an-nual Coast Guard authorization re-quest 5101 
2902 Capital investment plan 5102 
2903 Major acquisitions 5103 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
2904 Manpower require-ments plan 5104 
679 Inventory of real property 5105 
2905 Annual perform-ance report 5106 
2906 Major acquisition risk assessment 5107 
SEC. 123. REFERENCES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) R
EDESIGNATED SECTION .—The term ‘‘re-designated section’’ means a section of title 14, United States Code, that is redesignated by this title, as that section is so redesig-nated. (2) S
OURCE SECTION .—The term ‘‘source sec-tion’’ means a section of title 14, United States Code, that is redesignated by this title, as that section was in effect before the redesignation. (b) R
EFERENCE TO SOURCE SECTION .— (1) T
REATMENT OF REFERENCE .—A reference to a source section, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding redesignated section. (2) T
ITLE 14 .—In title 14, United States Code, each reference in the text of such title to a source section is amended by striking such reference and inserting a reference to the appropriate, as determined using the ta-bles located in this title, redesignated sec-tion. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
EFERENCE TO SECTION 182 .—Section 1923(c) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 182’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1922’’. (2) R
EFERENCES TO CHAPTER 11 .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in section 2146(d), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 11 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’; and (B) in section 3739, as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 11’’ each place that it appears and inserting ‘‘chapter 21’’. (3) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 13 .—Section 3705(b) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘chapter 13’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 27’’. (4) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 15 .—Section 308(b)(3) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘chapter 15’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 11’’. (5) R
EFERENCES TO CHAPTER 19 .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in section 4901(4), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 19’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 318’’; and (B) in section 4902(4), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 19’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 318’’. (6) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 23 .—Section 701(a) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘chapter 23’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 39’’. 
SEC. 124. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
This title, including the amendments made by this title, is intended only to reorganize title 14, United States Code, and may not be construed to alter— (1) the effect of a provision of title 14, United States Code, including any authority or requirement therein; (2) a department or agency interpretation with respect to title 14, United States Code; or (3) a judicial interpretation with respect to title 14, United States Code. TITLE II—AUTHORIZATIONS SEC. 201. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED BY TITLE I OF THIS ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provi-sion of title 14, United States Code, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. 
SEC. 202. AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 4902. Authorizations of appropriations ‘‘(a) F
ISCAL YEAR2018.—Funds are author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for, $7,210,313,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, ren-ovation, and improvement of aids to naviga-tion, shore facilities, vessels, aircraft, and systems, including equipment related there-to, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equip-ment, $2,694,745,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services, $114,875,000 for fis-cal year 2018. ‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 3 of this title, $13,397,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(5) To the Commandant for research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation of tech-nologies, materials, and human factors di-rectly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mission with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine environmental protection, en-forcement of laws and treaties, ice oper-ations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilita-tion, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $29,141,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(b) F
ISCAL YEAR2019.—Funds are author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: ‘‘(1)(A) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for, $7,914,195,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(B) Of the amount authorized under sub-paragraph (A)— ‘‘(i) $16,701,000 shall be for environmental compliance and restoration; and ‘‘(ii) $199,360,000 shall be for the Coast Guard’s Medicare-eligible retiree health care fund contribution to the Department of De-fense. ‘‘(2) For the procurement, construction, renovation, and improvement of aids to navi-gation, shore facilities, vessels, aircraft, and systems, including equipment related there-to, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equip-ment, $2,694,745,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(3) To the Commandant for research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation of tech-nologies, materials, and human factors di-rectly related to improving the performance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6987 November 15, 2018 
of the Coast Guard’s mission with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine environmental protection, en-forcement of laws and treaties, ice oper-ations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilita-tion, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $29,141,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. (b) R
EPEAL .—On October 1, 2018— (1) section 4902(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall be repealed; and (2) subsection 4902(b) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall be amended by striking ‘‘(b) F
ISCAL  Y
EAR2019.—’’. 
SEC. 203. AUTHORIZED LEVELS OF MILITARY STRENGTH AND TRAINING. 
Section 4904 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2018 and 44,500 for fiscal year 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’. 
SEC. 204. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR FAST RESPONSE CUTTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts author-ized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $167,500,000 is authorized for the acquisition of 3 Fast Response Cutters. (b) T
REATMENT OF ACQUIRED CUTTERS .— Any cutters acquired pursuant to subsection (a) shall be in addition to the 58 cutters ap-proved under the existing acquisition base-line. 
SEC. 205. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR SHORESIDE INFRASTRUCTURE. 
Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $167,500,000 is authorized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to fund the ac-quisition, construction, rebuilding, or im-provement of Coast Guard shoreside infra-structure and facilities necessary to support Coast Guard operations and readiness. 
SEC. 206. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR AIR-CRAFT IMPROVEMENTS. 
Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $3,500,000 is authorized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to fund anal-ysis and program development for improve-ments to or the replacement of rotary-wing aircraft. TITLE III—COAST GUARD 
SEC. 301. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED BY TITLE I OF THIS ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provi-sion of title 14, United States Code, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. 
SEC. 302. PRIMARY DUTIES. 
Section 102(7) of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(7) maintain a state of readiness to assist in the defense of the United States, including when functioning as a specialized service in the Navy pursuant to section 103.’’. 
SEC. 303. NATIONAL COAST GUARD MUSEUM. 
Section 316 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 316. National Coast Guard Museum ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Commandant may establish a National Coast Guard Mu-seum, on lands which will be federally owned and administered by the Coast Guard, and are located in New London, Connecticut, at, or in close proximity to, the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(b) LIMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall not expend any funds appropriated to the Coast Guard on the construction of any museum established under this section. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall fund the National Coast Guard Museum with nonappropriated and non-Federal funds to the maximum ex-tent practicable. The priority use of Federal funds should be to preserve and protect his-toric Coast Guard artifacts, including the de-sign, fabrication, and installation of exhibits or displays in which such artifacts are in-cluded. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may expend funds ap-propriated to the Coast Guard on the engi-neering and design of a National Coast Guard Museum. ‘‘(c) F
UNDING PLAN.—Before the date on which the Commandant establishes a Na-tional Coast Guard Museum under sub-section (a), the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan for constructing, operating, and maintaining such a museum, including— ‘‘(1) estimated planning, engineering, de-sign, construction, operation, and mainte-nance costs; ‘‘(2) the extent to which appropriated, non-appropriated, and non-Federal funds will be used for such purposes, including the extent to which there is any shortfall in funding for engineering, design, or construction; and ‘‘(3) a certification by the Inspector Gen-eral of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating that the estimates pro-vided pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) are reasonable and realistic. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORITY .—The Commandant may not establish a National Coast Guard mu-seum except as set forth in this section.’’. 
SEC. 304. UNMANNED AIRCRAFT. 
(a) L AND-BASED UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYS-
TEM PROGRAM .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 319. Land-based unmanned aircraft system program ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary shall establish a land-based unmanned aircraft system program under the control of the Commandant. ‘‘(b) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘unmanned aircraft system’ has the meaning given that term in section 331 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON UNMANNED AIRCRAFT  S
YSTEMS .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1155 the following: ‘‘§ 1156. Limitation on unmanned aircraft sys-tems ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—During any fiscal year for which funds are appropriated for the de-sign or construction of an Offshore Patrol Cutter, the Commandant— ‘‘(1) may not award a contract for design of an unmanned aircraft system for use by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(2) may lease, acquire, or acquire the services of an unmanned aircraft system only if such system— ‘‘(A) has been part of a program of record of, procured by, or used by a Federal entity (or funds for research, development, test, and evaluation have been received from a Fed-eral entity with regard to such system) be-fore the date on which the Commandant leases, acquires, or acquires the services of the system; and ‘‘(B) is leased, acquired, or utilized by the Commandant through an agreement with a Federal entity, unless such an agreement is not practicable or would be less cost-effec-tive than an independent contract action by the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT EXEMP -
TION.—Subsection (a)(2) does not apply to small unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘small unmanned aircraft’ and ‘un-manned aircraft system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
HAPTER 3 .—The analysis for chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘319. Land-based unmanned aircraft system program.’’. (2) C
HAPTER 11 .—The analysis for chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1155 the following: ‘‘1156. Limitation on unmanned aircraft sys-tems.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 1105 of title 14, United States Code, is repealed. 
SEC. 305. COAST GUARD HEALTH-CARE PROFES-SIONALS; LICENSURE PORTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 507 the following: ‘‘§ 508. Coast Guard health-care professionals; licensure portability ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law regarding the licen-sure of health-care providers, a health-care professional described in subsection (b) may practice the health profession or professions of the health-care professional at any loca-tion in any State, the District of Columbia, or a Commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States, regardless of where such health-care professional or the patient is located, if the practice is within the scope of the authorized Federal duties of such health-care professional. ‘‘(b) D
ESCRIBED INDIVIDUALS .—A health- care professional described in this subsection is an individual— ‘‘(1) who is— ‘‘(A) a member of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(B) a civilian employee of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(C) a member of the Public Health Serv-ice who is assigned to the Coast Guard; or ‘‘(D) any other health-care professional credentialed and privileged at a Federal health-care institution or location specially designated by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) who— ‘‘(A) has a current license to practice medi-cine, osteopathic medicine, dentistry, or an-other health profession; and ‘‘(B) is performing authorized duties for the Coast Guard. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘license’ and ‘health-care professional’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 1094(e) of title 10.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 507 the following: ‘‘508. Coast Guard health-care professionals; licensure portability.’’. (c) E
LECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS .— (1) S
YSTEM .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard is authorized to procure for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6988 November 15, 2018 
Coast Guard an electronic health record sys-tem that— (A) has been competitively awarded by the Department of Defense; and (B) ensures full integration with the De-partment of Defense electronic health record systems. (2) S
UPPORT SERVICES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant is au-thorized to procure support services for the electronic health record system procured under paragraph (1) necessary to ensure full integration with the Department of Defense electronic health record systems. (B) S
COPE.—Support services procured pur-suant to this paragraph may include services for the following: (i) System integration support. (ii) Hosting support. (iii) Training, testing, technical, and data migration support. (iv) Hardware support. (v) Any other support the Commandant considers appropriate. (3) A
UTHORIZED PROCUREMENT ACTIONS .— The Commandant is authorized to procure an electronic health record system under this subsection through the following: (A) A task order under the Department of Defense electronic health record contract. (B) A sole source contract award. (C) An agreement made pursuant to sec-tions 1535 and 1536 of title 31, United States Code. (D) A contract or other procurement vehi-cle otherwise authorized. (4) C
OMPETITION IN CONTRACTING ; EXEMP -
TION.—Procurement of an electronic health record system and support services pursuant to this subsection shall be exempt from the competition requirements of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 306. TRAINING; EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 718. Training; emergency response pro-viders ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Commandant may, on a reimbursable or a non-reimbursable basis, make a training available to emer-gency response providers whenever the Com-mandant determines that— ‘‘(1) a member of the Coast Guard, who is scheduled to participate in such training, is unable or unavailable to participate in such training; ‘‘(2) no other member of the Coast Guard, who is assigned to the unit to which the member of the Coast Guard who is unable or unavailable to participate in such training is assigned, is able or available to participate in such training; and ‘‘(3) such training, if made available to such emergency response providers, would further the goal of interoperability among Federal agencies, non-Federal governmental agencies, or both. ‘‘(b) E
MERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘emergency response providers’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT .—Any reimbursements for a training that the Coast Guard receives under this section shall be credited to the appropriation used to pay the costs for such training. ‘‘(d) S
TATUS ; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .— ‘‘(1) S
TATUS .—Any individual to whom, as an emergency response provider, training is made available under this section, who is not otherwise a Federal employee, shall not, be-cause of that training, be considered a Fed-eral employee for any purpose (including the purposes of chapter 81 of title 5 (relating to compensation for injury) and sections 2671 through 2680 of title 28 (relating to tort claims)). ‘‘(2) LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for actions taken by an individual in the course of training made available under this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘718. Training; emergency response pro-viders.’’. 
SEC. 307. INCENTIVE CONTRACTS FOR COAST GUARD YARD AND INDUSTRIAL ES-TABLISHMENTS. 
Section 939 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘The Secretary may’’ the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’; (2) in subsection (a), as so designated by paragraph (1) of this section, by striking the period at the end of the last sentence and in-serting ‘‘or in accordance with subsection (b).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) I
NCENTIVE CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) The parties to an order for industrial work to be performed by the Coast Guard Yard or a Coast Guard industrial establish-ment designated under subsection (a) may enter into an order or a cost-plus-incentive- fee order in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) If such parties enter into such an order or a cost-plus-incentive-fee order, an agreed- upon amount of any adjustment described in subsection (a) may be distributed as an in-centive to the wage-grade industrial employ-ees who complete the order. ‘‘(3) Before entering into such an order or cost-plus-incentive-fee order such parties must agree that the wage-grade employees of the Coast Guard Yard or Coast Guard indus-trial establishment will take action to im-prove the delivery schedule or technical per-formance agreed to in the order for indus-trial work to which such parties initially agreed. ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if the industrial workforce of the Coast Guard Yard or Coast Guard industrial establishment satisfies the performance tar-get established in such an order or cost-plus- incentive-fee order— ‘‘(A) the adjustment to be made pursuant to subsection (a) shall be reduced by an agreed-upon amount and distributed to such wage-grade industrial employees; and ‘‘(B) the remainder of the adjustment shall be credited to the appropriation for such order current at that time.’’. 
SEC. 308. CONFIDENTIAL INVESTIGATIVE EX-PENSES. 
Section 944 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$45,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$250,000’’. 
SEC. 309. REGULAR CAPTAINS; RETIREMENT. 
Section 2149(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘zone is’’ and inserting ‘‘zone, or from being placed at the top of the list of selectees promulgated by the Sec-retary under section 2121(a) of this title, is’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘or placed at the top of the list of se-lectees, as applicable.’’. 
SEC. 310. CONVERSION, ALTERATION, AND RE-PAIR PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 951 the following: ‘‘§ 952. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects ‘‘The assignment of Coast Guard vessel conversion, alteration, and repair projects shall be based on economic and military con-siderations and may not be restricted by a requirement that certain parts of Coast Guard shipwork be assigned to a particular type of shipyard or geographical area or by a similar requirement.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 951 the following: ‘‘952. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects.’’. 
SEC. 311. CONTRACTING FOR MAJOR ACQUISI-TIONS PROGRAMS. 
(a) G ENERAL ACQUISITION AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 501(d) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘aircraft, and sys-tems,’’ after ‘‘vessels,’’. (b) C
ONTRACTING AUTHORITY .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 1136 the following: ‘‘§ 1137. Contracting for major acquisitions programs ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In carrying out authori-ties provided to the Secretary to design, con-struct, accept, or otherwise acquire assets and systems under section 501(d), the Sec-retary, acting through the Commandant or the head of an integrated program office es-tablished for a major acquisition program, may enter into contracts for a major acquisi-tion program. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED METHODS .—Contracts en-tered into under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) may be block buy contracts; ‘‘(2) may be incrementally funded; ‘‘(3) may include combined purchases, also known as economic order quantity pur-chases, of— ‘‘(A) materials and components; and ‘‘(B) long lead time materials; and ‘‘(4) as provided in section 2306b of title 10, may be multiyear contracts. ‘‘(c) S
UBJECT TO APPROPRIATIONS .—Any contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of amounts specifically provided in advance for that purpose in subsequent appropriations Acts.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 1136 the following: ‘‘1137. Contracting for major acquisitions programs.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The fol- lowing provisions are repealed: (1) Section 223 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (14 U.S.C. 1152 note), and the item relat-ing to that section in the table of contents in section 2 of such Act. (2) Section 221(a) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (14 U.S.C. 1133 note). (3) Section 207(a) of the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2016 (14 U.S.C. 561 note). (e) I
NTERNAL REGULATIONS AND POLICY .— Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall establish the internal regulations and policies necessary to exercise the au-thorities provided under this section, includ-ing the amendments made in this section. (f) M
ULTIYEAR CONTRACTS .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating is authorized to enter into a multiyear contract for the procurement of a tenth, eleventh, and twelfth National Secu-rity Cutter and associated government-fur-nished equipment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6989 November 15, 2018 
SEC. 312. OFFICER PROMOTION ZONES. 
Section 2111(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘six-tenths.’’ and inserting ‘‘one-half.’’. 
SEC. 313. CROSS REFERENCE. 
Section 2129(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘designated under section 2317’’ after ‘‘cadet’’. 
SEC. 314. COMMISSIONED SERVICE RETIREMENT. 
For Coast Guard officers who retire in fis-cal year 2018 or 2019, the President may re-duce the period of active commissioned serv-ice required under section 2152 of title 14, United States Code, to a period of not less than 8 years. 
SEC. 315. LEAVE FOR BIRTH OR ADOPTION OF CHILD. 
(a) P OLICY .—Section 2512 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 1 year’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), not later than 1 year’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) L
EAVE ASSOCIATED WITH BIRTH OR  A
DOPTION OF CHILD.—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), sections 701 and 704 of title 10, or any other provision of law, all officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard shall be authorized leave associated with the birth or adoption of a child during the 1-year period immediately following such birth or adop-tion and, at the discretion of the Com-manding Officer, such officer or enlisted member shall be permitted— ‘‘(1) to take such leave in increments; and ‘‘(2) to use flexible work schedules (pursu-ant to a program established by the Sec-retary in accordance with chapter 61 of title 5).’’. (b) F
LEXIBLE WORKSCHEDULES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall en-sure that a flexible work schedule program under chapter 61 of title 5, United States Code, is in place for officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 316. CLOTHING AT TIME OF DISCHARGE. 
Section 2705 of title 14, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 27 of that title, are re-pealed. 
SEC. 317. UNFUNDED PRIORITIES LIST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5102 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget pursuant to sec-tion 1105 of title 31, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a capital investment plan for the Coast Guard that identifies for each capital asset for which appropriations are proposed in that budget— ‘‘(1) the proposed appropriations included in the budget; ‘‘(2) the total estimated cost of completion based on the proposed appropriations in-cluded in the budget; ‘‘(3) projected funding levels for each fiscal year for the next 5 fiscal years or until project completion, whichever is earlier; ‘‘(4) an estimated completion date based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget; ‘‘(5) an acquisition program baseline, as ap-plicable; and ‘‘(6) projected commissioning and decom-missioning dates for each asset.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘new capital asset’ means— ‘‘(1) an acquisition program that does not have an approved acquisition program base-line; or ‘‘(2) the acquisition of a capital asset in ex-cess of the number included in the approved acquisition program baseline.’’. (b) U
NFUNDED PRIORITIES .—Chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5108. Unfunded priorities list ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget pursuant to sec-tion 1105 of title 31, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a list of each unfunded priority for the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) P
RIORITIZATION .—The list required under subsection (a) shall present the un-funded priorities in order from the highest priority to the lowest, as determined by the Commandant. ‘‘(c) U
NFUNDED PRIORITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘unfunded priority’ means a program or mission requirement that— ‘‘(1) has not been selected for funding in the applicable proposed budget; ‘‘(2) is necessary to fulfill a requirement associated with an operational need; and ‘‘(3) the Commandant would have rec-ommended for inclusion in the applicable proposed budget had additional resources been available or had the requirement emerged before the budget was submitted.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘5108. Unfunded priorities list.’’. 
SEC. 318. SAFETY OF VESSELS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 527 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ naval ves- sels’’ and inserting ‘‘vessels of the Armed Forces’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘United States naval vessel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the Armed Forces’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘senior naval officer present in command’’ and inserting ‘‘senior officer present in command’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘United States naval ves-sel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the Armed Forces’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) For purposes of this title, the term ‘vessel of the Armed Forces’ means— ‘‘(1) any vessel owned or operated by the Department of Defense or the Coast Guard, other than a time- or voyage-chartered ves-sel; and ‘‘(2) any vessel owned and operated by the Department of Transportation that is des-ignated by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating as a vessel equivalent to a vessel described in paragraph (1).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by striking the item re-lating to section 527 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘527. Safety of vessels of the Armed Forces.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2510(a)(1) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Armed Forces’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘section 101(a) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 527(e)’’. SEC. 319. AIR FACILITIES. 
Section 912 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively; (3) in subsection (a) as redesignated— (A) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Prior to closing an air facility, the Secretary shall provide opportu-nities for public comment, including the con-vening of public meetings in communities in the area of responsibility of the air facility with regard to the proposed closure or ces-sation of operations at the air facility. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .—Prior to convening a public meeting under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall notify each congressional of-fice representing any portion of the area of responsibility of the air station that is the subject to such public meeting of the sched-ule and location of such public meeting.’’; (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) submit to the Congress a proposal for such closure, cessation, or reduction in oper-ations along with the budget of the Presi-dent submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31 that includes— ‘‘(i) a discussion of the determination made by the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) a report summarizing the public com-ments received by the Secretary under para-graph (3)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .—The Sec-retary may not close, cease operations, or significantly reduce personnel and use of a Coast Guard air facility for which a written notice is provided under paragraph (4)(A) until a period of 18 months beginning on the date on which such notice is provided has elapsed.’’. TITLE IV—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY 
SEC. 401. CODIFICATION OF PORTS AND WATER-WAYS SAFETY ACT. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .—Subtitle VII of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting before chapter 701 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 700—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER A —VESSEL OPERATIONS  ‘‘70001. Vessel traffic services. ‘‘70002. Special powers. ‘‘70003. Port access routes. ‘‘70004. Considerations by Secretary. ‘‘70005. International agreements. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER B —PORTS AND WATERWAYS  
SAFETY  ‘‘70011. Waterfront safety. ‘‘70012. Navigational hazards. ‘‘70013. Requirement to notify Coast Guard of release of objects into the navigable waters of the United States. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER C —CONDITION FOR ENTRY INTO  
PORTS IN THE UNITED STATES  ‘‘70021. Conditions for entry to ports in the united states. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER D —DEFINITIONS , REGULATIONS , 
ENFORCEMENT , INVESTIGATORY POWERS , AP-
PLICABILITY  ‘‘70031. Definitions. ‘‘70032. Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘70033. Limitation on application to foreign vessels. ‘‘70034. Regulations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6990 November 15, 2018 
‘‘70035. Investigatory powers. ‘‘70036. Enforcement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—VESSEL OPERATIONS ‘‘§ 70001. Vessel traffic services ‘‘(a) Subject to the requirements of section 70004, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) in any port or place under the jurisdic-tion of the United States, in the navigable waters of the United States, or in any area covered by an international agreement nego-tiated pursuant to section 70005, may con-struct, operate, maintain, improve, or ex-pand vessel traffic services, that consist of measures for controlling or supervising ves-sel traffic or for protecting navigation and the marine environment and that may in-clude one or more of reporting and operating requirements, surveillance and communica-tions systems, routing systems, and fair-ways; ‘‘(2) shall require appropriate vessels that operate in an area of a vessel traffic service to utilize or comply with that service; ‘‘(3)(A) may require vessels to install and use specified navigation equipment, commu-nications equipment, electronic relative mo-tion analyzer equipment, or any electronic or other device necessary to comply with a vessel traffic service or that is necessary in the interests of vessel safety. ‘‘(B) Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall not require fishing ves-sels under 300 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage meas-ured under section 14302 as prescribed by the Secretary under section 14104, or rec-reational vessels 65 feet or less to possess or use the equipment or devices required by this subsection solely under the authority of this chapter; ‘‘(4) may control vessel traffic in areas sub-ject to the jurisdiction of the United States that the Secretary determines to be haz-ardous, or under conditions of reduced visi-bility, adverse weather, vessel congestion, or other hazardous circumstances, by— ‘‘(A) specifying times of entry, movement, or departure; ‘‘(B) establishing vessel traffic routing schemes; ‘‘(C) establishing vessel size, speed, or draft limitations and vessel operating conditions; and ‘‘(D) restricting operation, in any haz-ardous area or under hazardous conditions, to vessels that have particular operating characteristics or capabilities that the Sec-retary considers necessary for safe operation under the circumstances; ‘‘(5) may require the receipt of prearrival messages from any vessel, destined for a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, in sufficient time to permit advance vessel traffic planning before port entry, which shall include any information that is not already a matter of record and that the Secretary determines necessary for the control of the vessel and the safety of the port or the marine environment; and ‘‘(6) may prohibit the use on vessels of electronic or other devices that interfere with communication and navigation equip-ment, except that such authority shall not apply to electronic or other devices certified to transmit in the maritime services by the Federal Communications Commission and used within the frequency bands 157.1875– 157.4375 MHz and 161.7875–162.0375 MHz. ‘‘(b) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements with public or private agencies, authorities, associations, institutions, corporations, organizations, or other persons to carry out the functions under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(A) A nongovernmental entity may not under this subsection carry out an inher-ently governmental function. ‘‘(B) As used in this paragraph, the term ‘inherently governmental function’ means any activity that is so intimately related to the public interest as to mandate perform-ance by an officer or employee of the Federal Government, including an activity that re-quires either the exercise of discretion in ap-plying the authority of the Government or the use of judgment in making a decision for the Government. ‘‘(c) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR COAST  G
UARD VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE PILOTS AND  N
ON-FEDERAL VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE OP-
ERATORS .— ‘‘(1) C
OAST GUARD VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE  
PILOTS .—Any pilot, acting in the course and scope of his or her duties while at a Coast Guard Vessel Traffic Service, who provides information, advice, or communication as-sistance while under the supervision of a Coast Guard officer, member, or employee shall not be liable for damages caused by or related to such assistance unless the acts or omissions of such pilot constitute gross neg-ligence or willful misconduct. ‘‘(2) N
ON-FEDERAL VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE  
OPERATORS .—An entity operating a non-Fed-eral vessel traffic information service or ad-visory service pursuant to a duly executed written agreement with the Coast Guard, and any pilot acting on behalf of such entity, is not liable for damages caused by or related to information, advice, or communication assistance provided by such entity or pilot while so operating or acting unless the acts or omissions of such entity or pilot con-stitute gross negligence or willful mis-conduct. ‘‘§ 70002. Special powers ‘‘The Secretary may order any vessel, in a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States or in the navigable waters of the United States, to operate or anchor in a manner the Secretary directs if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary has reasonable cause to believe such vessel does not comply with any regulation issued under section 70034 or any other applicable law or treaty; ‘‘(2) the Secretary determines such vessel does not satisfy the conditions for port entry set forth in section 70021 of this title; or ‘‘(3) by reason of weather, visibility, sea conditions, port congestion, other hazardous circumstances, or the condition of such ves-sel, the Secretary is satisfied such direction is justified in the interest of safety. ‘‘§ 70003. Port access routes ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TODESIGNATE .—Except as provided in subsection (b) and subject to the requirements of subsection (c), in order to provide safe access routes for the movement of vessel traffic proceeding to or from ports or places subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, the Secretary shall designate necessary fairways and traffic separation schemes for vessels operating in the terri-torial sea of the United States and in high seas approaches, outside the territorial sea, to such ports or places. Such a designation shall recognize, within the designated area, the paramount right of navigation over all other uses. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No designation may be made by the Secretary under this section if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines such a des-ignation, as implemented, would deprive any person of the effective exercise of a right granted by a lease or permit executed or issued under other applicable provisions of law; and ‘‘(B) such right has become vested before the time of publication of the notice re-quired by paragraph (1) of subsection (c). ‘‘(2) CONSULTATION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary shall make the determination under paragraph (1)(A) after consultation with the head of the agency responsible for executing the lease or issuing the permit. ‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATION OF OTHER USES.—Be- fore making a designation under subsection (a), and in accordance with the requirements of section 70004, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) undertake a study of the potential traffic density and the need for safe access routes for vessels in any area for which fair-ways or traffic separation schemes are pro-posed or that may otherwise be considered and publish notice of such undertaking in the Federal Register; ‘‘(2) in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Commerce, the Secretary of the Army, and the Governors of affected States, as their responsibilities may require, take into account all other uses of the area under consideration, including, as appropriate, the exploration for, or exploitation of, oil, gas, or other mineral resources, the construction or operation of deepwater ports or other structures on or above the seabed or subsoil of the submerged lands or the Outer Conti-nental Shelf of the United States, the estab-lishment or operation of marine or estuarine sanctuaries, and activities involving rec-reational or commercial fishing; and ‘‘(3) to the extent practicable, reconcile the need for safe access routes with the needs of all other reasonable uses of the area involved. ‘‘(d) S
TUDY .—In carrying out the Sec-retary’s responsibilities under subsection (c), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) proceed expeditiously to complete any study undertaken; and ‘‘(2) after completion of such a study, promptly— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of proposed rulemaking for the designation contemplated; or ‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register a no-tice that no designation is contemplated as a result of the study and the reason for such determination. ‘‘(e) I
MPLEMENTATION OF DESIGNATION .—In connection with a designation made under this section, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall issue reasonable rules and regu-lations governing the use of such designated areas, including rules and regulations re-garding the applicability of rules 9 and 10 of the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea, 1972, relating to narrow channels and traffic separation schemes, re-spectively, in waters where such regulations apply; ‘‘(2) to the extent that the Secretary finds reasonable and necessary to effectuate the purposes of the designation, make the use of designated fairways and traffic separation schemes mandatory for specific types and sizes of vessels, foreign and domestic, oper-ating in the territorial sea of the United States and for specific types and sizes of ves-sels of the United States operating on the high seas beyond the territorial sea of the United States; ‘‘(3) may, from time to time, as necessary, adjust the location or limits of designated fairways or traffic separation schemes in order to accommodate the needs of other uses that cannot be reasonably accommo-dated otherwise, except that such an adjust-ment may not, in the judgment of the Sec-retary, unacceptably adversely affect the purpose for which the existing designation was made and the need for which continues; and ‘‘(4) shall, through appropriate channels— ‘‘(A) notify cognizant international organi-zations of any designation, or adjustment thereof; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6991 November 15, 2018 
‘‘(B) take action to seek the cooperation of foreign States in making it mandatory for vessels under their control to use, to the same extent as required by the Secretary for vessels of the United States, any fairway or traffic separation scheme designated under this section in any area of the high seas. ‘‘§ 70004. Considerations by Secretary ‘‘In carrying out the duties of the Sec-retary under sections 70001, 70002, and 70003, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) take into account all relevant factors concerning navigation and vessel safety, pro-tection of the marine environment, and the safety and security of United States ports and waterways, including— ‘‘(A) the scope and degree of the risk or hazard involved; ‘‘(B) vessel traffic characteristics and trends, including traffic volume, the sizes and types of vessels involved, potential in-terference with the flow of commercial traf-fic, the presence of any unusual cargoes, and other similar factors; ‘‘(C) port and waterway configurations and variations in local conditions of geography, climate, and other similar factors; ‘‘(D) the need for granting exemptions for the installation and use of equipment or de-vices for use with vessel traffic services for certain classes of small vessels, such as self- propelled fishing vessels and recreational vessels; ‘‘(E) the proximity of fishing grounds, oil and gas drilling and production operations, or any other potential or actual conflicting activity; ‘‘(F) environmental factors; ‘‘(G) economic impact and effects; ‘‘(H) existing vessel traffic services; and ‘‘(I) local practices and customs, including voluntary arrangements and agreements within the maritime community; and ‘‘(2) at the earliest possible time, consult with and receive and consider the views of representatives of the maritime community, ports and harbor authorities or associations, environmental groups, and other persons who may be affected by the proposed actions. ‘‘§ 70005. International agreements ‘‘(a) T
RANSMITTAL OF REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall transmit, via the Secretary of State, to appropriate international bodies or forums, any regulations issued under this subchapter, for consideration as inter-national standards. ‘‘(b) A
GREEMENTS .—The President is au-thorized and encouraged to— ‘‘(1) enter into negotiations and conclude and execute agreements with neighboring nations, to establish compatible vessel standards and vessel traffic services, and to establish, operate, and maintain inter-national vessel traffic services, in areas and under circumstances of mutual concern; and ‘‘(2) enter into negotiations, through ap-propriate international bodies, and conclude and execute agreements to establish vessel traffic services in appropriate areas of the high seas. ‘‘(c) O
PERATIONS .—The Secretary, pursuant to any agreement negotiated under sub-section (b) that is binding upon the United States in accordance with constitutional re-quirements, may— ‘‘(1) require vessels operating in an area of a vessel traffic service to utilize or to com-ply with the vessel traffic service, including the carrying or installation of equipment and devices as necessary for the use of the service; and ‘‘(2) waive, by order or regulation, the ap-plication of any United States law or regula-tion concerning the design, construction, op-eration, equipment, personnel qualifications, and manning standards for vessels operating in waters over which the United States exer-cises jurisdiction if such vessel is not en route to or from a United States port or place, and if vessels en route to or from a United States port or place are accorded equivalent waivers of laws and regulations of the neighboring nation, when operating in waters over which that nation exercises ju-risdiction. ‘‘(d) SHIPREPORTING SYSTEMS .—The Sec- retary, in cooperation with the International Maritime Organization, may implement and enforce two mandatory ship reporting sys-tems, consistent with international law, with respect to vessels subject to such re-porting systems entering the following areas of the Atlantic Ocean: ‘‘(1) Cape Cod Bay, Massachusetts Bay, and Great South Channel (in the area generally bounded by a line starting from a point on Cape Ann, Massachusetts at 42 deg. 39 ′ N., 70 deg. 37′ W; then northeast to 42 deg. 45 ′ N., 70 deg. 13′ W; then southeast to 42 deg. 10 ′ N., 68 deg. 31′ W, then south to 41 deg. 00 ′ N., 68 deg. 31′ W; then west to 41 deg. 00 ′ N., 69 deg. 17′ W; then northeast to 42 deg. 05 ′ N., 70 deg. 02′ W, then west to 42 deg. 04 ′ N., 70 deg. 10′ W; and then along the Massachusetts shoreline of Cape Cod Bay and Massachusetts Bay back to the point on Cape Ann at 42 deg. 39 ′ N., 70 deg. 37′ W). ‘‘(2) In the coastal waters of the South-eastern United States within about 25 nm along a 90 nm stretch of the Atlantic sea-board (in an area generally extending from the shoreline east to longitude 80 deg. 51.6 ′ W with the southern and northern boundary at latitudes 30 deg. 00′ N., 31 deg. 27′ N., respec- tively). ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ‘‘§ 70011. Waterfront safety ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary may take such action as is necessary to— ‘‘(1) prevent damage to, or the destruction of, any bridge or other structure on or in the navigable waters of the United States, or any land structure or shore area imme-diately adjacent to such waters; and ‘‘(2) protect the navigable waters and the resources therein from harm resulting from vessel or structure damage, destruction, or loss. ‘‘(b) A
CTIONS AUTHORIZED .—Actions au-thorized by subsection (a) include— ‘‘(1) establishing procedures, measures, and standards for the handling, loading, unload-ing, storage, stowage, and movement on a structure (including the emergency removal, control, and disposition) of explosives or other dangerous articles and substances, in-cluding oil or hazardous material as those terms are defined in section 2101; ‘‘(2) prescribing minimum safety equip-ment requirements for a structure to assure adequate protection from fire, explosion, natural disaster, and other serious accidents or casualties; ‘‘(3) establishing water or waterfront safe-ty zones, or other measures, for limited, con-trolled, or conditional access and activity when necessary for the protection of any ves-sel, structure, waters, or shore area; and ‘‘(4) establishing procedures for examina-tion to assure compliance with the require-ments prescribed under this section. ‘‘(c) S
TATE LAW.—Nothing in this section, with respect to structures, prohibits a State or political subdivision thereof from pre-scribing higher safety equipment require-ments or safety standards than those that may be prescribed by regulations under this section. ‘‘§ 70012. Navigational hazards ‘‘(a) R
EPORTING PROCEDURE .—The Sec-retary shall establish a program to encour-age fishermen and other vessel operators to report potential or existing navigational hazards involving pipelines to the Secretary through Coast Guard field offices. ‘‘(b) SECRETARY ’SRESPONSE .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION BY THE OPERATOR OF A  
PIPELINE .—Upon notification by the operator of a pipeline of a hazard to navigation with respect to that pipeline, the Secretary shall immediately notify Coast Guard head-quarters, the Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration, other affected Federal and State agencies, and vessel own-ers and operators in the pipeline’s vicinity. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION BY OTHER PERSONS .— Upon notification by any other person of a hazard or potential hazard to navigation with respect to a pipeline, the Secretary shall promptly determine whether a hazard exists, and if so shall immediately notify Coast Guard headquarters, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, other affected Federal and State agencies, vessel owners and operators in the pipeline’s vicinity, and the owner and operator of the pipeline. ‘‘(c) P
IPELINE DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘pipeline’ has the meaning given the term ‘pipeline facility’ in section 60101(a)(18) of title 49. ‘‘§ 70013. Requirement to notify Coast Guard of release of objects into the navigable waters of the United States ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—As soon as a person has knowledge of any release from a vessel or facility into the navigable waters of the United States of any object that creates an obstruction prohibited under section 10 of the Act of March 3, 1899, popularly known as the Rivers and Harbors Appropriations Act of 1899 (33 U.S.C. 403), such person shall no-tify the Secretary and the Secretary of the Army of such release. ‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTION ON USE OF NOTIFICA -
TION.—Any notification provided by an indi-vidual in accordance with subsection (a) may not be used against such individual in any criminal case, except a prosecution for per-jury or for giving a false statement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—CONDITION FOR ENTRY INTO PORTS IN THE UNITED STATES ‘‘§ 70021. Conditions for entry to ports in the United States ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—No vessel that is subject to chapter 37 shall operate in the navigable waters of the United States or transfer cargo or residue in any port or place under the ju-risdiction of the United States, if such ves-sel— ‘‘(1) has a history of accidents, pollution incidents, or serious repair problems that, as determined by the Secretary, creates reason to believe that such vessel may be unsafe or may create a threat to the marine environ-ment; ‘‘(2) fails to comply with any applicable regulation issued under section 70034, chap-ter 37, or any other applicable law or treaty; ‘‘(3) discharges oil or hazardous material in violation of any law of the United States or in a manner or quantities inconsistent with any treaty to which the United States is a party; ‘‘(4) does not comply with any applicable vessel traffic service requirements; ‘‘(5) is manned by one or more officers who are licensed by a certificating State that the Secretary has determined, pursuant to sec-tion 9101 of title 46, does not have standards for licensing and certification of seafarers that are comparable to or more stringent than United States standards or inter-national standards that are accepted by the United States; ‘‘(6) is not manned in compliance with manning levels as determined by the Sec-retary to be necessary to insure the safe navigation of the vessel; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6992 November 15, 2018 
‘‘(7) while underway, does not have at least one licensed deck officer on the navigation bridge who is capable of clearly under-standing English. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may allow provisional entry of a vessel that is not in compliance with subsection (a), if the owner or operator of such vessel proves, to the sat-isfaction of the Secretary, that such vessel is not unsafe or a threat to the marine environ-ment, and if such entry is necessary for the safety of the vessel or persons aboard. ‘‘(2) P
ROVISIONS NOT APPLICABLE .—Para- graphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (a) of this section shall not apply to a vessel al-lowed provisional entry under paragraph (1) if the owner or operator of such vessel proves, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that such vessel is no longer unsafe or a threat to the marine environment, and is no longer in violation of any applicable law, treaty, regulation, or condition, as appro-priate. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—DEFINITIONS, REGU-LATIONS, ENFORCEMENT, INVESTIGA-TORY POWERS, APPLICABILITY ‘‘§ 70031. Definitions ‘‘As used in subchapters A through C and this subchapter, unless the context other-wise requires: ‘‘(1) The term ‘marine environment’ means— ‘‘(A) the navigable waters of the United States and the land and resources therein and thereunder; ‘‘(B) the waters and fishery resources of any area over which the United States as-serts exclusive fishery management author-ity; ‘‘(C) the seabed and subsoil of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States, the resources thereof, and the waters superjacent thereto; and ‘‘(D) the recreational, economic, and scenic values of such waters and resources. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, except that such term means the Secretary of Transportation with respect to the application of this chapter to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘(3) The term ‘navigable waters of the United States’ includes all waters of the ter-ritorial sea of the United States as described in Presidential Proclamation No. 5928 of De-cember 27, 1988. ‘‘§ 70032. Saint Lawrence Seaway ‘‘The authority granted to the Secretary under sections 70001, 70002, 70003, 70004, and 70011 may not be delegated with respect to the Saint Lawrence Seaway to any agency other than the Saint Lawrence Seaway De-velopment Corporation. Any other authority granted the Secretary under subchapters A through C and this subchapter shall be dele-gated by the Secretary to the Saint Law-rence Seaway Development Corporation to the extent the Secretary determines such delegation is necessary for the proper oper-ation of the Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘§ 70033. Limitation on application to foreign vessels ‘‘Except pursuant to international treaty, convention, or agreement, to which the United States is a party, subchapters A through C and this subchapter shall not apply to any foreign vessel that is not des-tined for, or departing from, a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and that is in— ‘‘(1) innocent passage through the terri-torial sea of the United States; or ‘‘(2) transit through the navigable waters of the United States that form a part of an international strait. ‘‘§ 70034. Regulations ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—In accordance with sec-tion 553 of title 5, the Secretary shall issue, and may from time to time amend or repeal, regulations necessary to implement sub-chapters A through C and this subchapter. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In the exercise of the regulatory authority under subchapters A through C and this subchapter, the Secretary shall consult with, and receive and consider the views of all interested persons, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) interested Federal departments and agencies; ‘‘(2) officials of State and local govern-ments; ‘‘(3) representatives of the maritime com-munity; ‘‘(4) representatives of port and harbor au-thorities or associations; ‘‘(5) representatives of environmental groups; ‘‘(6) any other interested persons who are knowledgeable or experienced in dealing with problems involving vessel safety, port and waterways safety, and protection of the marine environment; and ‘‘(7) advisory committees consisting of all interested segments of the public when the establishment of such committees is consid-ered necessary because the issues involved are highly complex or controversial. ‘‘§ 70035. Investigatory powers ‘‘(a) S
ECRETARY .—The Secretary may in-vestigate any incident, accident, or act in-volving the loss or destruction of, or damage to, any structure subject to subchapters A through C and this subchapter, or that af-fects or may affect the safety or environ-mental quality of the ports, harbors, or navi-gable waters of the United States. ‘‘(b) P
OWERS .—In an investigation under this section, the Secretary may issue sub-poenas to require the attendance of wit-nesses and the production of documents or other evidence relating to such incident, ac-cident, or act. If any person refuses to obey a subpoena, the Secretary may request the Attorney General to invoke the aid of the appropriate district court of the United States to compel compliance with the sub-poena. Any district court of the United States may, in the case of refusal to obey a subpoena, issue an order requiring compli-ance with the subpoena, and failure to obey the order may be punished by the court as contempt. Witnesses may be paid fees for travel and attendance at rates not exceeding those allowed in a district court of the United States. ‘‘§ 70036. Enforcement ‘‘(a) C
IVILPENALTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person who is found by the Secretary, after notice and an oppor-tunity for a hearing, to have violated sub-chapters A through C or this subchapter or a regulation issued under subchapters A through C or this subchapter shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty, not to exceed $25,000 for each violation. Each day of a continuing violation shall constitute a separate violation. The amount of such civil penalty shall be assessed by the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, by written no-tice. In determining the amount of such pen-alty, the Secretary shall take into account the nature, circumstances, extent, and grav-ity of the prohibited acts committed and, with respect to the violator, the degree of culpability, any history of prior offenses, ability to pay, and such other matters as jus-tice may require. ‘‘(2) C
OMPROMISE , MODIFICATION , OR REMIS -
SION.—The Secretary may compromise, mod-ify, or remit, with or without conditions, any civil penalty that is subject to imposi-tion or that has been imposed under this sec-tion. ‘‘(3) FAILURE TO PAY PENALTY .—If any per-son fails to pay an assessment of a civil pen-alty after it has become final, the Secretary may refer the matter to the Attorney Gen-eral of the United States, for collection in any appropriate district court of the United States. ‘‘(b) C
RIMINAL PENALTY .— ‘‘(1) C
LASS D FELONY .—Any person who willfully and knowingly violates subchapters A through C or this subchapter or any regu-lation issued thereunder commits a class D felony. ‘‘(2) C
LASS C FELONY .—Any person who, in the willful and knowing violation of sub-chapters A through C or this subchapter or of any regulation issued thereunder, uses a dangerous weapon, or engages in conduct that causes bodily injury or fear of imminent bodily injury to any officer authorized to en-force the provisions of such a subchapter or the regulations issued under such sub-chapter, commits a class C felony. ‘‘(c) I
NREMLIABILITY .—Any vessel that is used in violation of subchapters A, B, or C or this subchapter, or any regulations issued under such subchapter, shall be liable in rem for any civil penalty assessed pursuant to subsection (a) and may be proceeded against in the United States district court for any district in which such vessel may be found. ‘‘(d) I
NJUNCTION .—The United States dis-trict courts shall have jurisdiction to re-strain violations of subchapter A, B, or C or this subchapter or of regulations issued under such subchapter, for cause shown. ‘‘(e) D
ENIAL OF ENTRY .—Except as provided in section 70021, the Secretary may, subject to recognized principles of international law, deny entry by any vessel that is not in com-pliance with subchapter A, B, or C or this subchapter or the regulations issued under such subchapter— ‘‘(1) into the navigable waters of the United States; or ‘‘(2) to any port or place under the jurisdic-tion of the United States. ‘‘(f) W
ITHHOLDING OF CLEARANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If any owner, operator, or individual in charge of a vessel is liable for a penalty or fine under this section, or if reasonable cause exists to believe that the owner, operator, or individual in charge may be subject to a penalty or fine under this sec-tion, the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the request of the Secretary, shall with respect to such vessel refuse or revoke any clearance required by section 60105 of title 46. ‘‘(2) G
RANTING CLEARANCE REFUSED OR RE -
VOKED .—Clearance refused or revoked under this subsection may be granted upon filing of a bond or other surety satisfactory to the Secretary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such subtitle is amended by inserting before the item relating to chapter 701 the following: ‘‘700. Ports and Waterways Safety .....70001.’’. 
SEC. 402. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) E LECTRONIC CHARTS .— (1) T
RANSFER OF PROVISION .—Section 4A of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1223a)— (A) is redesignated as section 3105 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred to appear after section 3104 of that title; and (B) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—Except pursuant to an international treaty, conven-tion, or agreement, to which the United States is a party, this section shall not apply to any foreign vessel that is not destined for, or departing from, a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and that is in— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6993 November 15, 2018 
‘‘(1) innocent passage through the terri-torial sea of the United States; or ‘‘(2) transit through the navigable waters of the United States that form a part of an international strait.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 31 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3105. Electronic charts.’’. (b) P
ORT, HARBOR , AND COASTAL FACILITY  S
ECURITY .— (1) T
RANSFER OF PROVISIONS .—So much of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226) as precedes subsection (c) of that section is redesignated as section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred to section 70116 of that title. (2) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN -
FORCEMENT .—Section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , ANDEN-
FORCEMENT .—This section shall be treated as part of chapter 700 for purposes of sections 70031, 70032, 70034, 70035, and 70036.’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 701 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 70116 and inserting the following: ‘‘70116. Port, harbor, and coastal facility se-curity.’’. (c) N
ONDISCLOSURE OF PORT SECURITY  P
LANS .—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226), as so designated before the application of subsection (b)(1) of this section— (1) is redesignated as subsection (f) of sec-tion 70103 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after subsection (e) of such section; and (2) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’. (d) R
EPEAL .—Section 2307 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis at the beginning of chapter 23 of that title, are repealed. (e) R
EPEAL .—The Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1221–1231, 1232–1232b), as amended by this Act, is repealed. 
SEC. 403. TRANSITIONAL AND SAVINGS PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
OURCE PROVISION .—The term ‘‘source provision’’ means a provision of law that is replaced by a title 46 provision under this title. (2) T
ITLE 46 PROVISION .—The term ‘‘title 46 provision’’ means a provision of title 46, United States Code, that is enacted by sec-tion 402. (b) C
UTOFF DATE.—The title 46 provisions replace certain provisions of law enacted be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. If a law enacted after that date amends or re-peals a source provision, that law is deemed to amend or repeal, as the case may be, the corresponding title 46 provision. If a law en-acted after that date is otherwise incon-sistent with a title 46 provision or a provi-sion of this title, that law supersedes the title 46 provision or provision of this title to the extent of the inconsistency. (c) O
RIGINAL DATE OF ENACTMENT UN-
CHANGED .—For purposes of determining whether one provision of law supersedes an-other based on enactment later in time, a title 46 provision is deemed to have been en-acted on the date of enactment of the source provision that the title 46 provision replaces. (d) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 46 P ROVISIONS .—A reference to a title 46 provision, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding source provision. (e) R
EFERENCES TO SOURCE PROVISIONS .—A reference to a source provision, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding title 46 provision. (f) REGULATIONS , ORDERS , AND OTHER AD-
MINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—A regulation, order, or other administrative action in effect under a source provision continues in effect under the corresponding title 46 provision. (g) A
CTIONS TAKEN AND OFFENSES COM-
MITTED .—An action taken or an offense com-mitted under a source provision is deemed to have been taken or committed under the cor-responding title 46 provision. 
SEC. 404. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
This title, including the amendments made by this title, is intended only to transfer pro-visions of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act to title 46, United States Code, and may not be construed to alter— (1) the effect of a provision of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act, including any au-thority or requirement therein; (2) a department or agency interpretation with respect to the Ports and Waterways Safety Act; or (3) a judicial interpretation with respect to the Ports and Waterways Safety Act. 
SEC. 405. ADVISORY COMMITTEE: REPEAL. 
Section 18 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2213) is repealed. 
SEC. 406. REGATTAS AND MARINE PARADES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER V—REGATTAS AND MARINE PARADES ‘‘§ 70041. Regattas and marine parades ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may issue regulations to pro-mote the safety of life on navigable waters during regattas or marine parades. ‘‘(b) D
ETAIL AND USE OF VESSELS .—To en- force regulations issued under this section— ‘‘(1) the Commandant may detail any pub-lic vessel in the service of the Coast Guard and make use of any private vessel tendered gratuitously for that purpose; and ‘‘(2) upon the request of the Commandant, the head of any other Federal department or agency may enforce the regulations by means of any public vessel of such depart-ment and any private vessel tendered gratu-itously for that purpose. ‘‘(c) T
RANSFER OF AUTHORITY .—The author-ity of the Commandant under this section may be transferred by the President for any special occasion to the head of another Fed-eral department or agency whenever in the President’s judgment such transfer is desir-able. ‘‘(d) P
ENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any violation of reg-ulations issued pursuant to this section the following penalties shall be incurred: ‘‘(A) A licensed officer shall be liable to suspension or revocation of license in the manner prescribed by law for incompetency or misconduct. ‘‘(B) Any person in charge of the naviga-tion of a vessel other than a licensed officer shall be liable to a penalty of $5,000. ‘‘(C) The owner of a vessel (including any corporate officer of a corporation owning the vessel) actually on board shall be liable to a penalty of $5,000, unless the violation of reg-ulations occurred without the owner’s knowledge. ‘‘(D) Any other person shall be liable to a penalty of $2,500. ‘‘(2) M
ITIGATION OR REMISSION .—The Com-mandant may mitigate or remit any penalty provided for in this subsection in the manner prescribed by law for the mitigation or re-mission of penalties for violation of the navi-gation laws.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER E —REGATTAS AND MARINE  
PARADES  ‘‘70041. Regattas and marine parades.’’. (c) R
EPEAL .—The Act of April 28, 1908 (35 Stat. 69, chapter 151; 33 U.S.C. 1233 et seq.), is repealed. 
SEC. 407. REGULATION OF VESSELS IN TERRI-TORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF SUBCHAPTER F.— Chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VI—REGULATION OF VES-SELS IN TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES ‘‘§ 70054. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘United States’ includes all territory and waters, continental or insular, subject to the juris-diction of the United States. ‘‘(2) T
ERRITORIAL WATERS .—The term ‘ter-ritorial waters of the United States’ includes all waters of the territorial sea of the United States as described in Presidential Procla-mation 5928 of December 27, 1988.’’. (b) R
EGULATION OF ANCHORAGE AND MOVE-
MENT OF VESSELS DURING NATIONAL EMER-
GENCY .—Section 1 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 191), is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows before ‘‘by proclamation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70051. Regulation of anchorage and move-ment of vessels during national emergency ‘‘Whenever the President’’; (2) by striking ‘‘of the Treasury’’; (3) by striking ‘‘of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; (4) by striking ‘‘this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (5) by transferring the section so that the section appears before section 70054 of title 46, United States Code (as added by sub-section (a) of this section). (c) S
EIZURE AND FORFEITURE OF VESSEL ; F
INE AND IMPRISONMENT .—Section 2 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 192), is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows before ‘‘agent,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70052. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—If any owner,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘this title’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (3) by transferring the section so that the section appears after section 70051 of title 46, United States Code (as transferred by sub-section (b) of this section). (d) E
NFORCEMENT PROVISIONS .—Section 4 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 194), is amended— (1) by striking all before ‘‘may employ’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70053. Enforcement provisions ‘‘The President’’; (2) by striking ‘‘the purpose of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (3) by transferring the section so that the section appears after section 70052 of title 46, United States Code (as transferred by sub-section (c) of this section). (e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6994 November 15, 2018 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER F —REGULATION OF VESSELS IN  
TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES  ‘‘70051. Regulation of anchorage and move-ment of vessels during national emergency. ‘‘70052. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment. ‘‘70053. Enforcement provisions. ‘‘70054. Definitions.’’. 
SEC. 408. PORT, HARBOR, AND COASTAL FACILITY SECURITY. 
(a) T RANSFER OF PROVISIONS .—So much of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226) as precedes subsection (c) of that section is redesignated as section 70102a of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after section 70102 of that title. (b) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN-
FORCEMENT .—Section 70102a of title 46, United States Code, as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , ANDEN-
FORCEMENT .—This section shall be treated as part of chapter 700 for purposes of sections 70031, 70032, 70034, 70035, and 70036.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 701 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 70102 the following: ‘‘70102a. Port, harbor, and coastal facility se-curity.’’. (d) N
ONDISCLOSURE OF PORT SECURITY  P
LANS .—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226), as so designated before the application of subsection (b)(1) of this section— (1) is redesignated as subsection (f) of sec-tion 70103 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after subsection (e) of such section; and (2) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’. TITLE V—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SAFETY 
SEC. 501. CONSISTENCY IN MARINE INSPEC-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3305 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d)(1) The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall ensure that Officers in Charge, Marine Inspections consistently interpret regulations and standards under this subtitle and chapter 700 to avoid disruption and undue expense to industry. ‘‘(2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), in the event of a disagreement regarding the condi-tion of a vessel or the interpretation of a regulation or standard referred to in sub-section (a) between a local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection conducting an inspection of the vessel and the Officer in Charge, Ma-rine Inspection that issued the most recent certificate of inspection for the vessel, such Officers shall seek to resolve such disagree-ment. ‘‘(B) If a disagreement described in sub-paragraph (A) involves vessel design or plan review, the Coast Guard marine safety cen-ter shall be included in all efforts to resolve such disagreement. ‘‘(C) If a disagreement described in sub-paragraph (A) or (B) cannot be resolved, the local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection shall submit to the Commandant of the Coast Guard, through the cognizant Coast Guard district commander, a request for a final agency determination of the matter in disagreement. ‘‘(3) The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— ‘‘(A) provide to each person affected by a decision or action by an Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection or by the Coast Guard ma-rine safety center all information necessary for such person to exercise any right to ap-peal such decision or action; and ‘‘(B) if such an appeal is filed, process such appeal under parts 1 through 4 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. ‘‘(4) In this section, the term ‘Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection’ means any per-son from the civilian or military branch of the Coast Guard who— ‘‘(A) is designated as such by the Com-mandant; and ‘‘(B) under the superintendence and direc-tion of the cognizant Coast Guard district commander, is in charge of an inspection zone for the performance of duties with re-spect to the inspections under, and enforce-ment and administration of, subtitle II, chapter 700, and regulations under such laws.’’. (b) REPORT ON MARINE INSPECTOR TRAIN-
ING.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the training, experience, and qualifications re-quired for assignment as a marine inspector under section 312 of title 14, United States Code, including— (1) a description of any continuing edu-cation requirement, including a specific list of the required courses; (2) a description of the training, including a specific list of the included courses, offered to a journeyman or an advanced journeyman marine inspector to advance inspection ex-pertise; (3) a description of any training that was offered in the 15-year period before the date of the enactment of this Act, but is no longer required or offered, including a specific list of the included courses, including the senior marine inspector course and any plan review courses; (4) a justification for why a course de-scribed in paragraph (3) is no longer required or offered; and (5) a list of the course content the Com-mandant considers necessary to promote consistency among marine inspectors in an environment of increasingly complex vessels and vessel systems. 
SEC. 502. UNINSPECTED PASSENGER VESSELS IN ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MINNESOTA. 
Section 4105 of title 46, United States Code, amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) In applying this title with respect to an uninspected vessel of less than 25 feet overall in length that carries passengers on Crane Lake or waters contiguous to such lake in St. Louis County, Minnesota, the Secretary shall substitute ‘12 passengers’ for ‘6 passengers’ each place it appears in sec-tion 2101(51).’’. 
SEC. 503. ENGINE CUT-OFF SWITCH REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 43 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 4312. Engine cut-off switches ‘‘(a) I
NSTALLATION REQUIREMENT .—A manu- facturer, distributor, or dealer that installs propulsion machinery and associated start-ing controls on a covered recreational vessel shall equip such vessel with an engine cut-off switch and engine cut-off switch link that meet American Boat and Yacht Council Standard A-33, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. ‘‘(b) EDUCATION ON CUT-OFFSWITCHES .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard, through the National Boating Safety Advisory Com-mittee established under section 15105, may initiate a boating safety program on the use and benefits of cut-off switches for rec-reational vessels. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF STANDARD FOR IN-
SPECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Commandant shall transmit Amer-ican Boat and Yacht Council Standard A–33, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) the Coast Guard Office of Design and Engineering Standards; and ‘‘(D) the National Archives and Records Administration. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—The standard sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall be kept on file and available for public inspection at such Coast Guard office and the National Ar-chives and Records Administration. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED RECREATIONAL VESSEL .—The term ‘covered recreational vessel’ means a recreational vessel that is— ‘‘(A) less than 26 feet overall in length; and ‘‘(B) capable of developing 115 pounds or more of static thrust. ‘‘(2) D
EALER .—The term ‘dealer’ means any person who is engaged in the sale and dis-tribution of recreational vessels or associ-ated equipment to purchasers whom the sell-er in good faith believes to be purchasing any such vessel or associated equipment for purposes other than resale. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTOR .—The term ‘distributor’ means any person engaged in the sale and distribution of recreational vessels and asso-ciated equipment for the purposes of resale. ‘‘(4) M
ANUFACTURER .—The term ‘equipment manufacturer’ means any person engaged in the manufacture, construction, or assembly of recreational vessels or associated equip-ment, or the importation of recreational ves-sels into the United States for subsequent sale. ‘‘(5) P
ROPULSION MACHINERY .—The term ‘propulsion machinery’ means a self-con-tained propulsion system, and includes, but is not limited to, inboard engines, outboard motors, and sterndrive engines. ‘‘(6) S
TATIC THRUST .—The term ‘static thrust’ means the forward or backwards thrust developed by propulsion machinery while stationary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4312. Engine cut-off switches.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 4312 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, shall take effect one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 504. EXCEPTION FROM SURVIVAL CRAFT RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 4502(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘a sur-vival craft’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to para-graph (3), a survival craft’’; (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) Except for a nonapplicable vessel, an auxiliary craft shall satisfy the equipment requirement under paragraph (2)(B) if such craft is— ‘‘(A) necessary for normal fishing oper-ations; ‘‘(B) readily accessible during an emer-gency; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6995 November 15, 2018 
‘‘(C) capable, in accordance with the Coast Guard capacity rating, when applicable, of safely holding all individuals on board the vessel to which the craft functions as an aux-iliary.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) For the purposes of this section, the term ‘auxiliary craft’ means a vessel that is carried onboard a fishing vessel and is nor-mally used to support fishing operations.’’. 
SEC. 505. SAFETY STANDARDS. 
Section 4502(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) shall examine at dockside a vessel de-scribed in subsection (b) at least once every 5 years, but may require an exam at dockside every 2 years for certain vessels described in subsection (b) if requested by the owner or operator; and ‘‘(3) shall issue a certificate of compliance to a vessel meeting the requirements of this chapter and satisfying the requirements in paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 506. FISHING SAFETY GRANTS. 
Section 4502 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsections (i) and (j), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices’’; (2) in subsection (i)(2), as amended by para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with and based on criteria established by the Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ after ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (3) in subsection (i)(3), by striking ‘‘75’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; (4) in subsection (i)(4), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019’’; (5) in subsection (j)(2), as amended by para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with and based on criteria established by the Commandant of the Coast Guard,’’ after ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (6) in subsection (j)(3), by striking ‘‘75’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; and (7) in subsection (j)(4), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000 for each fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2018 through 2019’’. 
SEC. 507. FISHING, FISH TENDER, AND FISH PROCESSING VESSEL CERTIFI-CATION. 
(a) N ONAPPLICATION .—Section 4503(c)(2)(A) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘79’’ and inserting ‘‘180’’. (b) D
ETERMINING WHENKEELISLAID.—Sec- tion 4503(f) of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by section 508 of this Act, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f)(1) For purposes of this section and sec-tion 4503a, the term ‘built’ means, with re-spect to a vessel, that the vessel’s construc-tion has reached any of the following stages: ‘‘(A) The vessel’s keel is laid. ‘‘(B) Construction identifiable with the vessel has begun and assembly of that vessel has commenced comprising of at least 50 metric tons or one percent of the estimated mass of all structural material, whichever is less. ‘‘(2) In the case of a vessel greater than 79 feet overall in length, for purposes of para-graph (1)(A) a keel is deemed to be laid when a marine surveyor affirms that a structure adequate for serving as a keel for such vessel is in place and identified for use in the con-struction of such vessel.’’. 
SEC. 508. DEADLINE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH AL-TERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4503(d) of title 46, United States Code, is redesignated as sec-tion 4503a and transferred to appear after section 4503 of such title. (b) FISHING , FISHTENDER , AND FISHPROC-
ESSING VESSEL CERTIFICATION .—Section 4503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), and (g) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respec-tively; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘sub-section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4503a’’; (3) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii)(I), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (4) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (5) in subsection (e)(1), as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (6) in subsection (e)(2), as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (c) A
LTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 4503a of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated and transferred by subsection (a) of this section, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), and (5) as subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e), respectively; (2) by inserting before subsection (a), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘§ 4503a. Alternate safety compliance pro-gram’’; (3) in subsection (a), as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘After January 1, 2020,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary, if’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (c), beginning on the date that is 3 years after the date that the Secretary prescribes an alternate safety compliance program, a fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, or fish tender vessel to which section 4502(b) of this title applies shall comply with such an alternate safety compliance program, if’’; (4) in subsection (a), as so redesignated, by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respectively; (5) in subsection (b), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘establishes standards for an alter-nate safety compliance program, shall com-ply with such an alternative safety compli-ance program that is developed in coopera-tion with the commercial fishing industry and prescribed by the Secretary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘prescribes an alternate safety compli-ance program under subsection (a), shall comply with such an alternate safety com-pliance program’’; (6) by amending subsection (c), as so redes-ignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(c) For purposes of subsection (a), a sepa-rate alternate safety compliance program may be developed for a specific region or spe-cific fishery.’’; (7) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘that paragraph’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘that sub-section’’; (8) in subsection (e), as so redesignated, by— (A) inserting ‘‘is not eligible to participate in an alternative safety compliance program prescribed under subsection (a) and’’ after ‘‘July 1, 2012’’; and (B) redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; (9) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) For the purposes of this section, the term ‘built’ has the meaning given that term in section 4503(f).’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 45 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4503 the following ‘‘4503a. Alternate safety compliance pro-gram.’’. (e) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 4503(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 4503(d)’’. (f) F
INAL RULE.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule implementing the requirements enumer-ated in section 4503(d) of title 46, as amended by subsection (b)(1) of this section. (g) A
LTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAM STATUS REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the status of the develop-ment of the alternate safety compliance pro-gram directed by section 4503a of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by sub-section (c). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include discussion of— (A) steps taken in the rulemaking process to establish the alternate safety compliance program; (B) communication and collaboration be-tween the Coast Guard, the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, and the commercial fishing vessel industry regarding the development of the alternate safety com-pliance program; (C) consideration given to developing alter-nate safety compliance programs for specific regions and fisheries, as authorized in sec-tion 4503a(c) of such title, as redesignated by subsection (c); (D) any identified legislative changes nec-essary to implement an effective alternate safety compliance program; and (E) the timeline and planned actions that will be taken to implement regulations nec-essary to fully establish an alternate safety compliance program before January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 509. TERMINATION OF UNSAFE OPER-ATIONS; TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Section 4505(2) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘4503(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘4503(a)(2)’’; and (2) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except that this paragraph shall not apply with respect to a vessel to which section 4503a applies’’. 
SEC. 510. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS: LICENSES, CERTIFICATES OF REGISTRY, AND MERCHANT MARINER DOCUMENTS. 
Title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 7106(b), by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document,’’ and inserting ‘‘license,’’; (2) in section 7107(b), by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document,’’ and inserting ‘‘certificate of registry,’’; (3) in section 7507(b)(1), by striking ‘‘li-censes or certificates of registry’’ and insert-ing ‘‘merchant mariner documents’’; and (4) in section 7507(b)(2) by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document.’’ and inserting ‘‘license or certificate of registry.’’. 
SEC. 511. CLARIFICATION OF LOGBOOK ENTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11304 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘an offi-cial logbook, which’’ and inserting ‘‘a log-book, which may be in any form, including electronic, and’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by amending para-graph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) Each illness of, and injury to, a sea-man of the vessel, the nature of the illness or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6996 November 15, 2018 
injury, and the medical treatment provided for the injury or illness.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 11304(b) is amended by striking ‘‘log book’’ and inserting ‘‘logbook’’. 
SEC. 512. CERTIFICATES OF DOCUMENTATION FOR RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Section 12105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), a certificate of docu-mentation issued under this part is valid for a 1-year period and may be renewed for addi-tional 1-year periods. ‘‘(2) R
ECREATIONAL VESSELS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A certificate of docu-mentation for a recreational vessel and the renewal of such a certificate shall be effec-tive for a 5-year period. ‘‘(B) P
HASE -IN PERIOD .—During the period beginning January 1, 2019, and ending De-cember 31, 2021, the owner or operator of a recreational vessel may choose a period of effectiveness of between 1 and 5 years for such a certificate of documentation for such vessel or the renewal thereof. ‘‘(C) F
EES.— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall as-sess and collect a fee— ‘‘(I) for the issuance of a certificate of doc-umentation for a recreational vessel that is equivalent to the fee established for the issuance of a certificate of documentation under section 2110; and ‘‘(II) for the renewal of a certificate of doc-umentation for a recreational vessel that is equivalent to the number of years of effec-tiveness of the certificate of documentation multiplied by the fee established for the re-newal of a certificate of documentation under section 2110. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT .—Fees collected under this subsection— ‘‘(I) shall be credited to the account from which the costs of such issuance or renewal were paid; and ‘‘(II) may remain available until expended. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE OF CHANGE IN INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—The owner of a vessel shall notify the Coast Guard of each change in the information on which the issuance of the certificate of documentation for the ves-sel is based that occurs before the expiration of the certificate under this subsection, by not later than 30 days after such change. ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION OF CERTIFICATE .—The certificate of documentation for a vessel shall terminate upon the expiration of such 30-day period if the owner has not notified the Coast Guard of such change before the end of such period. ‘‘(4) S
TATE AND LOCAL AUTHORITY TO RE -
MOVE ABANDONED AND DERELICT VESSELS .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of a State or local au-thority from taking action to remove an abandoned or derelict vessel.’’. 
SEC. 513. NUMBERING FOR UNDOCUMENTED BARGES. 
Section 12301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘of’’ after ‘‘barge’’. 
SEC. 514. BACKUP NATIONAL TIMING SYSTEM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Chapter 30 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 312. Alternative timing system ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary of Transportation shall provide for the estab-lishment, sustainment, and operation of a land-based, resilient, and reliable alternative timing system— ‘‘(1) to reduce critical dependencies and provide a complement to and backup for the timing component of the Global Positioning System (referred to in this section as ‘GPS’); and ‘‘(2) to ensure the availability of uncorrupted and non-degraded timing signals for military and civilian users in the event that GPS timing signals are corrupted, de-graded, unreliable, or otherwise unavailable. ‘‘(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Secretary of Transportation shall estab-lish requirements for the procurement of the system required by subsection (a) as a com-plement to and backup for the timing com-ponent of GPS in accordance with the timing requirements study required by section 1618 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2595). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of Transportation shall ensure, to the max-imum extent practicable, that the system es-tablished under subsection (a) will— ‘‘(A) be wireless; ‘‘(B) be terrestrial; ‘‘(C) provide wide-area coverage; ‘‘(D) be synchronized with coordinated uni-versal time; ‘‘(E) be resilient and extremely difficult to disrupt or degrade; ‘‘(F) be able to penetrate underground and inside buildings; ‘‘(G) be capable of deployment to remote locations; ‘‘(H) be developed, constructed, and oper-ated incorporating applicable private sector expertise; ‘‘(I) work in concert with and complement any other similar positioning, navigation, and timing systems, including enhanced long-range navigation systems and Nation-wide Differential GPS systems; ‘‘(J) be available for use by Federal and non-Federal government agencies for public purposes at no net cost to the Federal Gov-ernment within 10 years of initiation of oper-ation; ‘‘(K) be capable of adaptation and expan-sion to provide position and navigation capa-bilities; ‘‘(L) incorporate the recommendations from any GPS back-up demonstration pro-gram initiated and completed by the Sec-retary, in coordination with other Federal agencies, before the date specified in sub-section (c)(1); and ‘‘(M) incorporate such other elements as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— ‘‘(1) P
LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Na-tional Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report setting forth the following: ‘‘(A) A plan to develop, construct, and op-erate the system required by subsection (a). ‘‘(B) A description and assessment of the advantages of a system to provide a follow- on complementary and backup positioning and navigation capability to the timing com-ponent of GPS. ‘‘(2) D
EADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF OPER -
ATION .—The system required by subsection (a) shall be in operation by not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Na-tional Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018. ‘‘(3) MINIMUM DURATION OF OPERATIONAL CA -
PABILITY .—The system required by sub-section (a) shall be designed to be fully oper-ational for not less than 20 years. ‘‘(d) LORAN F
ACILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of Transportation determines that any LORAN infrastructure, including the underlying real property and any spectrum associated with LORAN, in the possession of the Coast Guard is required by the Department of Transpor-tation for the purpose of establishing the system required by subsection (a), the Com-mandant shall transfer such property, spec-trum, and equipment to the Secretary. ‘‘(2) CERCLA 
NOT AFFECTED .—This sub-section shall not be construed to limit the application of or otherwise affect section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)) with respect to the Federal Government facilities described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation may enter into a cooperative agreement (as that term is described in sec-tion 6305 of title 31) with an entity upon such terms and conditions as the Secretary of Transportation determines will fulfill the purpose and requirements of this section and be in the public interest. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The cooperative agreement under paragraph (1) shall, at a minimum, require the Secretary of Trans-portation to— ‘‘(A) authorize the entity to sell timing and other services to commercial and non- commercial third parties, subject to any na-tional security requirements determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense; ‘‘(B) require the entity to develop, con-struct, and operate at private expense the backup timing system in accordance with this section; ‘‘(C) allow the entity to make any invest-ments in technologies necessary over the life of such agreement to meet future require-ments for advanced timing resilience and technologies; ‘‘(D) require the entity to share 25 percent of the gross proceeds received by the entity from the sale of timing services to third par-ties with the Secretary for at least 10 years after the date upon which the Secretary en-ters into the cooperative agreement; ‘‘(E) require the entity— ‘‘(i) to assume all financial risk for the completion and operational capability of the system, after the Secretary provides any LORAN facilities necessary for the system under subsection (d), if required for the al-ternative timing system; and ‘‘(ii) to furnish performance and payment bonds in connection with the system in a reasonable amount as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(F) require the entity to make any invest-ments in technologies necessary over the life of the agreement to meet future require-ments for advanced timing resiliency. ‘‘(3) C
OMPETITION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary shall use competitive procedures similar to those authorized under section 2667 of title 10 in selecting an entity to enter into a cooperative agreement pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORIZATION TO PURCHASE SERV -
ICES.—The Secretary may not purchase tim-ing system services from the entity for use by the Department of Transportation or for provision to other Federal and non-Federal governmental agencies until the system achieves operational status, and then only if the necessary funds for such purchases are provided for in subsequent yearly appropria-tions acts made available to the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6997 November 15, 2018 
for each and every year in which such pur-chases are made. ‘‘(5) D
ETERMINATION REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary may not enter into a cooperative agreement under this subsection unless the Secretary determines that the cooperative agreement is in the best financial interest of the Federal Government. The Secretary shall notify the Committee on Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives of such determination not later than 30 days after the date of the deter-mination. ‘‘(6) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection the term ‘entity’ means a non-Federal entity with the demonstrated technical expertise and requisite administrative and financial resources to meet any terms and conditions established by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection.’’. (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘312. Alternative timing system.’’. 
SEC. 515. SCIENTIFIC PERSONNEL. 
Section 2101(41) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A) Subject to subpara-graph (B),’’ before the text; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) Such term includes an individual who is on board an oceanographic research vessel only to— ‘‘(I) engage in scientific research; ‘‘(II) instruct in oceanography or lim-nology; or ‘‘(III) receive instruction in oceanography or limnology. ‘‘(ii) For purposes of clause (i), the age of an individual may not be considered in deter-mining whether the individual is described in such clause.’’. 
SEC. 516. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall publish any letter of de-termination issued by the Coast Guard Na-tional Vessel Documentation Center after the date of the enactment of this Act on the National Vessel Documentation Center website not later than 30 days after the date of issuance of such letter of determination. (b) A
UDIT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit, the results of which shall be made publicly available, of— (A) the method or process by which the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center develops policy for and documents compliance with the requirements of section 67.97 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, for the purpose of issuing endorsements under section 12112 and 12113 of title 46, United States Code; (B) the coordination between the Coast Guard and U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion with respect to the enforcement of such requirements; and (C) the extent to which the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating and the Secretary of Transpor-tation, through the Maritime Administra-tion, have published and disseminated infor-mation to promote compliance with applica-ble vessel construction requirements. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the audit under paragraph (1) is complete, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report regarding the re-sults of and recommendations made pursu-ant to such audit. (c) OUTLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the submission of the Comp-troller General of the United States report required under subsection (b), the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives an outline of plans— (1) to enhance the transparency of the doc-umentation process, and communications with the maritime industry regarding such process over the next 5 years; and (2) to implement the recommendations made by the Comptroller General of the United States in the report required under subsection (b)(2). TITLE VI—ADVISORY COMMITTEES 
SEC. 601. NATIONAL MARITIME TRANSPOR-TATION ADVISORY COMMITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART K—NATIONAL MARITIME TRANS-PORTATION ADVISORY COMMITTEES ‘‘CHAPTER 151—NATIONAL MARITIME TRANSPORTATION ADVISORY COMMIT-TEES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘15101. National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15102. National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15103. National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee. ‘‘15104. National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee. ‘‘15105. National Boating Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15106. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15107. National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15108. National Towing Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15109. Administration. ‘‘§ 15101. National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to the safe and secure marine transportation of hazardous materials. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 25 members ap-pointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each member of the Committee shall represent 1 of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Chemical manufacturing entities. ‘‘(B) Entities related to marine handling or transportation of chemicals. ‘‘(C) Vessel design and construction enti-ties. ‘‘(D) Marine safety or security entities. ‘‘(E) Marine environmental protection en-tities. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, deter-mine the number of members of the Com-mittee who represent each entity specified in paragraph (3). Neither this paragraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in para-graph (3). ‘‘§ 15102. National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Commercial Fishing Safety Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall— ‘‘(1) advise the Secretary on matters relat-ing to the safe operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies, including the matters of— ‘‘(A) navigation safety; ‘‘(B) safety equipment and procedures; ‘‘(C) marine insurance; ‘‘(D) vessel design, construction, mainte-nance, and operation; and ‘‘(E) personnel qualifications and training; and ‘‘(2) review regulations proposed under chapter 45 of this title (during preparation of the regulations). ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 10 members shall represent the com-mercial fishing industry and— ‘‘(i) as a group, shall together reflect a re-gional and representational balance; and ‘‘(ii) as individuals, shall each have experi-ence— ‘‘(I) in the operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; or ‘‘(II) as a crew member or processing line worker on a fish processing vessel. ‘‘(B) 1 member shall represent naval archi-tects and marine engineers. ‘‘(C) 1 member shall represent manufactur-ers of equipment for vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent education and training professionals related to fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, and fish tender vessel safety and personnel qualifications. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent underwriters that insure vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent owners of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title ap-plies. ‘‘(G) 3 members shall represent the general public and, to the extent possible, shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) an independent expert or consultant in maritime safety; ‘‘(ii) a marine surveyor who provides serv-ices to vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; and ‘‘(iii) a person familiar with issues affect-ing fishing communities and the families of fishermen. ‘‘§ 15103. National Merchant Marine Per-sonnel Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Merchant Marine Personnel Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to personnel in the United States merchant ma-rine, including the training, qualifications, certification, documentation, and fitness of mariners. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 19 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6998 November 15, 2018 
knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 members shall represent mariners and, of the 9— ‘‘(i) each shall— ‘‘(I) be a citizen of the United States; and ‘‘(II) hold an active license or certificate issued under chapter 71 of this title or a mer-chant mariner document issued under chap-ter 73 of this title; ‘‘(ii) 3 shall be deck officers who represent merchant marine deck officers and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall be licensed for oceans any gross tons; ‘‘(II) 1 shall be licensed for inland river route with a limited or unlimited tonnage; ‘‘(III) 2 shall have a master’s license or a master of towing vessels license; ‘‘(IV) 1 shall have significant tanker expe-rience; and ‘‘(V) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent labor; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent management; ‘‘(iii) 3 shall be engineering officers who represent merchant marine engineering offi-cers and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall be licensed as chief engineer any horsepower; ‘‘(II) 1 shall be licensed as either a limited chief engineer or a designated duty engineer; and ‘‘(III) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent labor; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent management; ‘‘(iv) 2 shall be unlicensed seamen who rep-resent merchant marine unlicensed seaman and, of the 2— ‘‘(I) 1 shall represent able-bodied seamen; and ‘‘(II) 1 shall represent qualified members of the engine department; and ‘‘(v) 1 shall be a pilot who represents mer-chant marine pilots. ‘‘(B) 6 members shall represent marine edu-cators and, of the 6— ‘‘(i) 3 shall be marine educators who rep-resent maritime academies and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall represent State maritime acad-emies (and are jointly recommended by such academies); and ‘‘(II) 1 shall represent either State mari-time academies or the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy; and ‘‘(ii) 3 shall be marine educators who rep-resent other maritime training institutions and, of the 3, 1 shall represent the small ves-sel industry. ‘‘(C) 2 members shall represent shipping companies employed in ship operation man-agement. ‘‘(D) 2 members shall represent the general public. ‘‘§ 15104. National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Merchant Mariner Medical Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to— ‘‘(1) medical certification determinations for the issuance of licenses, certification of registry, and merchant mariners’ documents with respect to merchant mariners; ‘‘(2) medical standards and guidelines for the physical qualifications of operators of commercial vessels; ‘‘(3) medical examiner education; and ‘‘(4) medical research. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 14 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) REPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 shall represent health-care profes-sionals and have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience regarding the medical examinations of merchant mariners or occu-pational medicine. ‘‘(B) 5 shall represent professional mari-ners and have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in occupational require-ments for mariners. ‘‘§ 15105. National Boating Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Boating Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to na-tional boating safety. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 21 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 7 members shall represent State offi-cials responsible for State boating safety programs. ‘‘(B) 7 members shall represent rec-reational vessel and associated equipment manufacturers. ‘‘(C) 7 members shall represent the general public or national recreational boating orga-nizations and, of the 7, at least 5 shall rep-resent national recreational boating organi-zations. ‘‘§ 15106. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Offshore Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to ac-tivities directly involved with, or in support of, the exploration of offshore mineral and energy resources, to the extent that such matters are within the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 15 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in the production of petroleum. ‘‘(B) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in offshore drilling. ‘‘(C) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in the support, by offshore supply ves-sels or other vessels, of offshore mineral and oil operations, including geophysical serv-ices. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in the construction of offshore explo-ration and recovery facilities. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in diving services related to offshore construction, inspection, and maintenance. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in safety and training services related to offshore exploration and construction. ‘‘(G) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in pipelaying services related to off-shore construction. ‘‘(H) 2 members shall represent individuals employed in offshore operations and, of the 2, 1 shall have recent practical experience on a vessel or offshore unit involved in the off-shore mineral and energy industry. ‘‘(I) 1 member shall represent national en-vironmental entities. ‘‘(J) 1 member shall represent deepwater ports. ‘‘(K) 1 member shall represent the general public (but not a specific environmental group). ‘‘§ 15107. National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Navigation Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to maritime collisions, rammings, and groundings, Inland Rules of the Road, Inter-national Rules of the Road, navigation regu-lations and equipment, routing measures, marine information, and aids to navigation systems. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 21 members ap-pointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each member of the Committee shall represent 1 of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Commercial vessel owners or opera-tors. ‘‘(B) Professional mariners. ‘‘(C) Recreational boaters. ‘‘(D) The recreational boating industry. ‘‘(E) State agencies responsible for vessel or port safety. ‘‘(F) The Maritime Law Association. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, deter-mine the number of members of the Com-mittee who represent each entity specified in paragraph (3). Neither this paragraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in para-graph (3). ‘‘§ 15108. National Towing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Towing Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to shallow-draft inland navigation, coastal wa-terway navigation, and towing safety. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 7 members shall represent the barge and towing industry, reflecting a regional geographic balance. ‘‘(B) 1 member shall represent the offshore mineral and oil supply vessel industry. ‘‘(C) 1 member shall represent masters and pilots of towing vessels who hold active li-censes and have experience on the Western Rivers and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6999 November 15, 2018 
‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent masters of towing vessels in offshore service who hold active licenses. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent masters of active ship-docking or harbor towing vessels. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent licensed and unlicensed towing vessel engineers with for-mal training and experience. ‘‘(G) 2 members shall represent port dis-tricts, authorities, or terminal operators. ‘‘(H) 2 members shall represent shippers and, of the 2, 1 shall be engaged in the ship-ment of oil or hazardous materials by barge. ‘‘(I) 2 members shall represent the general public. ‘‘§ 15109. Administration ‘‘(a) M
EETINGS .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall, at least once each year, meet at the call of the Secretary or a majority of the members of the com-mittee. ‘‘(b) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—A member of a committee established under this chapter shall not be considered an employee of the Federal Government by reason of service on such committee, except for the purposes of the following: ‘‘(1) Chapter 81 of title 5. ‘‘(2) Chapter 171 of title 28 and any other Federal law relating to tort liability. ‘‘(c) C
OMPENSATION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), a member of a committee estab-lished under this chapter, when actually en-gaged in the performance of the duties of such committee, may— ‘‘(1) receive compensation at a rate estab-lished by the Secretary, not to exceed the maximum daily rate payable under section 5376 of title 5; or ‘‘(2) if not compensated in accordance with paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) be reimbursed for actual and reason-able expenses incurred in the performance of such duties; or ‘‘(B) be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(d) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTEER SERV-
ICES.—A member of a committee established under this chapter may serve on such com-mittee on a voluntary basis without pay without regard to section 1342 of title 31 or any other law. ‘‘(e) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), with respect to a member of a committee established under this chapter whom the Secretary appoints to represent an entity or group— ‘‘(A) the member is authorized to represent the interests of the applicable entity or group; and ‘‘(B) requirements under Federal law that would interfere with such representation and that apply to a special Government em-ployee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18), including requirements relating to em-ployee conduct, political activities, ethics, conflicts of interest, and corruption, do not apply to the member. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), a member of a committee estab-lished under this chapter shall be treated as a special Government employee for purposes of the committee service of the member if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary appointed the member to represent the general public; or ‘‘(B) the member, without regard to service on the committee, is a special Government employee. ‘‘(f) S
ERVICE ON COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) S
OLICITATION OF NOMINATIONS .—Before appointing an individual as a member of a committee established under this chapter, the Secretary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a timely notice soliciting nomina-tions for membership on such committee. ‘‘(2) APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After considering nomi-nations received pursuant to a notice pub-lished under paragraph (1), the Secretary may, as necessary, appoint a member to the applicable committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to any committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(3) S
ERVICE AT PLEASURE OF THE SEC -
RETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of a com-mittee established under this chapter shall serve at the pleasure of the Secretary. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), a member of the committee established under section 15102 may only be removed prior to the end of the term of that member for just cause. ‘‘(4) S
ECURITY BACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .— The Secretary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security back-ground examination before appointment to a committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), a Federal employee may not be appointed as a member of a com-mittee established under this chapter. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR NATIONAL MERCHANT  
MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— The Secretary may appoint a Federal em-ployee to serve as a member of the National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Com-mittee to represent the interests of the United States Merchant Marine Academy and, notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), may do so without soliciting, receiving, or considering nominations for such appoint-ment. ‘‘(6) T
ERMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of a committee established under this chapter shall expire on December 31 of the third full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(B) C
ONTINUED SERVICE AFTER TERM .— When the term of a member of a committee established under this chapter ends, the member, for a period not to exceed 1 year, may continue to serve as a member until a successor is appointed. ‘‘(7) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on a com-mittee established under this chapter shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. ‘‘(8) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REAPPOINTMENTS .— Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), the Secretary may reappoint a member of a com-mittee established under this chapter for any term, other than the first term of the mem-ber, without soliciting, receiving, or consid-ering nominations for such appointment. ‘‘(g) S
TAFF SERVICES .—The Secretary shall furnish to each committee established under this chapter any staff and services consid-ered by the Secretary to be necessary for the conduct of the committee’s functions. ‘‘(h) C
HAIRMAN ; VICECHAIRMAN .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall elect a Chair-man and Vice Chairman from among the committee’s members. ‘‘(2) V
ICE CHAIRMAN ACTING AS CHAIRMAN .— The Vice Chairman shall act as Chairman in the absence or incapacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairman. ‘‘(i) S
UBCOMMITTEES AND WORKING  G
ROUPS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairman of a com-mittee established under this chapter may establish and disestablish subcommittees and working groups for any purpose con-sistent with the function of the committee. ‘‘(2) PARTICIPANTS .—Subject to conditions imposed by the Chairman, members of a committee established under this chapter and additional persons drawn from entities or groups designated by this chapter to be represented on the committee or the general public may be assigned to subcommittees and working groups established under para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) C
HAIR.—Only committee members may chair subcommittees and working groups es-tablished under paragraph (1). ‘‘(j) C
ONSULTATION , ADVICE , REPORTS , AND R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSULTATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before taking any sig-nificant action, the Secretary shall consult with, and consider the information, advice, and recommendations of, a committee estab-lished under this chapter if the function of the committee is to advise the Secretary on matters related to the significant action. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—For purposes of this para-graph, regulations proposed under chapter 45 of this title are significant actions. ‘‘(2) A
DVICE , REPORTS , AND RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Each committee established under this chapter shall submit, in writing, to the Secretary its advice, reports, and rec-ommendations, in a form and at a frequency determined appropriate by the committee. ‘‘(3) E
XPLANATION OF ACTIONS TAKEN .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary receives recommendations from a committee under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) publish the recommendations on a website accessible at no charge to the public; ‘‘(B) if the recommendations are from the committee established under section 15102, establish a mechanism for the submission of public comments on the recommendations; and ‘‘(C) respond, in writing, to the committee regarding the recommendations, including by providing an explanation of actions taken regarding the recommendations. ‘‘(4) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the advice, reports, and recommendations re-ceived from committees under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL SUBMISSION .—With respect to a committee established under section 70112 and to which this section applies, the Secretary shall submit the advice, reports, and recommendations received from the committee under paragraph (2) to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives in addition to the commit-tees specified in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(k) O
BSERVERS .—Any Federal agency with matters under such agency’s administrative jurisdiction related to the function of a com-mittee established under this chapter may designate a representative to— ‘‘(1) attend any meeting of such com-mittee; and ‘‘(2) participate as an observer at meetings of such committee that relate to such a mat-ter. ‘‘(l) T
ERMINATION .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall terminate on September 30, 2027.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to chapter 147 the following: ‘‘Part K–National Maritime Transportation Advisory Committees ‘‘151. National Maritime Transpor-tation Advisory Committees.........15101’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
OMMERCIAL FISHING SAFETY ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 4508 of title 46, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7000 November 15, 2018 
States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 45 of that title, are repealed. (2) M
ERCHANT MARINER MEDICAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 7115 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 71 of that title, are repealed. (3) M
ERCHANT MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 8108 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 81 of that title, are repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7510(c)(1)(C) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Merchant Marine’’. (4) N
ATIONAL BOATING SAFETY ADVISORY  
COUNCIL .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 13110 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 131 of that title, are repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 4302(c)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Council established under section 13110 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee es-tablished under section 15105 of this title’’. (ii) R
EPAIR AND REPLACEMENT OF DE -
FECTS .—Section 4310(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Advi-sory Council’’ and inserting ‘‘Advisory Com-mittee’’. (5) N
AVIGATION SAFETY ADVISORY COUNCIL .— Section 5 of the Inland Navigational Rules Act of 1980 (33 U.S.C. 2073) is repealed. (6) T
OWING SAFETY ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Public Law 96–380 (33 U.S.C. 1231a) is repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) R
EDUCTION OF OIL SPILLS FROM SINGLE  
HULL NON -SELF-PROPELLED TANK VESSELS .— Section 3719 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Towing Safety’’. (ii) S
AFETY EQUIPMENT .—Section 4102(f)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Towing Safe-ty’’. (d) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING COUNCILS AND  C
OMMITTEES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law— (1) an advisory council or committee sub-stantially similar to an advisory committee established under chapter 151 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this Act, and that was in force or in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this section, including a council or committee the author-ity for which was repealed under subsection (c), may remain in force or in effect for a pe-riod of 2 years from the date of enactment of this section, including that the charter, membership, and other aspects of the council or committee may remain in force or in ef-fect; and (2) during the 2-year period referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) requirements relating to the applicable advisory committee established under chap-ter 151 of title 46, United States Code, shall be treated as satisfied by the substantially similar advisory council or committee; and (B) the enactment of this section, includ-ing the amendments made in this section, shall not be the basis— (i) to deem, find, or declare such council or committee, including the charter, member-ship, and other aspects thereof, void, not in force, or not in effect; (ii) to suspend the activities of such coun-cil or committee; or (iii) to bar the members of such council or committee from meeting. SEC. 602. MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY COM-MITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 70112 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70112. Maritime Security Advisory Commit-tees ‘‘(a) N
ATIONAL MARITIME SECURITY ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Maritime Security Advisory Com-mittee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(2) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to na-tional maritime security, including on en-hancing the sharing of information related to cybersecurity risks that may cause a transportation security incident, between relevant Federal agencies and— ‘‘(A) State, local, and tribal governments; ‘‘(B) relevant public safety and emergency response agencies; ‘‘(C) relevant law enforcement and security organizations; ‘‘(D) maritime industry; ‘‘(E) port owners and operators; and ‘‘(F) terminal owners and operators. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of at least 8 members, but not more than 21 members, appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this subsection and sec-tion 15109 of this title. ‘‘(B) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(C) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each of the fol-lowing shall be represented by at least 1 member of the Committee: ‘‘(i) Port authorities. ‘‘(ii) Facilities owners and operators. ‘‘(iii) Terminal owners and operators. ‘‘(iv) Vessel owners and operators. ‘‘(v) Maritime labor organizations. ‘‘(vi) The academic community. ‘‘(vii) State and local governments. ‘‘(viii) The maritime industry. ‘‘(D) D
ISTRIBUTION .—If the Committee con-sists of at least 8 members who, together, satisfy the minimum representation require-ments of subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, determine the number of additional members of the Committee who represent each entity specified in that subparagraph. Neither this subparagraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal dis-tribution of members representing each enti-ty specified in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATION .—For purposes of sec-tion 15109 of this title, the Committee shall be treated as a committee established under chapter 151 of such title. ‘‘(b) A
REA MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may— ‘‘(i) establish an Area Maritime Security Advisory Committee for any port area of the United States; and ‘‘(ii) request such a committee to review the proposed Area Maritime Transportation Security Plan developed under section 70103(b) and make recommendations to the Secretary that the committee considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNCTIONS AND MEET -
INGS.—A committee established under this subsection for an area— ‘‘(i) may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to maritime security in that area; ‘‘(ii) may make available to the Congress recommendations that the committee makes to the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) shall meet at the call of— ‘‘(I) the Secretary, who shall call such a meeting at least once during each calendar year; or ‘‘(II) a majority of the committee. ‘‘(2) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee estab-lished under this subsection shall consist of at least 7 members appointed by the Sec-retary, each of whom has at least 5 years practical experience in maritime security operations. ‘‘(B) T
ERMS .—The term of each member of a committee established under this sub-section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, specified by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Before appointing an indi-vidual to a position on a committee estab-lished under this subsection, the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register soliciting nominations for membership on the committee. ‘‘(D) B
ACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .—The Sec- retary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security background examination before appointment to a com-mittee established under this subsection. ‘‘(E) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each committee established under this subsection shall be composed of individuals who represent the interests of the port industry, terminal oper-ators, port labor organizations, and other users of the port areas. ‘‘(3) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee estab-lished under this subsection shall elect 1 of the committee’s members as the Chairperson and 1 of the committee’s members as the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(B) V
ICE CHAIRPERSON ACTING AS CHAIR -
PERSON .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or incapacity of the Chairperson, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of the Chairperson. ‘‘(4) O
BSERVERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, and the head of any other interested Federal agency may, designate a representative to participate as an observer with a committee established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) R
OLE.—The Secretary’s designated representative to a committee established under this subsection shall act as the execu-tive secretary of the committee and shall perform the duties set forth in section 10(c) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION OF VIEWS .—The Sec- retary shall consider the information, ad-vice, and recommendations of each com-mittee established under this subsection in formulating policy regarding matters affect-ing maritime security. ‘‘(6) C
OMPENSATION AND EXPENSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A member of a com-mittee established under this subsection, when attending meetings of the committee or when otherwise engaged in the business of the committee, is entitled to receive— ‘‘(i) compensation at a rate fixed by the Secretary, not exceeding the daily equiva-lent of the current rate of basic pay in effect for GS–15 of the General Schedule under sec-tion 5332 of title 5 including travel time; and ‘‘(ii) travel or transportation expenses under section 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(B) S
TATUS .—A member of a committee established under this subsection shall not be considered to be an officer or employee of the United States for any purpose based on the receipt of any payment under this para-graph. ‘‘(7) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) does not apply to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7001 November 15, 2018 
a committee established under this sub-section.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING COMMITTEE .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law— (1) an advisory committee substantially similar to the National Maritime Security Advisory Committee established under sec-tion 70112(a) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, and that was in force or in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this section, may remain in force or in effect for a period of 2 years from the date of enactment of this section, includ-ing that the charter, membership, and other aspects of the committee may remain in force or in effect; and (2) during the 2-year period referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) requirements relating to the National Maritime Security Advisory Committee es-tablished under section 70112(a) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this sec-tion, shall be treated as satisfied by the sub-stantially similar advisory committee; and (B) the enactment of this section, includ-ing the amendments made in this section, shall not be the basis— (i) to deem, find, or declare such com-mittee, including the charter, membership, and other aspects thereof, void, not in force, or not in effect; (ii) to suspend the activities of such com-mittee; or (iii) to bar the members of such committee from meeting. TITLE VII—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 702. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 308 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$24,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$28,012,310 for fiscal year 2018 and $28,544,543 for fiscal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 703. REPORTING ON IMPACT OF ALLIANCES ON COMPETITION. 
Section 306 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) an analysis of the impacts on competi-tion for the purchase of certain covered serv-ices by alliances of ocean common carriers acting pursuant to an agreement under this part between or among ocean common car-riers, including a summary of actions, in-cluding corrective actions, taken by the Commission to promote such competition.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF CERTAIN COVERED SERV-
ICES.—In this section, the term ‘certain cov-ered services’ has the meaning given the term in section 40102.’’. 
SEC. 704. DEFINITION OF CERTAIN COVERED SERVICES. 
Section 40102 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (25) as paragraphs (6) through (26), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN COVERED SERVICES .—For pur- poses of sections 41105 and 41307, the term ‘certain covered services’ means, with re-spect to a vessel— ‘‘(A) the berthing or bunkering of the ves-sel; ‘‘(B) the loading or unloading of cargo to or from the vessel to or from a point on a wharf or terminal; ‘‘(C) the positioning, removal, or replace-ment of buoys related to the movement of the vessel; and ‘‘(D) with respect to injunctive relief under section 41307, towing vessel services provided to such a vessel.’’. SEC. 705. REPORTS FILED WITH THE COMMIS-SION. 
Section 40104(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission may require a common carrier or marine terminal operator, or an officer, receiver, trustee, lessee, agent, or employee of the common carrier or marine terminal operator to file with the Commission a peri-odical or special report, an account, record, rate, or charge, or a memorandum of facts and transactions related to the business of the common carrier or marine terminal op-erator, as applicable. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any report, account, record, rate, charge, or memorandum re-quired to be filed under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be made under oath if the Commission requires; and ‘‘(B) be filed in the form and within the time prescribed by the Commission. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The Commission shall— ‘‘(A) limit the scope of any filing ordered under this section to fulfill the objective of the order; and ‘‘(B) provide a reasonable period of time for respondents to respond based upon their capabilities and the scope of the order.’’. 
SEC. 706. PUBLIC PARTICIPATION. 
(a) N OTICE OF FILING .—Section 40304(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) N
OTICE OF FILING .—Not later than 7 days after the date an agreement is filed, the Federal Maritime Commission shall— ‘‘(1) transmit a notice of the filing to the Federal Register for publication; and ‘‘(2) request interested persons to submit relevant information and documents.’’. (b) R
EQUEST FOR INFORMATION AND DOCU-
MENTS .—Section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘part’’. (c) S
AVING CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion, or the amendments made by this sec-tion, may be construed— (1) to prevent the Federal Maritime Com-mission from requesting from a person, at any time, any additional information or doc-uments the Commission considers necessary to carry out chapter 403 of title 46, United States Code; (2) to prescribe a specific deadline for the submission of relevant information and doc-uments in response to a request under sec-tion 40304(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code; or (3) to limit the authority of the Commis-sion to request information under section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code. 
SEC. 707. OCEAN TRANSPORTATION INTER-MEDIARIES. 
(a) L ICENSE REQUIREMENT .—Section 40901(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘advertise, hold oneself out, or’’ after ‘‘may not’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 40901 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) and section 40902 do not apply to a person that performs ocean transportation intermediary services on behalf of an ocean transportation intermediary for which it is a disclosed agent.’’. (c) F
INANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY .—Section 40902(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘advertise, hold one-self out, or’’ after ‘‘may not’’. SEC. 708. COMMON CARRIERS. 
(a) Section 41104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘A common carrier’’; (2) in subsection (a), as designated— (A) by amending paragraph (11) to read as follows: ‘‘(11) knowingly and willfully accept cargo from or transport cargo for the account of a non-vessel-operating common carrier that does not have a tariff as required by section 40501 of this title, or an ocean transportation intermediary that does not have a bond, in-surance, or other surety as required by sec-tion 40902 of this title;’’; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) continue to participate simulta-neously in a rate discussion agreement and an agreement to share vessels, in the same trade, if the interplay of the authorities ex-ercised by the specified agreements is likely, by a reduction in competition, to produce an unreasonable reduction in transportation service or an unreasonable increase in trans-portation cost.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, there is no private right of action to enforce the pro-hibition under subsection (a)(13). ‘‘(c) A
GREEMENT VIOLATION .—Participants in an agreement found by the Commission to violate subsection (a)(13) shall have 90 days from the date of such Commission finding to withdraw from the agreement as necessary to comply with that subsection.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 41104(a)(13) of title 46, United States Code, as amended, shall apply to any agreement filed or with an effective date before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 709. NEGOTIATIONS. 
(a) C ONCERTED ACTION .—Section 41105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (7) through (10), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) negotiate with a tug or towing vessel service provider on any matter relating to rates or services provided within the United States by those tugs or towing vessels; ‘‘(6) with respect to a vessel operated by an ocean common carrier within the United States, negotiate for the purchase of certain covered services, unless the negotiations and any resulting agreements are not in viola-tion of the antitrust laws and are consistent with the purposes of this part, except that this paragraph does not prohibit the setting and publishing of a joint through rate by a conference, joint venture, or association of ocean common carriers;’’. (b) A
UTHORITY .—Chapter 411 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after section 41105 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 41105A. Authority ‘‘Nothing in section 41105, as amended by the Federal Maritime Commission Author-ization Act of 2017, shall be construed to limit the authority of the Department of Justice regarding antitrust matters.’’; and (2) in the analysis at the beginning of chap-ter 411, by inserting after the item relating to section 41105 the following: ‘‘41105A. Authority.’’. (c) E
XEMPTION .—Section 40307(b)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘tug operators,’’ after ‘‘motor carriers,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7002 November 15, 2018 
SEC. 710. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF SOUGHT BY THE COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 41307(b) of title 46, United States Code is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘or to sub-stantially lessen competition in the pur-chasing of certain covered services’’ after ‘‘transportation cost’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
OMPETITION FACTORS .—In making a determination under this subsection regard-ing whether an agreement is likely to sub-stantially lessen competition in the pur-chasing of certain covered services, the Com-mission may consider any relevant competi-tion factors in affected markets, including, without limitation, the competitive effect of agreements other than the agreement under review.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 41307(b) of title 46, United States Code, as amended, shall apply to any agreement filed or with an ef-fective date before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 711. DISCUSSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 303 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 303. Meetings ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission shall be deemed to be an agency for purposes of section 552b of title 5. ‘‘(b) R
ECORD .—The Commission, through its secretary, shall keep a record of its meet-ings and the votes taken on any action, order, contract, or financial transaction of the Commission. ‘‘(c) N
ONPUBLIC COLLABORATIVE DISCUS -
SIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 552b of title 5, a majority of the Commis-sioners may hold a meeting that is not open to public observation to discuss official agency business if— ‘‘(A) no formal or informal vote or other official agency action is taken at the meet-ing; ‘‘(B) each individual present at the meet-ing is a Commissioner or an employee of the Commission; ‘‘(C) at least 1 Commissioner from each po-litical party is present at the meeting, if ap-plicable; and ‘‘(D) the General Counsel of the Commis-sion is present at the meeting. ‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE OF NONPUBLIC COLLABO -
RATIVE DISCUSSIONS .—Except as provided under paragraph (3), not later than 2 business days after the conclusion of a meeting under paragraph (1), the Commission shall make available to the public, in a place easily ac-cessible to the public— ‘‘(A) a list of the individuals present at the meeting; and ‘‘(B) a summary of the matters discussed at the meeting, except for any matters the Commission properly determines may be withheld from the public under section 552b(c) of title 5. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—If the Commission prop-erly determines matters may be withheld from the public under section 555b(c) of title 5, the Commission shall provide a summary with as much general information as possible on those matters withheld from the public. ‘‘(4) O
NGOING PROCEEDINGS .—If a meeting under paragraph (1) directly relates to an on-going proceeding before the Commission, the Commission shall make the disclosure under paragraph (2) on the date of the final Com-mission decision. ‘‘(5) P
RESERVATION OF OPEN MEETINGS RE -
QUIREMENTS FOR AGENCY ACTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to a meeting of the Commis-sioners other than that described in this sub-section. ‘‘(6) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed— ‘‘(A) to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to any informa-tion which is proposed to be withheld from the public under paragraph (2)(B) of this sub-section; or ‘‘(B) to authorize the Commission to with-hold from any individual any record that is accessible to that individual under section 552a of title 5.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by amending the item relating to section 303 to read as fol-lows: ‘‘303. Meetings.’’. 
SEC. 712. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Maritime Commission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives biannual reports that describe the Commission’s progress toward addressing the issues raised in each unfinished regulatory proceeding, regardless of whether the pro-ceeding is subject to a statutory or regu-latory deadline. (b) F
ORMAT OF REPORTS .—Each report under subsection (a) shall, among other things, clearly identify for each unfinished regulatory proceeding— (1) the popular title; (2) the current stage of the proceeding; (3) an abstract of the proceeding; (4) what prompted the action in question; (5) any applicable statutory, regulatory, or judicial deadline; (6) the associated docket number; (7) the date the rulemaking was initiated; (8) a date for the next action; and (9) if a date for next action identified in the previous report is not met, the reason for the delay. 
SEC. 713. STUDY OF BANKRUPTCY PREPARATION AND RESPONSE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study that examines the immediate aftermath of a major ocean carrier bankruptcy and its im-pact through the supply chain. The study shall consider any financial mechanisms that could be used to mitigate the impact of any future bankruptcy events on the supply chain. (b) R
EPORT .—No later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report containing the findings, con-clusions, and recommendations, if any, from the study required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 714. AGREEMENTS UNAFFECTED. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed— (1) to limit or amend the definition of ‘‘agreement’’ in section 40102(1) of title 46, United States Code, with respect to the ex-clusion of maritime labor agreements; or (2) to apply to a maritime labor agreement (as defined in section 40102(15) of that title). TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 801. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE REPORTING RE-QUIREMENT. 
Subsection (h) of section 888 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 468) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 802. CORRECTIONS TO PROVISIONS EN-ACTED BY COAST GUARD AUTHOR-IZATION ACTS. 
Section 604(b) of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3061) is amended by inserting ‘‘and fishery endorse-ment’’ after ‘‘endorsement’’. SEC. 803. OFFICER EVALUATION REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall reduce lieutenant junior grade evaluation re-ports to the same length as an ensign or place lieutenant junior grade evaluations on an annual schedule. (b) S
URVEYS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall con-duct surveys of— (1) outgoing promotion board members and assignment officers to determine, at a min-imum— (A) which sections of the officer evaluation report were most useful; (B) which sections of the officer evaluation report were least useful; (C) how to better reflect high performers; and (D) any recommendations for improving the officer evaluation report; and (2) at least 10 percent of the officers from each grade of officers from O1 to O6 to deter-mine how much time each member of the rating chain spends on that member’s por-tion of the officer evaluation report. (c) R
EVISIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 4 years after the date of the completion of the sur-veys required by subsection (b), the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall revise the officer evaluation report, and provide cor-responding directions, taking into account the requirements under paragraph (2). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In revising the officer evaluation report under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall— (A) consider the findings of the surveys under subsection (b); (B) improve administrative efficiency; (C) reduce and streamline performance di-mensions and narrative text; (D) eliminate redundancy with the officer specialty management system and any other record information systems that are used during the officer assignment or promotion process; (E) provide for fairness and equity for Coast Guard officers with regard to pro-motion boards, selection panels, and the as-signment process; and (F) ensure officer evaluation responsibil-ities can be accomplished within normal working hours— (i) to minimize any impact to officer du-ties; and (ii) to eliminate any need for an officer to take liberty or leave for administrative pur-poses. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 545 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the findings of the surveys under subsection (b). (2) F
ORMAT .—The report under paragraph (1) shall be formatted by each rank, type of board, and position, as applicable. 
SEC. 804. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
Section 404 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2950) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the text preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sections 3304, 5333, and 5753’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3304’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b), and redesig-nating subsection (c) as subsection (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7003 November 15, 2018 
SEC. 805. COAST GUARD ROTC PROGRAM. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the costs and benefits of creating a Coast Guard Reserve Officers’ Training Corps Program based on the other Armed Forces programs. 
SEC. 806. CURRENCY DETECTION CANINE TEAM PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ANINE CURRENCY DETECTION TEAM .—The term ‘‘canine currency detection team’’ means a canine and a canine handler that are trained to detect currency. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a program to allow the use of canine currency detection teams for purposes of Coast Guard maritime law enforcement, including underway vessel boardings. (c) O
PERATION .—The Secretary may co-operate with, or enter into an agreement with, the head of another Federal agency to meet the requirements under subsection (b). 
SEC. 807. CENTER OF EXPERTISE FOR GREAT LAKES OIL SPILL SEARCH AND RE-SPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall estab-lish a Center of Expertise for Great Lakes Oil Spill Preparedness and Response (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Center of Ex-pertise’’) in accordance with section 313 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act. (b) L
OCATION .—The Center of Expertise shall be located in close proximity to— (1) critical crude oil transportation infra-structure on and connecting the Great Lakes, such as submerged pipelines and high- traffic navigation locks; and (2) an institution of higher education with adequate aquatic research laboratory facili-ties and capabilities and expertise in Great Lakes aquatic ecology, environmental chem-istry, fish and wildlife, and water resources. (c) F
UNCTIONS .—The Center of Expertise shall— (1) monitor and assess, on an ongoing basis, the current state of knowledge regard-ing freshwater oil spill response technologies and the behavior and effects of oil spills in the Great Lakes; (2) identify any significant gaps in Great Lakes oil spill research, including an assess-ment of major scientific or technological de-ficiencies in responses to past spills in the Great Lakes and other freshwater bodies, and seek to fill those gaps; (3) conduct research, development, testing, and evaluation for freshwater oil spill re-sponse equipment, technologies, and tech-niques to mitigate and respond to oil spills in the Great Lakes; (4) educate and train Federal, State, and local first responders located in Coast Guard District 9 in— (A) the incident command system struc-ture; (B) Great Lakes oil spill response tech-niques and strategies; and (C) public affairs; and (5) work with academic and private sector response training centers to develop and standardize maritime oil spill response training and techniques for use on the Great Lakes. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Great Lakes’’ means Lake Superior, Lake Michigan, Lake Huron, Lake Erie, and Lake Ontario. SEC. 808. PUBLIC SAFETY ANSWERING POINTS AND MARITIME SEARCH AND RES-CUE COORDINATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall review Coast Guard policies and proce-dures for public safety answering points and search-and-rescue coordination with State and local law enforcement entities in order to— (A) further minimize the possibility of maritime 911 calls being improperly routed; and (B) assure the Coast Guard is able to effec-tively carry out the Coast Guard’s maritime search and rescue mission; and (2) the Commandant shall— (A) formulate a national maritime public safety answering points policy; and (B) submit a report to the Congress on such assessment and policy, which shall include an update to the report submitted in accord-ance with section 233 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014. 
SEC. 809. SHIP SHOAL LIGHTHOUSE TRANSFER: REPEAL. 
Effective January 1, 2021, section 27 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1991 (Pub-lic Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2218) is repealed. 
SEC. 810. LAND EXCHANGE, AYAKULIK ISLAND, ALASKA. 
(a) L AND EXCHANGE ; A YAKULIK ISLAND , A
LASKA .—If the owner of Ayakulik Island, Alaska, offers to exchange the Island for the Tract— (1) within 10 days after receiving such offer, the Secretary shall provide notice of the offer to the Commandant; (2) within 90 days after receiving the notice under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall develop and transmit to the Secretary pro-posed operational restrictions on commer-cial activity conducted on the Tract, includ-ing the right of the Commandant to— (A) order the immediate termination, for a period of up to 72 hours, of any activity oc-curring on or from the Tract that violates or threatens to violate one or more of such re-strictions; or (B) commence a civil action for appro-priate relief, including a permanent or tem-porary injunction enjoining the activity that violates or threatens to violate such restric-tions; (3) within 90 days after receiving the pro-posed operational restrictions from the Com-mandant, the Secretary shall transmit such restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island; and (4) within 30 days after transmitting the proposed operational restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island, and if the owner agrees to such restrictions, the Secretary shall convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner, subject to an easement granted to the Commandant to enforce such restrictions, in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (b) B
OUNDARY REVISIONS .—The Secretary may make technical and conforming revi-sions to the boundaries of the Tract before the date of the exchange. (c) P
UBLIC LAND ORDER .—Effective on the date of an exchange under subsection (a), Public Land Order 5550 shall have no force or effect with respect to submerged lands that are part of the Tract. (d) F
AILURE TO TIMELY RESPOND TO NO-
TICE.—If the Commandant does not transmit proposed operational restrictions to the Sec-retary within 30 days after receiving the no-tice under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall, by not later than 60 days after trans-mitting such notice, convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner of Ayakulik Island in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (e) CERCLA NOTAFFECTED .—This section and an exchange under this section shall not be construed to limit the application of or otherwise affect section 120(h) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMANDANT .—The term ‘‘Com-mandant’’ means the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) T
RACT .—The term ‘‘Tract’’ means the land (including submerged land) depicted as ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE AREA’’ on the survey titled ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE PARCEL’’ and dated 3/22/17. 
SEC. 811. USE OF TRACT 43. 
Section 524(e)(2) of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–120), as amended by section 3533 of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Amendments Act of 2016 (subtitle B of title XXXV of Public Law 114-328), is amended by— (1) striking ‘‘each month’’ and inserting ‘‘each April and October’’; and (2) striking ‘‘previous month’’ and insert-ing ‘‘previous six months’’. 
SEC. 812. COAST GUARD MARITIME DOMAIN AWARENESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall seek to enter into an arrange-ment with the National Academy of Sciences not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act under which the Acad-emy shall prepare an assessment of available unmanned, autonomous, or remotely con-trolled maritime domain awareness tech-nologies for use by the Coast Guard. (b) A
SSESSMENT .—The assessment shall— (1) describe the potential limitations of current and emerging unmanned tech-nologies used in the maritime domain for— (A) ocean observation; (B) vessel monitoring and identification; (C) weather observation; (D) to the extent practicable for consider-ation by the Academy, intelligence gath-ering, surveillance, and reconnaissance; and (E) communications; (2) examine how technologies described in paragraph (1) can help prioritize Federal in-vestment by examining; (A) affordability, including acquisition, op-erations, and maintenance; (B) reliability; (C) versatility; (D) efficiency; and (E) estimated service life and persistence of effort; and (3) analyze whether the use of new and emerging maritime domain awareness tech-nologies can be used to— (A) carry out Coast Guard missions at lower costs; (B) expand the scope and range of Coast Guard maritime domain awareness; (C) allow the Coast Guard to more effi-ciently and effectively allocate Coast Guard vessels, aircraft, and personnel; and (D) identify adjustments that would be necessary in Coast Guard policies, proce-dures, and protocols to incorporate un-manned technologies to enhance efficiency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7004 November 15, 2018 
(c) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after entering into an arrangement with the Secretary under subsection (a), the National Academy of Sciences shall submit the assessment prepared under this section to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure and Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (d) U
SE OF INFORMATION .—In formulating costs pursuant to subsection (b), the Na-tional Academy of Sciences may utilize in-formation from other Coast Guard reports, assessments, or analyses regarding existing Coast Guard manpower requirements or other reports, assessments, or analyses for the acquisition of unmanned, autonomous, or remotely controlled technologies by the Federal Government. 
SEC. 813. MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall conduct a 1-year pilot program to determine the impact of persistent use of dif-ferent types of surveillance systems on ille-gal maritime activities, including illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, in the Western Pacific region. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The pilot program shall— (1) consider the use of light aircraft-based detection systems that can identify poten-tial illegal activity from high altitudes and produce enforcement-quality evidence at low altitudes; and (2) be directed at detecting and deterring illegal maritime activities, including illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, and en-hancing maritime domain awareness. 
SEC. 814. REIMBURSEMENTS FOR NON-FEDERAL CONSTRUCTION COSTS OF CERTAIN AIDS TO NAVIGATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of amounts specifically provided in advance in subsequent appropriations Acts and in accordance with this section, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may reim-burse a non-Federal entity for costs incurred by the entity for a covered project. (b) C
ONDITIONS .—The Commandant may not provide reimbursement under subsection (a) with respect to a covered project unless— (1) the need for the project is a result of the completion of construction with respect to a federally authorized navigation channel; (2) the Commandant determines, through an appropriate navigation safety analysis, that the project is necessary to ensure safe marine transportation; (3) the Commandant approves the design of the project to ensure that it meets all appli-cable Coast Guard aids-to-navigation stand-ards and requirements; (4) the non-Federal entity agrees to trans-fer the project upon completion to the Coast Guard for operation and maintenance by the Coast Guard as a Federal aid to navigation; (5) the non-Federal entity carries out the project in accordance with the same laws and regulations that would apply to the Coast Guard if the Coast Guard carried out the project, including obtaining all permits required for the project under Federal and State law; and (6) the Commandant determines that the project satisfies such additional require-ments as may be established by the Com-mandant. (c) L
IMITATIONS .—Reimbursements under subsection (a) may not exceed the following: (1) For a single covered project, $5,000,000. (2) For all covered projects in a single fis-cal year, $5,000,000. (d) E
XPIRATION .—The authority granted under this section shall expire on the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of this section. (e) COVERED PROJECT DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered project’’ means a project carried out— (1) by a non-Federal entity to construct and establish an aid to navigation that fa-cilitates safe and efficient marine transpor-tation on a Federal navigation project au-thorized by title I of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 114); and (2) in an area that was affected by Hurri-cane Harvey. 
SEC. 815. TOWING SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FEES. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— (1) review and compare the costs to the Government of— (A) towing vessel inspections performed by the Coast Guard; and (B) such inspections performed by a third party; and (2) based on such review and comparison, determine whether the costs to the Govern-ment of such inspections performed by a third party are different than the costs to the Government of such inspections per-formed by the Coast Guard. (b) R
EVISION OF FEES.—If the Commandant determines under subsection (a) that the costs to the Government of such inspections performed by a third party are different than the costs to the Government of such inspec-tions performed by the Coast Guard, then the Commandant shall revise the fee as-sessed by the Coast Guard for such inspec-tions as necessary to conform to the require-ments under section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, that such fee be based on the cost to the Government of such inspections and accurately reflect such costs. 
SEC. 816. OIL SPILL DISBURSEMENTS AUDITING AND REPORT. 
Section 1012 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712) is amended— (1) by repealing subsection (g); (2) in subsection (l)(1), by striking ‘‘Within one year after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010, and annually thereafter,’’ and inserting ‘‘Each year, on the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code,’’; and (3) by amending subsection (l)(2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— ‘‘(A) a list of each incident that— ‘‘(i) occurred in the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, total-ing $500,000 or more; ‘‘(B) a list of each incident that— ‘‘(i) occurred in the fiscal year preceding the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, total-ing $500,000 or more; and ‘‘(C) an accounting of any amounts reim-bursed to the Fund in the preceding fiscal year that were recovered from a responsible party for an incident that resulted in dis-bursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, totaling $500,000 or more.’’. 
SEC. 817. FLEET REQUIREMENTS ASSESSMENT AND STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with in-terested Federal and non-Federal stake-holders, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report including— (1) an assessment of Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements to support its statutory missions established in the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.); and (2) a strategic plan for meeting the require-ments identified under paragraph (1). (b) CONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of— (A) the extent to which the Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements re-ferred to in subsection (a)(1) are currently being met; (B) the Coast Guard’s current fleet, its operational lifespan, and how the anticipated changes in the age and distribution of vessels in the fleet will impact the ability to meet at-sea operational requirements; (C) fleet operations and recommended im-provements to minimize costs and extend operational vessel life spans; and (D) the number of Fast Response Cutters, Offshore Patrol Cutters, and National Secu-rity Cutters needed to meet at-sea oper-ational requirements as compared to planned acquisitions under the current programs of record; (2) an analysis of— (A) how the Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements are currently met, includ-ing the use of the Coast Guard’s current cut-ter fleet, agreements with partners, char-tered vessels, and unmanned vehicle tech-nology; and (B) whether existing and planned cutter programs of record (including the Fast Re-sponse Cutter, Offshore Patrol Cutter, and National Security Cutter) will enable the Coast Guard to meet at-sea operational re-quirements; and (3) a description of— (A) planned manned and unmanned vessel acquisition; and (B) how such acquisitions will change the extent to which the Coast Guard at-sea oper-ational requirements are met. (c) C
ONSULTATION AND TRANSPARENCY .— (1) C
ONSULTATION .—In consulting with the Federal and non-Federal stakeholders under subsection (a), the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (A) provide the stakeholders with opportu-nities for input— (i) prior to initially drafting the report, in-cluding the assessment and strategic plan; and (ii) not later than 3 months prior to final-izing the report, including the assessment and strategic plan, for submission; and (B) document the input and its disposition in the report. (2) T
RANSPARENCY .—All input provided under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public. (d) E
NSURING MARITIME COVERAGE .—In order to meet Coast Guard mission require-ments for search and rescue, ports, water-ways, and coastal security, and maritime en-vironmental response during recapitalization of Coast Guard vessels, the Coast Guard shall ensure continuity of the coverage, to the maximum extent practicable, in the loca-tions that may lose assets. 
SEC. 818. NATIONAL SECURITY CUTTER. 
(a) S TANDARD METHOD FOR TRACKING .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may not certify an eighth National Security Cutter as Ready for Operations before the date on which the Commandant provides to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— (1) a notification of a new standard method for tracking operational employment of Coast Guard major cutters that does not in-clude time during which such a cutter is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7005 November 15, 2018 
away from its homeport for maintenance or repair; and (2) a report analyzing cost and performance for different approaches to achieving varied levels of operational employment using the standard method required by paragraph (1) that, at a minimum— (A) compares over a 30-year period the av-erage annualized baseline cost and perform-ances for a certified National Security Cut-ter that operated for 185 days away from homeport or an equivalent alternative meas-ure of operational tempo— (i) against the cost of a 15 percent increase in days away from homeport or an equiva-lent alternative measure of operational tempo for a National Security Cutter; and (ii) against the cost of the acquisition and operation of an additional National Security Cutter; and (B) examines the optimal level of oper-ational employment of National Security Cutters to balance National Security Cutter cost and mission performance. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 221(b) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (126 Stat. 1560) is repealed. (2) Section 204(c)(1) of the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 35) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 819. ACQUISITION PLAN FOR INLAND WA-TERWAY AND RIVER TENDERS AND BAY-CLASS ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) A CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan to replace or extend the life of the Coast Guard fleet of inland wa-terway and river tenders, and the Bay-class icebreakers. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the work required to ex-tend the life of vessels described in sub-section (a); (2) recommendations for which, if any, such vessels it is cost effective to undertake a ship-life extension or enhanced mainte-nance program; (3) an analysis of the aids to navigation program to determine if advances in naviga-tion technology may reduce the needs for physical aids to navigation; (4) recommendations for changes to phys-ical aids to navigation and the distribution of such aids that reduce the need for the ac-quisition of vessels to replace the vessels de-scribed in subsection (a); (5) a schedule for the acquisition of vessels to replace the vessels described in subsection (a), including the date on which the first ves-sel will be delivered; (6) the date such acquisition will be com-plete; (7) a description of the order and location of replacement vessels; (8) an estimate of the cost per vessel and of the total cost of the acquisition program of record; and (9) an analysis of whether existing vessels can be used. 
SEC. 820. GREAT LAKES ICEBREAKER ACQUISI-TION. 
(a) I CEBREAKING ON THE GREAT LAKES .—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for the construction of an icebreaker that is at least as capable as the Coast Guard Cutter Mackinaw to enhance icebreaking capacity on the Great Lakes. (b) A
CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit a plan to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives for acquiring an icebreaker described in subsections (a) and (b). Such plan shall include— (1) the details and schedule of the acquisi-tion activities to be completed; and (2) a description of how the funding for Coast Guard acquisition, construction, and improvements that was appropriated under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) will be allocated to sup-port the acquisition activities referred to in paragraph (1). SEC. 821. POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) E NHANCED MAINTENANCE PROGRAM FOR  
THEPOLAR STAR.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall conduct an en-hanced maintenance program on Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) to extend the service life of such vessel until at least December 31, 2025. (2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with Naval Sea Systems Command, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a detailed report describing a plan to extend the service life of the Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) until at least December 31, 2025, through an enhanced maintenance program. (3) C
ONTENT .—The report required by para-graph (2) shall include the following: (A) An assessment and discussion of the enhanced maintenance program rec-ommended by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine’s Com-mittee on Polar Icebreaker Cost Assessment in the letter report ‘‘Acquisition and Oper-ation of Polar Icebreakers: Fulfilling the Na-tion’s Needs’’. (B) An assessment and discussion of the Government Accountability Office’s con-cerns and recommendations regarding serv-ice life extension work on Coast Guard Cut-ter Polar Star (WAGB–10) in the report ‘‘Sta-tus of the Coast Guard’s Polar Icebreaking Fleet Capability and Recapitalization Plan’’. (C) Based upon a materiel condition assess-ment of the Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10)— (i) a description of the service life exten-sion needs of the vessel; (ii) detailed information regarding planned shipyard work for each fiscal year to meet such needs; and (iii) an estimate of the amount needed to be appropriated to complete the enhanced maintenance program. (D) A plan to ensure the vessel will main-tain seasonally operational status during the enhanced maintenance program. (4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— The Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by section 202 of this Act, for the enhanced maintenance program described in the report required by subsection (a). (b) C
OAST GUARD AND MARITIME TRANSPOR -
TATION ACT OF 2012; A MENDMENT .—Section 222 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–213), as amended, is further amended as follows: (1) by striking subsections (a) through (d); (2) by redesignating subsections (e) through (g) as subsections (a) through (c), re-spectively; (3) in subsection (a), as redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in sub-section (c), the Commandant’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commandant’’; (B) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘Polar Sea or’’; (C) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘either of the vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘the Polar Star or the Polar Sea’’; and (D) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘either of the vessels’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘the Polar Star’’. SEC. 822. STRATEGIC ASSETS IN THE ARCTIC. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Arctic continues to grow in signifi-cance to both the national security interests and the economic prosperity of the United States; and (2) the Coast Guard must ensure it is posi-tioned to respond to any accident, incident, or threat with appropriate assets. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and taking into consideration the Department of De-fense 2016 Arctic Strategy, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the progress toward implementing the stra-tegic objectives described in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013. (d) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (c) shall include— (1) a description of the Coast Guard’s progress toward each strategic objective identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013; (2) an assessment of the assets and infra-structure necessary to meet the strategic ob-jectives identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013 based on factors such as— (A) response time; (B) coverage area; (C) endurance on scene; (D) presence; and (E) deterrence; (3) an analysis of the sufficiency of the dis-tribution of National Security Cutters, Off-shore Patrol Cutters, and Fast Response Cut-ters both stationed in various Alaskan ports and in other locations to meet the strategic objectives identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy, dated May 2013; (4) plans to provide communications throughout the entire Coastal Western Alas-ka Captain of the Port zone to improve wa-terway safety and mitigate close calls, colli-sions, and other dangerous interactions be-tween the shipping industry and subsistence hunters; (5) plans to prevent marine casualties, when possible, by ensuring vessels avoid en-vironmentally sensitive areas and perma-nent security zones; (6) an explanation of— (A) whether it is feasible to establish a ves-sel traffic service, using existing resources or otherwise; and (B) whether an Arctic Response Center of Expertise is necessary to address the gaps in experience, skills, equipment, resources, training, and doctrine to prepare, respond to, and recover spilled oil in the Arctic; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7006 November 15, 2018 
(7) an assessment of whether sufficient agreements are in place to ensure the Coast Guard is receiving the information it needs to carry out its responsibilities. 
SEC. 823. ARCTIC PLANNING CRITERIA. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE PLANNING CRITERIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), the Commandant of the Coast Guard may ap-prove a vessel response plan under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321) for a vessel operating in any area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone (as established by the Commandant) that includes the Arctic, if the Commandant verifies that— (A) equipment required to be available for response under the plan has been tested and proven capable of operating in the environ-mental conditions expected in the area in which it is intended to be operated; and (B) the operators of such equipment have conducted training on the equipment within the area covered by such Captain of the Port Zone. (2) P
OST-APPROVAL REQUIREMENTS .—In ap- proving a vessel response plan under para-graph (1), the Commandant shall— (A) require that the oil spill removal orga-nization identified in the vessel response plan conduct regular exercises and drills using the response resources identified in the plan in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone that includes the Arctic; and (B) allow such oil spill removal organiza-tion to take credit for a response to an ac-tual spill or release in the area covered by such Captain of the Port Zone, instead of conducting an exercise or drill required under subparagraph (A), if the oil spill re-moval organization— (i) documents which exercise or drill re-quirements were met during the response; and (ii) submits a request for credit to, and re-ceives approval from, the Commandant. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the oil spill prevention and response capabilities for the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone (as established by the Commandant) that includes the Arc-tic. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of equipment and assets available for response under the vessel re-sponse plans approved for vessels operating in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone, including details on any providers of such equipment and assets. (B) A description of the location of such equipment and assets, including an estimate of the time to deploy the equipment and as-sets. (C) A determination of how effectively such equipment and assets are distributed throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (D) A statement regarding whether the ability to maintain and deploy such equip-ment and assets is taken into account when measuring the equipment and assets avail-able throughout the area covered by the Cap-tain of the Port Zone. (E) A validation of the port assessment visit process and response resource inventory for response under the vessel response plans approved for vessels operating in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (F) A determination of the compliance rate with Federal vessel response plan regula-tions in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone during the previous 3 years. (G) A description of the resources needed throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone to conduct port assess-ments, exercises, response plan reviews, and spill responses. (c) DEFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term under section 112 of the Arctic Re-search and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). 
SEC. 824. VESSEL RESPONSE PLAN AUDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a comprehensive review of the processes and resources used by the Coast Guard to implement vessel response plan requirements under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321). (b) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS OF REVIEW .—The review required under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, include— (1) a study, or an audit if appropriate, of the processes the Coast Guard uses— (A) to approve the vessel response plans re-ferred to in subsection (a); (B) to approve alternate planning criteria used in lieu of National Planning Criteria in approving such plans; (C) to verify compliance with such plans; and (D) to act in the event of a failure to com-ply with the requirements of such plans; (2) an examination of all Federal and State agency resources used by the Coast Guard in carrying out the processes identified under paragraph (1), including— (A) the current staffing model and organi-zation; (B) data, software, simulators, systems, or other technology, including those pertaining to weather, oil spill trajectory modeling, and risk management; (C) the total amount of time per fiscal year expended by Coast Guard personnel to ap-prove and verify compliance with vessel re-sponse plans; and (D) the average amount of time expended by the Coast Guard for approval of, and verification of compliance with, a single ves-sel response plan; (3) an analysis of how, including by what means or methods, the processes identified under paragraph (1)— (A) ensure compliance with applicable law; (B) are implemented by the Coast Guard, including at the district and sector levels; (C) are informed by public comment and engagement with States, Indian Tribes, and other regional stakeholders; (D) ensure availability and adequate oper-ational capability and capacity of required assets and equipment, including in cases in which contractual obligations may limit the availability of such assets and equipment for response; (E) provide for adequate asset and equip-ment mobilization time requirements, par-ticularly with respect to— (i) calculation and establishment of such requirements; (ii) verifying compliance with such re-quirements; and (iii) factoring in weather, including spe-cific regional adverse weather as defined in section 155.1020 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, in calculating, establishing, and verifying compliance with such require-ments; (F) ensure response plan updates and vessel compliance when changes occur in response planning criteria, asset and equipment mobi-lization times, or regional response needs, such as trends in transportation of high gravity oils or changes in vessel traffic vol-ume; and (G) enable effective action by the Coast Guard in the event of a failure to comply with response plan requirements; (4) a determination regarding whether asset and equipment mobilization time re-quirements under approved vessel response plans can be met by the vessels to which they apply; and (5) recommendations for improving the processes identified under paragraph (1), in-cluding recommendations regarding the suf-ficiency of Coast Guard resources dedicated to those processes. SEC. 825. WATERS DEEMED NOT NAVIGABLE WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES. 
For purposes of the application of subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, to the Vol- unteer (Hull Number CCA4108), the Illinois and Michigan Canal is deemed to not be nav-igable waters of the United States. 
SEC. 826. DOCUMENTATION OF RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Coast Guard personnel performing nonrec-reational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform rec-reational vessel documentation under sec-tion 12114 of such title in any fiscal year in which— (1) funds available for Coast Guard oper-ating expenses may not be used for expenses incurred for recreational vessel documenta-tion; (2) fees collected from owners of yachts and credited to such use are insufficient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documenta-tion; and (3) there is a backlog of applications for recreational vessel documentation. 
SEC. 827. EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS; EXEMP-TION FROM THROWABLE PERSONAL FLOTATION DEVICES REQUIRE-MENT. 
Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating shall— (1) prescribe regulations in part 160 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, that treat a marine throw bag, as that term is commonly used in the commercial whitewater rafting industry, as a type of lifesaving equipment; and (2) revise section 175.17 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to exempt rafts that are 16 feet or more overall in length from the requirement to carry an additional throwable personal flotation device when such a marine throw bag is onboard and ac-cessible. 
SEC. 828. VISUAL DISTRESS SIGNALS AND ALTER-NATIVE USE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall develop a performance standard for the alternative use and possession of vis-ual distress alerting and locating signals as mandated by carriage requirements for rec-reational boats in subpart C of part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the performance standard for alter-native use and possession of visual distress alerting and locating signals is finalized, the Secretary shall revise part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to allow for carriage of such alternative signal devices. 
SEC. 829. RADAR REFRESHER TRAINING. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall prescribe a final rule eliminating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7007 November 15, 2018 
the requirement that a mariner actively using the mariner’s credential complete an approved refresher or recertification course to maintain a radar observer endorsement. This rulemaking shall be exempt from chap-ters 5 and 6 of title 5, United States Code, and Executive Orders 12866 and 13563. 
SEC. 830. COMMERCIAL FISHING VESSEL SAFETY NATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS PLAN. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR PLAN.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall de-velop and submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a national communications plan for the purposes of— (1) disseminating information to the com-mercial fishing vessel industry; (2) conducting outreach with the commer-cial fishing vessel industry; (3) facilitating interaction with the com-mercial fishing vessel industry; and (4) releasing information collected under section 15102 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this Act, to the commercial fish-ing vessel industry. (b) C
ONTENT .—The plan required by sub-section (a), and each annual update, shall— (1) identify staff, resources, and systems available to the Secretary to ensure the widest dissemination of information to the commercial fishing vessel industry; (2) include a means to document all com-munication and outreach conducted with the commercial fishing vessel industry; and (3) include a mechanism to measure effec-tiveness of such plan. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than one year after submission of the initial plan, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall implement the plan and shall at a minimum— (1) leverage Coast Guard staff, resources, and systems available; (2) monitor implementation nationwide to ensure adherence to plan contents; (3) allow each Captain of the Port to adopt the most effective strategy and means to communicate with commercial fishing vessel industry in that Captain of the Port Zone; (4) document communication and out-reach; and (5) solicit feedback from the commercial fishing vessel industry. (d) R
EPORT AND UPDATES .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (1) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the effectiveness of the plan to date and any updates to ensure maximum impact of the plan one year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 4 years thereafter; and (2) include in such report input from indi-vidual Captains of the Port and any feedback received from the commercial fishing vessel industry. 
SEC. 831. ATLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE STUDY RECOMMENDATIONS. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of action taken to carry out the recommendations contained in the final report issued by the Atlantic Coast Port Ac-cess Route Study (ACPARS) workgroup for which notice of availability was published March 14, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 13307). SEC. 832. DRAWBRIDGES. 
Section 5 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act mak-ing appropriations for the construction, re-pair, and preservation of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY CHANGES TO DRAWBRIDGE  O
PERATING SCHEDULES .—Notwithstanding section 553 of title 5, United States Code, whenever a temporary change to the oper-ating schedule of a drawbridge, lasting 180 days or less— ‘‘(1) is approved— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— ‘‘(i) issue a deviation approval letter to the bridge owner; and ‘‘(ii) announce the temporary change in— ‘‘(I) the Local Notice to Mariners; ‘‘(II) a broadcast notice to mariners and through radio stations; or ‘‘(III) such other local media as the Sec-retary considers appropriate; and ‘‘(B) the bridge owner, except a railroad bridge owner, shall notify— ‘‘(i) the public by publishing notice of the temporary change in a newspaper of general circulation published in the place where the bridge is located; ‘‘(ii) the department, agency, or office of transportation with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the approaches to the bridge; and ‘‘(iii) the law enforcement organization with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the approaches to the bridge; or ‘‘(2) is denied, the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the request, provide the bridge owner in writing the reasons for the denial, including any supporting data and evidence used to make the determination; and ‘‘(B) provide the bridge owner a reasonable opportunity to address each reason for the denial and resubmit the request. ‘‘(e) D
RAWBRIDGE MOVEMENTS .—The Sec- retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating— ‘‘(1) shall require a drawbridge operator to record each movement of the drawbridge in a logbook; ‘‘(2) may inspect the logbook to ensure drawbridge movement is in accordance with the posted operating schedule; ‘‘(3) shall review whether deviations from the posted operating schedule are impairing vehicular and pedestrian traffic; and ‘‘(4) may determine if the operating sched-ule should be adjusted for efficiency of mari-time or vehicular and pedestrian traffic. ‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) L
OGBOOKS .—An operator of a draw-bridge built across a navigable river or other water of the United States— ‘‘(A) that opens the draw of such bridge for the passage of a vessel, shall record in a log-book— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator for each opening; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened for navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed for navigation; ‘‘(v) the number and direction of vessels passing through during each opening; ‘‘(vi) the types of vessels passing through during each opening; ‘‘(vii) an estimated or known size (height, length, and beam) of the largest vessel pass-ing through during each opening; ‘‘(viii) for each vessel, the vessel name and registration number if easily observable; and ‘‘(ix) all maintenance openings, malfunc-tions, or other comments; and ‘‘(B) that remains open to navigation but closes to allow for trains to cross, shall record in a logbook— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening and closing; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened to navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed to navigation; and ‘‘(v) all maintenance openings, closings, malfunctions, or other comments. ‘‘(2) MAINTENANCE OF LOGBOOKS .—A draw- bridge operator shall maintain logbooks re-quired under paragraph (1) for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF LOGBOOKS .—At the re-quest of the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, a draw-bridge operator shall submit to the Sec-retary the logbook required under paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION .—The requirements under paragraph (1) shall be exempt from sections 3501 to 3521 of title 44, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 833. WAIVER. 
Section 8902 of title 46, United States Code, shall not apply to the chain ferry DIANE (United States official number CG002692) when such vessel is operating on the Kala-mazoo River in Saugatuck, Michigan. 
SEC. 834. FIRE-RETARDANT MATERIALS. 
Section 3503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3503. Fire-retardant materials ‘‘(a)(1) A passenger vessel of the United States having berth or stateroom accom-modations for at least 50 passengers shall be granted a certificate of inspection only if— ‘‘(A) the vessel is constructed of fire-re-tardant materials; and ‘‘(B) the vessel— ‘‘(i) is operating engines, boilers, main electrical distribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators that meet current Coast Guard regulations; and ‘‘(ii) is operating boilers and main elec-trical generators that are contained within noncombustible enclosures equipped with fire suppression systems. ‘‘(2) Before December 1, 2028, this sub-section does not apply to any vessel in oper-ation before January 1, 1968, and operating only within the Boundary Line. ‘‘(b)(1) The owner or managing operator of an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) shall— ‘‘(A) notify in writing prospective pas-sengers, prior to purchase, and each crew member that the vessel does not comply with applicable fire safety standards due pri-marily to the wooden construction of pas-senger berthing areas; ‘‘(B) display in clearly legible font promi-nently throughout the vessel, including in each state room the following: ‘THIS VES-SEL FAILS TO COMPLY WITH SAFETY RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE U.S. COAST GUARD.’; ‘‘(C) acquire prior to the vessel entering service, and maintain, liability insurance in an amount to be prescribed by the Federal Maritime Commission; ‘‘(D) make annual structural alteration to not less than 10 percent of the areas of the vessel that are not constructed of fire retard-ant materials; ‘‘(E) prioritize alterations in galleys, engi-neering areas of the vessel, including all spaces and compartments containing, or ad-jacent to spaces and compartments con-taining, engines, boilers, main electrical dis-tribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators; ‘‘(F) ensure, to the satisfaction of the Sec-retary, that the combustible fire-load has been reduced pursuant to subparagraph (D) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7008 November 15, 2018 
during each annual inspection for certifi-cation; ‘‘(G) ensure the vessel has multiple forms of egress off the vessel’s bow and stern; ‘‘(H) provide advance notice to the Coast Guard regarding the structural alterations made pursuant to subparagraph (D) and com-ply with any noncombustible material re-quirements prescribed by the Coast Guard; ‘‘(I) annually notify all ports of call and State emergency management offices of ju-risdiction that the vessel does not comply with the requirement under subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(J) provide crewmembers manning such vessel shipboard training that— ‘‘(i) is specialized for exempted vessels; ‘‘(ii) exceeds requirements related to standards for firefighting training under chapter I of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on October 1, 2017; and ‘‘(iii) is approved by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(K) to the extent practicable, take all steps to retain previously trained crew knowledgeable of such vessel or to hire crew trained in operations aboard exempted ves-sels. ‘‘(2) The owner or managing operator of an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) may not disclaim liability to a pas-senger or crew member of such vessel for death, injury, or any other loss caused by fire due to the negligence of the owner or managing operator. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) conduct an annual audit and inspec-tion of each exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2); ‘‘(B) in implementing subparagraph (b)(1)(F), consider, to the extent practicable, the goal of preservation of the historic integ-rity of such vessel in areas carrying or acces-sible to passengers or generally visible to the public; and ‘‘(C) prescribe regulations to carry out this section, including to prescribe the manner in which prospective passengers are to be noti-fied under paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(4) The penalties provided in section 3504(c) of this title shall apply to a violation of this subsection. ‘‘(c) In addition to otherwise applicable penalties, the Secretary may immediately withdraw a certificate of inspection for an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) that does not comply with any require-ment under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 835. VESSEL WAIVER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Upon the date of enact-ment of this Act and notwithstanding sec-tions 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary shall issue a certificate of documentation with coast-wise and fishery endorsements to the certifi-cated vessel. (b) R
EPLACEMENT VESSEL .—The certifi-cated vessel shall qualify as a replacement vessel for the vessel ‘‘AMERICA NO.1’’ (United States official number 610654) and not be precluded from operating as an Amendment 80 replacement vessel under the provisions of part 679 of title 50, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. (c) C
OAST GUARD REVIEW AND DETERMINA -
TION.— (1) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall conduct a review of the use of certain foreign fabricated steel components in the hull or superstructure of the certifi-cated vessel. (2) D
ETERMINATION .—Based on the review conducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall determine whether the shipyard that constructed the certificated vessel or the purchaser of the certificated vessel knew be-fore such components were procured or in-stalled that the use of such components would violate requirements under sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code. (3) REVOCATION .—If the Secretary deter-mines under paragraph (2) that the shipyard that constructed the certificated vessel or the purchaser of the certificated vessel knew before such components were procured or in-stalled that the use of such components would violate requirements under sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary shall im-mediately revoke the certificate of docu-mentation issued under subsection (a). (4) U
SE OF DOCUMENTS .—In conducting the review required under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary may request and review any informa-tion, correspondence, or documents related to the construction of the certificated vessel, including from the shipyard that constructed the certificated vessel and the purchaser of the certificated vessel. (d) T
ERMINATION .—If the contract for pur-chase of the certificated vessel that is in ef-fect on the date of enactment of this Act is terminated, the purchasing party to that contract shall be prohibited from entering into a subsequent contract or agreement for purchase of such vessel. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ERTIFICATED VESSEL .—The term ‘‘cer-tificated vessel’’ means the vessel America’s Finest (United States official number 1276760). (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 836. TEMPORARY LIMITATIONS. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon the Coast Guard issuing a certificate of documentation with coastwise and fishery endorsements for the vessel ‘‘AMERICA’S FINEST’’ (United States official number 1276760) and during any period such certificate is in effect, and subject to subsection (b), the total amount of groundfish harvested with respect to sub-paragraph (A) or the total amount of deliv-eries processed from other vessels with re-spect to subparagraph (B) by the vessels de-scribed in paragraph (2) shall not collec-tively exceed— (A) the percentage of the harvest available in any Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries (other than fisheries subject to a limited ac-cess privilege program created by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council) that is equivalent to the total harvest by the vessels described in paragraph (2) in those fisheries in the calendar years that a vessel described in paragraph (2) had harvest from 2012 through 2017 relative to the total allowable catch available to such vessels in the cal-endar years 2012 through 2017; or (B) the percentage of processing of deliv-eries from other vessels in any Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska ground-fish fisheries (including fisheries subject to a limited access privilege program created by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, or community development quotas as described in section 305(i) of the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i))) that is equiv-alent to the total processing of such deliv-eries by the vessels described in paragraph (2) in those fisheries in the calendar years 2012 through 2017 relative to the total allow-able catch available in the calendar years 2012 through 2017. (2) A
PPLICABLE VESSELS .—The limitations described in paragraph (1) shall apply, in the aggregate, to— (A) the vessel AMERICA’S FINEST (United States official number 1276760); (B) the vessel US INTREPID (United States official number 604439); (C) the vessel AMERICAN NO. 1 (United States official number 610654); (D) any replacement of a vessel described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C); and (E) any vessel assigned license number LLG3217 under the license limitation pro-gram under part 679 of title 50, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. (b) EXPIRATION .—The limitations described in subsection (a) shall apply to a groundfish species in Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska only until the earlier of— (1) the end of the 6-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) the date on which the Secretary of Commerce issues a final rule, based on rec-ommendations developed by the North Pa-cific Fishery Management Council con-sistent with the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), that limits processing deliveries of that groundfish species from other vessels in any Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries that are not subject to conservation and management measures under section 206 of the American Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 note). (c) E
XISTING AUTHORITY .—Except for the measures required by this section, nothing in this title shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the North Pacific Fishery Manage-ment Council or the Secretary of Commerce under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
SEC. 837. TRANSFER OF COAST GUARD PROP-ERTY IN JUPITER ISLAND, FLORIDA, FOR INCLUSION IN HOBE SOUND NA-TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
(a) T RANSFER .—Administrative jurisdiction over the property described in subsection (b) is transferred to the Secretary of the Inte-rior. (b) P
ROPERTY DESCRIBED .—The property described in this subsection is real property administered by the Coast Guard in the Town of Jupiter Island, Florida, comprising Parcel #35-38-42-004-000-02590-6 (Bon Air Beach lots 259 and 260 located at 83 North Beach Road) and Parcel #35-38-42-004-000- 02610-2 (Bon Air Beach lots 261 to 267), includ-ing any improvements thereon that are not authorized or required by another provision of law to be conveyed to another person. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The property de-scribed in subsection (b) is included in Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, and shall be administered by the Secretary of the Inte-rior acting through the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
SEC. 838. EMERGENCY RESPONSE. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall request the National Off-shore Safety Advisory Committee to exam-ine whether there are unnecessary regu-latory barriers to the use of small passenger vessels, crewboats, and offshore supply ves-sels in disaster response and provide rec-ommendations, as appropriate, to reduce such barriers. 
SEC. 839. DRAWBRIDGES CONSULTATION. 
(a) C ONSULTATION .—In addition and subse-quent to any rulemaking conducted under section 117.8 of title 33, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, related to permanent changes to drawbridge openings that result from Am-trak service between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida, the Commandant shall consult with owners or operators of rail lines used for Amtrak passenger service between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida and affected waterway users on changes to drawbridge operating schedules necessary to facilitate the On Time Performance of pas-senger trains. These changes to schedules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7009 November 15, 2018 
shall not impact Coast Guard response times to operational missions. (b) T
IMING .—Consultation in subsection (a) shall occur after commencement of Amtrak passenger service on the rail lines between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida at the following intervals: (1) Not less than 3 months following the commencement of Amtrak passenger service. (2) Not less than 6 months following the commencement of Amtrak passenger service. (c) R
EPORT .—If after conducting the con-sultations required by subsection (b)(2), the Commandant finds that permanent changes to drawbridge operations are necessary to mitigate delays in the movement of trains described in subsection (a) and that those changes do not unreasonably obstruct the navigability of the affected waterways, then the Commandant shall submit those findings to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. TITLE IX—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 902. PURPOSES; FINDINGS. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this title are— (1) to provide for the establishment of uni-form, environmentally sound standards and requirements for the management of dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; (2) to charge the Environmental Protection Agency with primary responsibility for es-tablishing standards relating to the dis-charge of pollutants from vessels; (3) to charge the Coast Guard with primary responsibility for prescribing, administering, and enforcing regulations, consistent with the discharge standards established by the Environmental Protection Agency, for the design, construction, installation, and oper-ation of the equipment and management practices required onboard vessels; and (4) to preserve the flexibility of States, po-litical subdivisions, and certain regions with respect to the administration and enforce-ment of standards relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels engaged in mari-time commerce and transportation. (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Environmental Protection Agency is the principal Federal authority charged under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) with regulating through the issuance of permits for the dis-charge of pollutants into the navigable waters of the United States; (2) the Coast Guard is the principal Federal authority charged with administering, en-forcing, and prescribing regulations relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels; and (3) during the period of 1973 to 2010— (A) the Environmental Protection Agency promulgated regulations exempting certain discharges incidental to the normal oper-ation of vessels from otherwise applicable permitting requirements of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and (B) Congress enacted laws on numerous oc-casions governing the regulation of dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of vessels, including— (i) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); (ii) the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.); (iii) the National Invasive Species Act of 1996 (16 U.S.C. 4701 note; Public Law 104–332); (iv) section 415 of the Coast Guard Author-ization Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–383; 112 Stat. 3434) and section 623 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2004 (33 U.S.C. 1901 note; Public Law 108–293), which established interim and permanent require-ments, respectively, for the regulation of vessel discharges of certain bulk cargo res-idue; (v) title XIV of division B of Appendix D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–315), which prohibited or limited certain vessel discharges in certain areas of Alaska; (vi) section 204 of the Maritime Transpor-tation Security Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 1902a), which established requirements for the regu-lation of vessel discharges of agricultural cargo residue material in the form of hold washings; and (vii) title X of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), which provided for the implementation of the International Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001. SEC. 903. STANDARDS FOR DISCHARGES INCI-DENTAL TO NORMAL OPERATION OF VESSELS. 
(a) U NIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(p) U
NIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS FOR  D
ISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO NORMAL OPER-
ATION OF VESSELS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘aquatic nuisance species’ means a non-indigenous species that threatens— ‘‘(i) the diversity or abundance of a native species; ‘‘(ii) the ecological stability of— ‘‘(I) waters of the United States; or ‘‘(II) waters of the contiguous zone; or ‘‘(iii) a commercial, agricultural, aquacultural, or recreational activity that is dependent on— ‘‘(I) waters of the United States; or ‘‘(II) waters of the contiguous zone. ‘‘(B) B
ALLAST WATER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘ballast water’ means any water, suspended matter, and other materials taken onboard a vessel— ‘‘(I) to control or maintain trim, draught, stability, or stresses of the vessel, regardless of the means by which any such water or sus-pended matter is carried; or ‘‘(II) during the cleaning, maintenance, or other operation of a ballast tank or ballast water management system of the vessel. ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘ballast water’ does not include any substance that is added to the water described in clause (i) that is di-rectly related to the operation of a properly functioning ballast water management sys-tem. ‘‘(C) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STAND -
ARD.—The term ‘ballast water discharge standard’ means— ‘‘(i) the numerical ballast water discharge standard established by section 151.1511 or 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or successor regulations); or ‘‘(ii) if a standard referred to in clause (i) is superseded by a numerical standard of per-formance under this subsection, that super-seding standard. ‘‘(D) B
ALLAST WATER EXCHANGE .—The term ‘ballast water exchange’ means the replace-ment of water in a ballast water tank using 1 of the following methods: ‘‘(i) Flow-through exchange, in which bal-last water is flushed out by pumping in midocean water at the bottom of the tank if practicable, and continuously overflowing the tank from the top, until 3 full volumes of water have been changed to minimize the number of original organisms remaining in the tank. ‘‘(ii) Empty and refill exchange, in which ballast water taken on in ports, estuarine waters, or territorial waters is pumped out until the pump loses suction, after which the ballast tank is refilled with midocean water. ‘‘(E) BALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘ballast water management system’ means any marine pollution control device (including all ballast water treatment equipment, ballast tanks, pipes, pumps, and all associated control and monitoring equip-ment) that processes ballast water— ‘‘(i) to kill, render nonviable, or remove or-ganisms; or ‘‘(ii) to avoid the uptake or discharge of or-ganisms. ‘‘(F) B
EST AVAILABLE TECHNOLOGY ECONOMI -
CALLY ACHIEVABLE .—The term ‘best available technology economically achievable’ means— ‘‘(i) best available technology economi-cally achievable (within the meaning of sec-tion 301(b)(2)(A)); ‘‘(ii) best available technology (within the meaning of section 304(b)(2)(B)); and ‘‘(iii) best available technology, as deter-mined in accordance with section 125.3(d)(3) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(G) B
EST CONVENTIONAL POLLUTANT CON -
TROL TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘best conven-tional pollutant control technology’ means— ‘‘(i) best conventional pollutant control technology (within the meaning of section 301(b)(2)(E)); ‘‘(ii) best conventional pollutant control technology (within the meaning of section 304(b)(4)); and ‘‘(iii) best conventional pollutant control technology, as determined in accordance with section 125.3(d)(2) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions). ‘‘(H) B
EST MANAGEMENT PRACTICE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘best manage-ment practice’ means a schedule of activi-ties, prohibitions of practices, maintenance procedures, and other management practices to prevent or reduce the pollution of— ‘‘(I) the waters of the United States; or ‘‘(II) the waters of the contiguous zone. ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘best manage-ment practice’ includes any treatment re-quirement, operating procedure, or practice to control— ‘‘(I) vessel runoff; ‘‘(II) spillage or leaks; ‘‘(III) sludge or waste disposal; or ‘‘(IV) drainage from raw material storage. ‘‘(I) B
EST PRACTICABLE CONTROL TECH -
NOLOGY CURRENTLY AVAILABLE .—The term ‘best practicable control technology cur-rently available’ means— ‘‘(i) best practicable control technology currently available (within the meaning of section 301(b)(1)(A)); ‘‘(ii) best practicable control technology currently available (within the meaning of section 304(b)(1)); and ‘‘(iii) best practicable control technology currently available, as determined in accord-ance with section 125.3(d)(1) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions). ‘‘(J) C
APTAIN OF THE PORT ZONE .—The term ‘Captain of the Port Zone’ means a Captain of the Port Zone established by the Sec-retary pursuant to sections 92, 93, and 633 of title 14, United States Code. ‘‘(K) E
MPTY BALLAST TANK .—The term ‘empty ballast tank’ means a tank that— ‘‘(i) has previously held ballast water that has been drained to the limit of the func-tional or operational capabilities of the tank (such as loss of suction); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7010 November 15, 2018 
‘‘(ii) is recorded as empty on a vessel log; and ‘‘(iii) contains unpumpable residual ballast water and sediment. ‘‘(L) G
REAT LAKES COMMISSION .—The term ‘Great Lakes Commission’ means the Great Lakes Commission established by article IV A of the Great Lakes Compact to which Con-gress granted consent in the Act of July 24, 1968 (Public Law 90–419; 82 Stat. 414). ‘‘(M) G
REAT LAKES STATE .—The term ‘Great Lakes State’ means any of the States of— ‘‘(i) Illinois; ‘‘(ii) Indiana; ‘‘(iii) Michigan; ‘‘(iv) Minnesota; ‘‘(v) New York; ‘‘(vi) Ohio; ‘‘(vii) Pennsylvania; and ‘‘(viii) Wisconsin. ‘‘(N) G
REAT LAKES SYSTEM .—The term ‘Great Lakes System’ has the meaning given the term in section 118(a)(3). ‘‘(O) I
NTERNAL WATERS .—The term ‘inter-nal waters’ has the meaning given the term in section 2.24 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation). ‘‘(P) M
ARINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICE .— The term ‘marine pollution control device’ means any equipment or management prac-tice (or combination of equipment and a management practice), for installation or use onboard a vessel, that is— ‘‘(i) designed to receive, retain, treat, con-trol, or discharge a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; and ‘‘(ii) determined by the Administrator and the Secretary to be the most effective equip-ment or management practice (or combina-tion of equipment and a management prac-tice) to reduce the environmental impacts of the discharge, consistent with the factors for consideration described in paragraphs (4) and (5). ‘‘(Q) N
ONINDIGENOUS SPECIES .—The term ‘nonindigenous species’ means an organism of a species that enters an ecosystem beyond the historic range of the species. ‘‘(R) O
RGANISM .—The term ‘organism’ in-cludes— ‘‘(i) an animal, including fish and fish eggs and larvae; ‘‘(ii) a plant; ‘‘(iii) a pathogen; ‘‘(iv) a microbe; ‘‘(v) a virus; ‘‘(vi) a prokaryote (including any archean or bacterium); ‘‘(vii) a fungus; and ‘‘(viii) a protist. ‘‘(S) P
ACIFIC REGION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Pacific Re-gion’ means any Federal or State water— ‘‘(I) adjacent to the State of Alaska, Cali-fornia, Hawaii, Oregon, or Washington; and ‘‘(II) extending from shore. ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘Pacific Region’ includes the entire exclusive economic zone (as defined in section 1001 of the Oil Pollu-tion Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701)) adjacent to each State described in clause (i)(I). ‘‘(T) P
ORT OR PLACE OF DESTINATION .—The term ‘port or place of destination’ means a port or place to which a vessel is bound to anchor or moor. ‘‘(U) R
ENDER NONVIABLE .—The term ‘render nonviable’, with respect to an organism in ballast water, means the action of a ballast water management system that renders the organism permanently incapable of repro-duction following treatment. ‘‘(V) S
ALTWATER FLUSH .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘saltwater flush’ means— ‘‘(I)(aa) the addition of as much midocean water into each empty ballast tank of a ves-sel as is safe for the vessel and crew; and ‘‘(bb) the mixing of the flushwater with re-sidual ballast water and sediment through the motion of the vessel; and ‘‘(II) the discharge of that mixed water, such that the resultant residual water re-maining in the tank— ‘‘(aa) has the highest salinity possible; and ‘‘(bb) is at least 30 parts per thousand. ‘‘(ii) MULTIPLE SEQUENCES .—For purposes of clause (i), a saltwater flush may require more than 1 fill-mix-empty sequence, par-ticularly if only small quantities of water can be safely taken onboard a vessel at 1 time. ‘‘(W) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. ‘‘(X) S
MALL VESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘Small Vessel General Permit’ means the permit that is the subject of the notice of final permit issuance entitled ‘Final Na-tional Pollutant Discharge Elimination Sys-tem (NPDES) Small Vessel General Permit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Op-eration of Vessels Less Than 79 Feet’ (79 Fed. Reg. 53702 (September 10, 2014)). ‘‘(Y) S
MALL VESSEL OR FISHING VESSEL .— The term ‘small vessel or fishing vessel’ means a vessel that is— ‘‘(i) less than 79 feet in length; or ‘‘(ii) a fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, or fish tender vessel (as those terms are de-fined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code), regardless of the length of the vessel. ‘‘(Z) V
ESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘Vessel General Permit’ means the permit that is the subject of the notice of final per-mit issuance entitled ‘Final National Pollut-ant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) General Permit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Operation of a Vessel’ (78 Fed. Reg. 21938 (April 12, 2013)). ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), this subsection applies to— ‘‘(i) any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; and ‘‘(ii) any discharge incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel (such as most graywater) that is commingled with sewage, subject to the conditions that— ‘‘(I) nothing in this subsection prevents a State from regulating sewage discharges; and ‘‘(II) any such commingled discharge shall comply with all applicable requirements of— ‘‘(aa) this subsection; and ‘‘(bb) any law applicable to discharges of sewage. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—This subsection does not apply to any discharge incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel— ‘‘(i) from— ‘‘(I) a vessel of the Armed Forces subject to subsection (n); ‘‘(II) a recreational vessel subject to sub-section (o); ‘‘(III) a small vessel or fishing vessel, ex-cept that this subsection shall apply to any discharge of ballast water from a small ves-sel or fishing vessel; or ‘‘(IV) a floating craft that is permanently moored to a pier, including a ‘floating’ ca-sino, hotel, restaurant, or bar; ‘‘(ii) of ballast water from a vessel— ‘‘(I) that continuously takes on and dis-charges ballast water in a flow-through sys-tem, if the Administrator determines that system cannot materially contribute to the spread or introduction of an aquatic nui-sance species into waters of the United States; ‘‘(II) in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that is scheduled for disposal, if the vessel does not have an operable ballast water man-agement system; ‘‘(III) that discharges ballast water con-sisting solely of water taken onboard from a public or commercial source that, at the time the water is taken onboard, meets the applicable requirements or permit require-ments of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); ‘‘(IV) that carries all permanent ballast water in sealed tanks that are not subject to discharge; or ‘‘(V) that only discharges ballast water into a reception facility; or ‘‘(iii) that results from, or contains mate-rial derived from, an activity other than the normal operation of the vessel, such as mate-rial resulting from an industrial or manufac-turing process onboard the vessel. ‘‘(3) CONTINUATION IN EFFECT OF EXISTING  
REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) V
ESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—Notwith- standing the expiration date of the Vessel General Permit or any other provision of law, all provisions of the Vessel General Per-mit shall remain in force and effect, and shall not be modified, until the applicable date described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) N
ONINDIGENOUS AQUATIC NUISANCE PRE -
VENTION AND CONTROL ACT REGULATIONS .— Notwithstanding section 903(a)(2)(A) of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018, all regulations promulgated by the Secretary pursuant to section 1101 of the Nonindige-nous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Con-trol Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4711) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection), including the regulations contained in subparts C and D of part 151 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, and subpart 162.060 of part 162 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before that date of enactment), shall remain in force and effect until the applicable date described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) R
EPEAL ON EXISTENCE OF FINAL , EFFEC -
TIVE, AND ENFORCEABLE REQUIREMENTS .—Ef- fective beginning on the date on which the requirements promulgated by the Secretary under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of para-graph (5) with respect to every discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is subject to regulation under this sub-section are final, effective, and enforceable, the requirements of the Vessel General Per-mit and the regulations described in sub-paragraph (B) shall have no force or effect. ‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL STANDARDS OF PERFORMANCE  
FOR MARINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICES AND  
WATER QUALITY ORDERS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Administrator, in concurrence with the Secretary (subject to clause (ii)), and in consultation with interested Gov-ernors (subject to clause (iii)), shall promul-gate Federal standards of performance for marine pollution control devices for each type of discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is subject to regu-lation under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) C
ONCURRENCE WITH SECRETARY .— ‘‘(I) R
EQUEST .—The Administrator shall submit to the Secretary a request for writ-ten concurrence with respect to a proposed standard of performance under clause (i). ‘‘(II) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO CONCUR .—A failure by the Secretary to concur with the Administrator under clause (i) by the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Administrator submits a request for concur-rence under subclause (I) shall not prevent the Administrator from promulgating the relevant standard of performance in accord-ance with the deadline under clause (i), sub-ject to the condition that the Administrator shall include in the administrative record of the promulgation— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7011 November 15, 2018 
‘‘(aa) documentation of the request sub-mitted under subclause (I); and ‘‘(bb) the response of the Administrator to any written objections received from the Secretary relating to the proposed standard of performance during the 60-day period be-ginning on the date of submission of the re-quest. ‘‘(iii) C
ONSULTATION WITH GOVERNORS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in promulgating a standard of performance under clause (i), shall develop the standard of performance— ‘‘(aa) in consultation with interested Gov-ernors; and ‘‘(bb) in accordance with the deadlines under that clause. ‘‘(II) P
ROCESS .—The Administrator shall develop a process for soliciting input from interested Governors, including information sharing relevant to such process, to allow in-terested Governors to inform the develop-ment of standards of performance under clause (i). ‘‘(III) O
BJECTION BY GOVERNORS .— ‘‘(aa) S
UBMISSION .—An interested Governor that objects to a proposed standard of per-formance under clause (i) may submit to the Administrator in writing a detailed objec-tion to the proposed standard of perform-ance, describing the scientific, technical, or operational factors that form the basis of the objection. ‘‘(bb) R
ESPONSE .—Before finalizing a stand-ard of performance under clause (i) that is subject to an objection under item (aa) from 1 or more interested Governors, the Adminis-trator shall provide a written response to each interested Governor that submitted an objection under that item that details the scientific, technical, or operational factors that form the basis for that standard of per-formance. ‘‘(cc) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—A response of the Administrator under item (bb) shall not be subject to judicial review. ‘‘(iv) P
ROCEDURE .—The Administrator shall promulgate the standards of performance under this subparagraph in accordance with— ‘‘(I) this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) section 553 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) S
TRINGENCY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (iii), the standards of performance promulgated under this paragraph shall require— ‘‘(I) with respect to conventional pollut-ants, toxic pollutants, and nonconventional pollutants (including aquatic nuisance spe-cies), the application of the best practicable control technology currently available; ‘‘(II) with respect to conventional pollut-ants, the application of the best conven-tional pollutant control technology; and ‘‘(III) with respect to toxic pollutants and nonconventional pollutants (including aquatic nuisance species), the application of the best available technology economically achievable for categories and classes of ves-sels, which shall result in reasonable progress toward the national goal of elimi-nating discharges of all pollutants. ‘‘(ii) B
EST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES .—The Administrator shall require the use of best management practices to control or abate any discharge incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel if— ‘‘(I) numeric standards of performance are infeasible under clause (i); or ‘‘(II) the best management practices are reasonably necessary— ‘‘(aa) to achieve the standards of perform-ance; or ‘‘(bb) to carry out the purpose and intent of this subsection. ‘‘(iii) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Subject to subparagraph (D)(ii)(II), the combination of any equipment or best management practice comprising a marine pollution control device shall not be less stringent than the following provisions of the Vessel General Permit: ‘‘(I) All requirements contained in parts 2.1 and 2.2 (relating to effluent limits and re-lated requirements), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes. ‘‘(II) All requirements contained in part 5 (relating to vessel class-specific require-ments) that concern effluent limits and au-thorized discharges (within the meaning of that part), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes. ‘‘(C) CLASSES , TYPES , AND SIZES OF VES -
SELS.—The standards promulgated under this paragraph may distinguish— ‘‘(i) among classes, types, and sizes of ves-sels; and ‘‘(ii) between new vessels and existing ves-sels. ‘‘(D) R
EVIEW AND REVISION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once every 5 years, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary, shall— ‘‘(I) review the standards of performance in effect under this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) if appropriate, revise those standards of performance— ‘‘(aa) in accordance with subparagraphs (A) through (C); and ‘‘(bb) as necessary to establish require-ments for any discharge that is subject to regulation under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) M
AINTAINING PROTECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II), the Administrator shall not revise a standard of performance under this subsection to be less stringent than an appli-cable existing requirement. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Administrator may revise a standard of performance to be less stringent than an applicable existing re-quirement— ‘‘(aa) if information becomes available that— ‘‘(AA) was not reasonably available when the Administrator promulgated the initial standard of performance or comparable re-quirement of the Vessel General Permit, as applicable (including the subsequent scarcity or unavailability of materials used to con-trol the relevant discharge); and ‘‘(BB) would have justified the application of a less-stringent standard of performance at the time of promulgation; or ‘‘(bb) if the Administrator determines that a material technical mistake or misinter-pretation of law occurred when promulgating the existing standard of performance or com-parable requirement of the Vessel General Permit, as applicable. ‘‘(E) B
EST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES FOR  
AQUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES EMERGENCIES AND  
FURTHER PROTECTION OF WATER QUALITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, the Ad-ministrator, in concurrence with the Sec-retary (subject to clause (ii)), and in con-sultation with States, may require, by order, the use of an emergency best management practice for any region or category of vessels in any case in which the Administrator de-termines that such a best management prac-tice— ‘‘(I) is necessary to reduce the reasonably foreseeable risk of introduction or establish-ment of an aquatic nuisance species; or ‘‘(II) will mitigate the adverse effects of a discharge that contributes to a violation of a water quality requirement under section 303, other than a requirement based on the pres-ence of an aquatic nuisance species. ‘‘(ii) C
ONCURRENCE WITH SECRETARY .— ‘‘(I) R
EQUEST .—The Administrator shall submit to the Secretary a request for writ-ten concurrence with respect to an order under clause (i). ‘‘(II) EFFECT OF FAILURE TO CONCUR .—A failure by the Secretary to concur with the Administrator under clause (i) by the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Administrator submits a request for concur-rence under subclause (I) shall not prevent the Administrator from issuing the relevant order, subject to the condition that the Ad-ministrator shall include in the administra-tive record of the issuance— ‘‘(aa) documentation of the request sub-mitted under subclause (I); and ‘‘(bb) the response of the Administrator to any written objections received from the Secretary relating to the proposed order dur-ing the 60-day period beginning on the date of submission of the request. ‘‘(iii) D
URATION .—An order issued by the Administrator under clause (i) shall expire not later than the date that is 4 years after the date of issuance. ‘‘(iv) E
XTENSIONS .—The Administrator may reissue an order under clause (i) for such sub-sequent periods of not longer than 4 years as the Administrator determines to be appro-priate. ‘‘(5) I
MPLEMENTATION , COMPLIANCE , AND EN -
FORCEMENT REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 2 years, after the date on which the Administrator promulgates any new or revised standard of performance under paragraph (4) with respect to a dis-charge, the Secretary, in consultation with States, shall promulgate the regulations re-quired under this paragraph with respect to that discharge. ‘‘(ii) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Subject to subparagraph (C)(ii)(II), the regulations pro-mulgated under this paragraph shall not be less stringent with respect to ensuring, mon-itoring, and enforcing compliance than— ‘‘(I) the requirements contained in part 3 of the Vessel General Permit (relating to cor-rective actions); ‘‘(II) the requirements contained in part 4 of the Vessel General Permit (relating to in-spections, monitoring, reporting, and record-keeping), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes; ‘‘(III) the requirements contained in part 5 of the Vessel General Permit (relating to vessel class-specific requirements) regarding monitoring, inspection, and educational and training requirements (within the meaning of that part), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes; and ‘‘(IV) any comparable, existing require-ments promulgated under the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) (including section 1101 of that Act (16 U.S.C. 4711) (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this subsection)) applicable to that discharge. ‘‘(iii) C
OORDINATION WITH STATES .—The Sec- retary, in coordination with the Governors of the States, shall develop, publish, and pe-riodically update inspection, monitoring, data management, and enforcement proce-dures for the enforcement by States of Fed-eral standards and requirements under this subsection. ‘‘(iv) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—In determining the effective date of a regulation promulgated under this paragraph, the Secretary shall take into consideration the period of time necessary— ‘‘(I) to communicate to affected persons the applicability of the regulation; and ‘‘(II) for affected persons reasonably to comply with the regulation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7012 November 15, 2018 
‘‘(v) P ROCEDURE .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate the regulations under this subpara-graph in accordance with— ‘‘(I) this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) section 553 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION REGULATIONS FOR MA -
RINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICES .—The Sec- retary shall promulgate such regulations governing the design, construction, testing, approval, installation, and use of marine pol-lution control devices as are necessary to en-sure compliance with the standards of per-formance promulgated under paragraph (4). ‘‘(C) C
OMPLIANCE ASSURANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate requirements (including require-ments for vessel owners and operators with respect to inspections, monitoring, report-ing, sampling, and recordkeeping) to ensure, monitor, and enforce compliance with— ‘‘(I) the standards of performance promul-gated by the Administrator under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(II) the implementation regulations pro-mulgated by the Secretary under subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(ii) M
AINTAINING PROTECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II), the Secretary shall not revise a requirement under this subparagraph or subparagraph (B) to be less stringent with respect to ensuring, monitoring, or enforcing compliance than an applicable existing re-quirement. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary may re-vise a requirement under this subparagraph or subparagraph (B) to be less stringent than an applicable existing requirement— ‘‘(aa) in accordance with this subparagraph or subparagraph (B), as applicable; ‘‘(bb) if information becomes available that— ‘‘(AA) the Administrator determines was not reasonably available when the Adminis-trator promulgated the existing requirement of the Vessel General Permit, or that the Secretary determines was not reasonably available when the Secretary promulgated the existing requirement under the Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) or the applicable existing requirement under this subparagraph, as applicable (including subsequent scarcity or unavailability of ma-terials used to control the relevant dis-charge); and ‘‘(BB) would have justified the application of a less-stringent requirement at the time of promulgation; or ‘‘(cc) if the Administrator determines that a material technical mistake or misinter-pretation of law occurred when promulgating an existing requirement of the Vessel Gen-eral Permit, or if the Secretary determines that a material mistake or misinterpreta-tion of law occurred when promulgating an existing requirement under the Nonindige-nous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Con-trol Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) or this subsection. ‘‘(D) D
ATA AVAILABILITY .—Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall pro-vide to the Governor of a State, on request by the Governor, access to Automated Iden-tification System arrival data for inbound vessels to specific ports or places of destina-tion in the State. ‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL PROVISIONS REGARDING  
BALLAST WATER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the other applicable requirements of this subsection, the requirements of this paragraph shall apply with respect to any discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel that is a discharge of ballast water. ‘‘(B) E
MPTY BALLAST TANKS .— ‘‘(i) REQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the owner or operator of a vessel with empty ballast tanks bound for a port or place of destination subject to the jurisdic-tion of the United States shall, prior to ar-riving at that port or place of destination, conduct a ballast water exchange or salt-water flush— ‘‘(I) not less than 200 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating outside the United States or Canadian exclusive eco-nomic zone; or ‘‘(II) not less than 50 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating within the United States or Canadian exclusive eco-nomic zone. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply— ‘‘(I) if the unpumpable residual waters and sediments of an empty ballast tank were subject to treatment, in compliance with ap-plicable requirements, through a type-ap-proved ballast water management system ap-proved by the Secretary; ‘‘(II) except as otherwise required under this subsection, if the unpumpable residual waters and sediments of an empty ballast tank were sourced within— ‘‘(aa) the same port or place of destination; or ‘‘(bb) contiguous portions of a single Cap-tain of the Port Zone; ‘‘(III) if complying with an applicable re-quirement of clause (i)— ‘‘(aa) would compromise the safety of the vessel; or ‘‘(bb) is otherwise prohibited by any Fed-eral, Canadian, or international law (includ-ing regulations) pertaining to vessel safety; ‘‘(IV) if design limitations of the vessel prevent a ballast water exchange or salt-water flush from being conducted in accord-ance with clause (i); or ‘‘(V) if the vessel is operating exclusively within the internal waters of the United States or Canada. ‘‘(C) P
ERIOD OF USE OF INSTALLED BALLAST  
WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), a vessel shall be deemed to be in compliance with a standard of performance for a marine pollution control device that is a ballast water management system if the ballast water management system— ‘‘(I) is maintained in proper working condi-tion, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(II) is maintained and used in accordance with manufacturer specifications; ‘‘(III) continues to meet the ballast water discharge standard applicable to the vessel at the time of installation, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(IV) has in effect a valid type-approval certificate issued by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Clause (i) shall cease to apply with respect to any vessel on, as appli-cable— ‘‘(I) the expiration of the service life, as de-termined by the Secretary, of— ‘‘(aa) the ballast water management sys-tem; or ‘‘(bb) the vessel; ‘‘(II) the completion of a major conversion (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) of the vessel; or ‘‘(III) a determination by the Secretary that there are other type-approved systems for the vessel or category of vessels, with re-spect to the use of which the environmental, health, and economic benefits would exceed the costs. ‘‘(D) R
EVIEW OF BALLAST WATER MANAGE -
MENT SYSTEM TYPE -APPROVAL TESTING METH -
ODS.— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF LIVE ; LIVING .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law (includ-ing regulations), for purposes of section 151.1511 of title 33, and part 162 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), the terms ‘live’ and ‘living’ shall not— ‘‘(I) include an organism that has been ren-dered nonviable; or ‘‘(II) preclude the consideration of any method of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction. ‘‘(ii) DRAFT POLICY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall publish a draft pol-icy letter, based on the best available science, describing type-approval testing methods and protocols for ballast water management systems, if any, that— ‘‘(I) render nonviable organisms in ballast water; and ‘‘(II) may be used in addition to the meth-ods established under subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations)— ‘‘(aa) to measure the concentration of or-ganisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction; ‘‘(bb) to certify the performance of each ballast water management system under this subsection; and ‘‘(cc) to certify laboratories to evaluate ap-plicable treatment technologies. ‘‘(iii) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—The Secretary shall provide a period of not more than 60 days for public comment regarding the draft policy letter published under clause (ii). ‘‘(iv) F
INAL POLICY .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall publish a final pol-icy letter describing type-approval testing methods, if any, for ballast water manage-ment systems that render nonviable orga-nisms in ballast water. ‘‘(II) M
ETHOD OF EVALUATION .—The ballast water management systems under subclause (I) shall be evaluated by measuring the con-centration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction based on the best available science that may be used in addi-tion to the methods established under sub-part 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(III) R
EVISIONS .—The Secretary shall re-vise the final policy letter under subclause (I) in any case in which the Secretary, in co-ordination with the Administrator, deter-mines that additional testing methods are capable of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that have not been rendered nonviable. ‘‘(v) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In de- veloping a policy letter under this subpara-graph, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator— ‘‘(I) shall take into consideration a testing method that uses organism grow-out and most probable number statistical analysis to determine the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduc-tion; and ‘‘(II) shall not take into consideration a testing method that relies on a staining method that measures the concentration of— ‘‘(aa) organisms greater than or equal to 10 micrometers; and ‘‘(bb) organisms less than or equal to 50 micrometers. ‘‘(E) I
NTERGOVERNMENTAL RESPONSE FRAME -
WORK .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator and acting in coordination with, or through, the Aquat-ic Nuisance Species Task Force established by section 1201(a) of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4721(a)), shall establish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7013 November 15, 2018 
a framework for Federal and intergovern-mental response to aquatic nuisance species risks from discharges from vessels subject to ballast water and incidental discharge com-pliance requirements under this subsection, including the introduction, spread, and es-tablishment of aquatic nuisance species pop-ulations. ‘‘(ii) B
ALLAST DISCHARGE RISK RESPONSE .— The Administrator, in coordination with the Secretary and taking into consideration in-formation from the National Ballast Infor-mation Clearinghouse developed under sec-tion 1102(f) of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712(f)), shall establish a risk as-sessment and response framework using bal-last water discharge data and aquatic nui-sance species monitoring data for the pur-poses of— ‘‘(I) identifying and tracking populations of aquatic invasive species; ‘‘(II) evaluating the risk of any aquatic nuisance species population tracked under subclause (I) establishing and spreading in waters of the United States or waters of the contiguous zone; and ‘‘(III) establishing emergency best manage-ment practices that may be deployed rap-idly, in a local or regional manner, to re-spond to emerging aquatic nuisance species threats. ‘‘(7) P
ETITIONS BY GOVERNORS FOR REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a State (or a designee) may submit to the Adminis-trator or the Secretary a petition— ‘‘(i) to issue an order under paragraph (4)(E); or ‘‘(ii) to review any standard of perform-ance, regulation, or policy promulgated under paragraph (4), (5), or (6), respectively, if there exists new information that could reasonably result in a change to— ‘‘(I) the standard of performance, regula-tion, or policy; or ‘‘(II) a determination on which the stand-ard of performance, regulation, or policy was based. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—A petition under subpara-graph (A) shall include a description of any applicable scientific or technical informa-tion that forms the basis of the petition. ‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(i) T
IMING .—The Administrator or the Secretary, as applicable, shall grant or deny— ‘‘(I) a petition under subparagraph (A)(i) by not later than the date that is 180 days after the date on which the petition is submitted; and ‘‘(II) a petition under subparagraph (A)(ii) by not later than the date that is 1 year after the date on which the petition is submitted. ‘‘(ii) E
FFECT OF GRANT .—If the Adminis-trator or the Secretary determines under clause (i) to grant a petition— ‘‘(I) in the case of a petition under subpara-graph (A)(i), the Administrator shall imme-diately issue the relevant order under para-graph (4)(E); or ‘‘(II) in the case of a petition under sub-paragraph (A)(ii), the Administrator or Sec-retary shall publish in the Federal Register, by not later than 30 days after the date of that determination, a notice of proposed rulemaking to revise the relevant standard, requirement, regulation, or policy under paragraph (4), (5), or (6), as applicable. ‘‘(iii) N
OTICE OF DENIAL .—If the Adminis-trator or the Secretary determines under clause (i) to deny a petition, the Adminis-trator or Secretary shall publish in the Fed-eral Register, by not later than 30 days after the date of that determination, a detailed ex-planation of the scientific, technical, or operational factors that form the basis of the determination. ‘‘(iv) REVIEW .—A determination by the Ad-ministrator or the Secretary under clause (i) to deny a petition shall be— ‘‘(I) considered to be a final agency action; and ‘‘(II) subject to judicial review in accord-ance with section 509, subject to clause (v). ‘‘(v) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(I) V
ENUE .—Notwithstanding section 509(b), a petition for review of a determina-tion by the Administrator or the Secretary under clause (i) to deny a petition submitted by the Governor of a State under subpara-graph (A) may be filed in any United States district court of competent jurisdiction. ‘‘(II) D
EADLINE FOR FILING .—Notwith- standing section 509(b), a petition for review of a determination by the Administrator or the Secretary under clause (i) shall be filed by not later than 180 days after the date on which the justification for the determination is published in the Federal Register under clause (iii). ‘‘(8) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for any person to violate— ‘‘(i) a provision of the Vessel General Per-mit in force and effect under paragraph (3)(A); ‘‘(ii) a regulation promulgated pursuant to section 1101 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4711) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection) in force and effect under paragraph (3)(B); or ‘‘(iii) an applicable requirement or regula-tion under this subsection. ‘‘(B) C
OMPLIANCE WITH REGULATIONS .—Ef- fective beginning on the effective date of a regulation promulgated under paragraph (4), (5), (6), or (10), as applicable, it shall be un-lawful for the owner or operator of a vessel subject to the regulation— ‘‘(i) to discharge any discharge incidental to the normal operation of the vessel into waters of the United States or waters of the contiguous zone, except in compliance with the regulation; or ‘‘(ii) to operate in waters of the United States or waters of the contiguous zone, if the vessel is not equipped with a required marine pollution control device that com-plies with the requirements established under this subsection, unless— ‘‘(I) the owner or operator of the vessel de-notes in an entry in the official logbook of the vessel that the equipment was not oper-ational; and ‘‘(II) either— ‘‘(aa) the applicable discharge was avoided; or ‘‘(bb) an alternate compliance option ap-proved by the Secretary as meeting the ap-plicable standard was employed. ‘‘(C) A
FFIRMATIVE DEFENSE .—No person shall be found to be in violation of this para-graph if— ‘‘(i) the violation was in the interest of en-suring the safety of life at sea, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) the applicable emergency cir-cumstance was not the result of negligence or malfeasance on the part of— ‘‘(I) the owner or operator of the vessel; ‘‘(II) the master of the vessel; or ‘‘(III) the person in charge of the vessel. ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT .—Each day of continuing violation of an applicable requirement of this subsection shall constitute a separate offense. ‘‘(E) I
N REM LIABILITY .—A vessel operated in violation of this subsection is liable in rem for any civil penalty assessed for the violation. ‘‘(F) R
EVOCATION OF CLEARANCE .—The Sec- retary shall withhold or revoke the clear-ance of a vessel required under section 60105 of title 46, United States Code, if the owner or operator of the vessel is in violation of this subsection. ‘‘(9) EFFECT ON OTHER LAWS .— ‘‘(A) S
TATE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clauses (ii) through (v) and paragraph (10), effective beginning on the date on which the requirements promulgated by the Secretary under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of para-graph (5) with respect to every discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is subject to regulation under this sub-section are final, effective, and enforceable, no State, political subdivision of a State, or interstate agency may adopt or enforce any law, regulation, or other requirement of the State, political subdivision, or interstate agency with respect to any such discharge. ‘‘(ii) I
DENTICAL OR LESSER STATE LAWS .— Clause (i) shall not apply to any law, regula-tion, or other requirement of a State, polit-ical subdivision of a State, or interstate agency in effect on or after the date of enact-ment of this subsection— ‘‘(I) that is identical to a Federal require-ment under this subsection applicable to the relevant discharge; or ‘‘(II) compliance with which would be achieved concurrently in achieving compli-ance with a Federal requirement under this subsection applicable to the relevant dis-charge. ‘‘(iii) S
TATE ENFORCEMENT OF FEDERAL RE -
QUIREMENTS .—A State may enforce any standard of performance or other Federal re-quirement of this subsection in accordance with subsection (k) or other applicable Fed-eral authority. ‘‘(iv) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN FEES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclauses (II) and (III), a State that assesses any fee pursu-ant to any State or Federal law relating to the regulation of a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel before the date of enactment of this subsection may as-sess or retain a fee to cover the costs of ad-ministration, inspection, monitoring, and enforcement activities by the State to achieve compliance with the applicable re-quirements of this subsection. ‘‘(II) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in item (bb), a State may assess a fee for activi-ties under this clause equal to not more than $1,000 against the owner or operator of a ves-sel that— ‘‘(AA) has operated outside of that State; and ‘‘(BB) arrives at a port or place of destina-tion in the State (excluding movement en-tirely within a single port or place of des-tination). ‘‘(bb) V
ESSELS ENGAGED IN COASTWISE  
TRADE .—A State may assess against the owner or operator of a vessel registered in accordance with applicable Federal law and lawfully engaged in the coastwise trade not more than $5,000 in fees under this clause per vessel during a calendar year. ‘‘(III) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—A State may adjust the amount of a fee authorized under this clause not more frequently than once every 5 years to reflect the percentage by which the Con-sumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Department of Labor for the month of October immediately preceding the date of adjustment exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Department of Labor for the month of October that immediately precedes the date that is 5 years before the date of ad-justment. ‘‘(bb) E
FFECT OF SUBCLAUSE .—Nothing in this subclause prevents a State from adjust-ing a fee in effect before the date of enact-ment of this subsection to the applicable maximum amount under subclause (II). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7014 November 15, 2018 
‘‘(cc) A PPLICABILITY .—This subclause ap-plies only to increases in fees to amounts greater than the applicable maximum amount under subclause (II). ‘‘(v) A
LASKA GRAYWATER .—Clause (i) shall not apply with respect to any discharge of graywater (as defined in section 1414 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (Pub-lic Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–323)) from a passenger vessel (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) in the State of Alaska (including all waters in the Alex-ander Archipelago) carrying 50 or more pas-sengers. ‘‘(vi) P
RESERVATION OF AUTHORITY .—Noth- ing in this subsection preempts any State law, public initiative, referendum, regula-tion, requirement, or other State action, ex-cept as expressly provided in this subsection. ‘‘(B) E
STABLISHED REGIMES .—Except as ex-pressly provided in this subsection, nothing in this subsection affects the applicability to a vessel of any other provision of Federal law, including— ‘‘(i) this section; ‘‘(ii) section 311; ‘‘(iii) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); and ‘‘(iv) title X of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). ‘‘(C) P
ERMITTING .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(i) the Small Vessel General Permit is re-pealed; and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator, or a State in the case of a permit program approved under sec-tion 402, shall not require, or in any way modify, a permit under that section for— ‘‘(I) any discharge that is subject to regu-lation under this subsection; ‘‘(II) any discharge incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel from a small vessel or fishing vessel, regardless of whether that discharge is subject to regulation under this subsection; or ‘‘(III) any discharge described in paragraph (2)(B)(ii). ‘‘(D) N
O EFFECT ON CIVIL OR CRIMINAL AC -
TIONS .—Nothing in this subsection, or any standard, regulation, or requirement estab-lished under this subsection, modifies or oth-erwise affects, preempts, or displaces— ‘‘(i) any cause of action; or ‘‘(ii) any provision of Federal or State law establishing a remedy for civil relief or criminal penalty. ‘‘(E) N
O EFFECT ON CERTAIN SECRETARIAL  
AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this subsection af-fects the authority of the Secretary of Com-merce or the Secretary of the Interior to ad-minister any land or waters under the ad-ministrative control of the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary of the Interior, respectively. ‘‘(F) N
O LIMITATION ON STATE INSPECTION  
AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this subsection lim-its the authority of a State to inspect a ves-sel pursuant to paragraph (5)(A)(iii) in order to monitor compliance with an applicable re-quirement of this section. ‘‘(10) A
DDITIONAL REGIONAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) M
INIMUM GREAT LAKES SYSTEM RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the owner or operator of a vessel entering the St. Lawrence Seaway through the mouth of the St. Lawrence River shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange or saltwater flush— ‘‘(I) not less than 200 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating outside the United States or Canadian exclusive eco-nomic zone; or ‘‘(II) not less than 50 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating within the United States or Canadian exclusive eco-nomic zone. ‘‘(ii) EXCEPTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply to a vessel if— ‘‘(I) complying with an applicable require-ment of clause (i)— ‘‘(aa) would compromise the safety of the vessel; or ‘‘(bb) is otherwise prohibited by any Fed-eral, Canadian, or international law (includ-ing regulations) pertaining to vessel safety; ‘‘(II) design limitations of the vessel pre-vent a ballast water exchange from being conducted in accordance with an applicable requirement of clause (i); ‘‘(III) the vessel— ‘‘(aa) is certified by the Secretary as hav-ing no residual ballast water or sediments onboard; or ‘‘(bb) retains all ballast water while in waters subject to the requirement; or ‘‘(IV) empty ballast tanks on the vessel are sealed and certified by the Secretary in a manner that ensures that— ‘‘(aa) no discharge or uptake occurs; and ‘‘(bb) any subsequent discharge of ballast water is subject to the requirement. ‘‘(B) E
NHANCED GREAT LAKES SYSTEM RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) P
ETITIONS BY GOVERNORS FOR PROPOSED  
ENHANCED STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a Great Lakes State (or a State employee designee) may submit a petition in accordance with subclause (II) to propose that other Gov-ernors of Great Lakes States endorse an en-hanced standard of performance or other re-quirement with respect to any discharge that— ‘‘(aa) is subject to regulation under this subsection; and ‘‘(bb) occurs within the Great Lakes Sys-tem. ‘‘(II) S
UBMISSION .—A Governor shall submit a petition under subclause (I), in writing, to— ‘‘(aa) the Executive Director of the Great Lakes Commission, in such manner as may be prescribed by the Great Lakes Commis-sion; ‘‘(bb) the Governor of each other Great Lakes State; and ‘‘(cc) the Director of the Great Lakes Na-tional Program Office established by section 118(b). ‘‘(III) P
RELIMINARY ASSESSMENT BY GREAT  
LAKES COMMISSION .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—After the date of re-ceipt of a petition under subclause (II)(aa), the Great Lakes Commission (acting through the Great Lakes Panel on Aquatic Nuisance Species, to the maximum extent practicable) may develop a preliminary assessment re-garding each enhanced standard of perform-ance or other requirement described in the petition. ‘‘(bb) P
ROVISIONS .—The preliminary assess-ment developed by the Great Lakes Commis-sion under item (aa)— ‘‘(AA) may be developed in consultation with relevant experts and stakeholders; ‘‘(BB) may be narrative in nature; ‘‘(CC) may include the preliminary views, if any, of the Great Lakes Commission on the propriety of the proposed enhanced standard of performance or other require-ment; ‘‘(DD) shall be submitted, in writing, to the Governor of each Great Lakes State and the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office and published on the internet website of the Great Lakes National Pro-gram Office; and ‘‘(EE) except as provided in clause (iii), shall not be taken into consideration, or pro-vide a basis for review, by the Administrator or the Secretary for purposes of that clause. ‘‘(ii) P
ROPOSED ENHANCED STANDARDS AND  
REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(I) P
UBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .— ‘‘(aa) REQUEST BY GOVERNOR .—Not earlier than the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Executive Director of the Great Lakes Commission receives from a Governor of a Great Lakes State a petition under clause (i)(II)(aa), the Governor may request the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office to publish, for a period re-quested by the Governor of not less than 30 days, and the Director shall so publish, in the Federal Register for public comment— ‘‘(AA) a copy of the petition; and ‘‘(BB) if applicable as of the date of publi-cation, any preliminary assessment of the Great Lakes Commission developed under clause (i)(III) relating to the petition. ‘‘(bb) R
EVIEW OF PUBLIC COMMENTS .—On re- ceipt of a written request of a Governor of a Great Lakes State, the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office shall make available all public comments received in re-sponse to the notice under item (aa). ‘‘(cc) N
O RESPONSE REQUIRED .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, a Gov-ernor of a Great Lakes State or the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office shall not be required to provide a response to any comment received in response to the publication of a petition or preliminary as-sessment under item (aa). ‘‘(dd) P
URPOSE .—Any public comments re-ceived in response to the publication of a pe-tition or preliminary assessment under item (aa) shall be used solely for the purpose of providing information and feedback to the Governor of each Great Lakes State regard-ing the decision to endorse the proposed standard or requirement. ‘‘(ee) E
FFECT OF PETITION .—A proposed standard or requirement developed under subclause (II) may differ from the proposed standard or requirement described in a peti-tion published under item (aa). ‘‘(II) C
OORDINATION TO DEVELOP PROPOSED  
STANDARD OR REQUIREMENT .—After the expi-ration of the public comment period for the petition under subclause (I), any interested Governor of a Great Lakes State may work in coordination with the Great Lakes Com-mission to develop a proposed standard of performance or other requirement applicable to a discharge referred to in the petition. ‘‘(III) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (II)— ‘‘(aa) shall be developed— ‘‘(AA) in consultation with representatives from the Federal and provincial govern-ments of Canada; ‘‘(BB) after notice and opportunity for pub-lic comment on the petition published under subclause (I); and ‘‘(CC) taking into consideration the pre-liminary assessment, if any, of the Great Lakes Commission under clause (i)(III); ‘‘(bb) shall be specifically endorsed in writ-ing by— ‘‘(AA) the Governor of each Great Lakes State, if the proposed standard or require-ment would impose any additional equip-ment requirement on a vessel; or ‘‘(BB) not fewer than 5 Governors of Great Lakes States, if the proposed standard or re-quirement would not impose any additional equipment requirement on a vessel; and ‘‘(cc) in the case of a proposed requirement to prohibit 1 or more types of discharge regu-lated under this subsection, whether treated or not treated, into waters within the Great Lakes System, shall not apply outside the waters of the Great Lakes States of the Gov-ernors endorsing the proposed requirement under item (bb). ‘‘(iii) P
ROMULGATION BY ADMINISTRATOR AND  
SECRETARY .— ‘‘(I) S
UBMISSION .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—The Governors endors-ing a proposed standard or requirement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7015 November 15, 2018 
under clause (ii)(III)(bb) may jointly submit to the Administrator and the Secretary for approval each proposed standard of perform-ance or other requirement developed and en-dorsed pursuant to clause (ii). ‘‘(bb) I
NCLUSION .—Each submission under item (aa) shall include an explanation re-garding why the applicable standard of per-formance or other requirement is— ‘‘(AA) at least as stringent as a comparable standard of performance or other require-ment under this subsection; ‘‘(BB) in accordance with maritime safety; and ‘‘(CC) in accordance with applicable mari-time and navigation laws and regulations. ‘‘(cc) W
ITHDRAWAL .— ‘‘(AA) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of any Great Lakes State that endorses a proposed standard or requirement under clause (ii)(III)(bb) may withdraw the endorsement by not later than the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Administrator and the Secretary receive the proposed standard or requirement. ‘‘(BB) E
FFECT ON FEDERAL REVIEW .—If, after the withdrawal of an endorsement under subitem (AA), the proposed standard or requirement does not have the applicable number of endorsements under clause (ii)(III)(bb), the Administrator and the Sec-retary shall terminate the review under this clause. ‘‘(dd) D
ISSENTING OPINIONS .—The Governor of a Great Lakes State that does not endorse a proposed standard or requirement under clause (ii)(III)(bb) may submit to the Admin-istrator and the Secretary any dissenting opinions of the Governor. ‘‘(II) J
OINT NOTICE .—On receipt of a pro-posed standard of performance or other re-quirement under subclause (I), the Adminis-trator and the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a joint notice that, at min-imum— ‘‘(aa) states that the proposed standard or requirement is publicly available; and ‘‘(bb) provides an opportunity for public comment regarding the proposed standard or requirement during the 90-day period begin-ning on the date of receipt by the Adminis-trator and the Secretary of the proposed standard or requirement. ‘‘(III) R
EVIEW .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of publication of a joint notice under subclause (II)— ‘‘(AA) the Administrator shall commence a review of each proposed standard of perform-ance or other requirement covered by the no-tice to determine whether that standard or requirement is at least as stringent as com-parable standards and requirements under this subsection; and ‘‘(BB) the Secretary shall commence a re-view of each proposed standard of perform-ance or other requirement covered by the no-tice to determine whether that standard or requirement is in accordance with maritime safety and applicable maritime and naviga-tion laws and regulations. ‘‘(bb) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out item (aa), the Administrator and the Secretary— ‘‘(AA) shall consult with the Governor of each Great Lakes State and representatives from the Federal and provincial govern-ments of Canada; ‘‘(BB) shall take into consideration any relevant data or public comments received under subclause (II)(bb); and ‘‘(CC) shall not take into consideration any preliminary assessment by the Great Lakes Commission under clause (i)(III), or any dis-senting opinion under subclause (I)(dd), ex-cept to the extent that such an assessment or opinion is relevant to the criteria for the applicable determination under item (aa). ‘‘(IV) A
PPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of each proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (I), the Administrator and the Secretary shall— ‘‘(aa) determine, as applicable, whether each proposed standard or other requirement satisfies the criteria under subclause (III)(aa); ‘‘(bb) approve each proposed standard or other requirement, unless the Administrator or the Secretary, as applicable, determines under item (aa) that the proposed standard or other requirement does not satisfy the criteria under subclause (III)(aa); and ‘‘(cc) submit to the Governor of each Great Lakes State, and publish in the Federal Reg-ister, a notice of the determination under item (aa). ‘‘(V) ACTION ON DISAPPROVAL .— ‘‘(aa) R
ATIONALE AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— If the Administrator and the Secretary dis-approve a proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (IV)(bb), the notices under subclause (IV)(cc) shall include— ‘‘(AA) a description of the reasons why the standard or requirement is, as applicable, less stringent than a comparable standard or requirement under this subsection, incon-sistent with maritime safety, or inconsistent with applicable maritime and navigation laws and regulations; and ‘‘(BB) any recommendations regarding changes the Governors of the Great Lakes States could make to conform the dis-approved portion of the standard or require-ment to the requirements of this subpara-graph. ‘‘(bb) R
EVIEW .—Disapproval of a proposed standard or requirement by the Adminis-trator and the Secretary under this subpara-graph shall be considered to be a final agen-cy action subject to judicial review under section 509. ‘‘(VI) A
CTION ON APPROVAL .—On approval by the Administrator and the Secretary of a proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (IV)(bb)— ‘‘(aa) the Administrator shall establish, by regulation, the proposed standard or require-ment within the Great Lakes System in lieu of any comparable standard or other require-ment promulgated under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(bb) the Secretary shall establish, by reg-ulation, any requirements necessary to im-plement, ensure compliance with, and en-force the standard or requirement under item (aa), or to apply the proposed require-ment, within the Great Lakes System in lieu of any comparable requirement promulgated under paragraph (5). ‘‘(VII) N
O JUDICIAL REVIEW FOR CERTAIN AC -
TIONS .—An action or inaction of a Governor of a Great Lakes State or the Great Lakes Commission under this subparagraph shall not be subject to judicial review. ‘‘(VIII) G
REAT LAKES COMPACT .—Nothing in this subsection limits, alters, or amends the Great Lakes Compact to which Congress granted consent in the Act of July 24, 1968 (Public Law 90–419; 82 Stat. 414). ‘‘(IX) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Great Lakes Commission $5,000,000, to be available until expended. ‘‘(C) M
INIMUM PACIFIC REGION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF COMMERCIAL VESSEL .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘commercial vessel’ means a vessel operating between— ‘‘(I) 2 ports or places of destination within the Pacific Region; or ‘‘(II) a port or place of destination within the Pacific Region and a port or place of des-tination on the Pacific Coast of Canada or Mexico north of parallel 20 degrees north latitude, inclusive of the Gulf of California. ‘‘(ii) B
ALLAST WATER EXCHANGE .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II) and clause (iv), the owner or operator of a commercial vessel shall con-duct a complete ballast water exchange in waters more than 50 nautical miles from shore. ‘‘(II) E
XEMPTIONS .—Subclause (I) shall not apply to a commercial vessel— ‘‘(aa) using, in compliance with applicable requirements, a type-approved ballast water management system approved by the Sec-retary; or ‘‘(bb) voyaging— ‘‘(AA) between or to a port or place of des-tination in the State of Washington, if the ballast water to be discharged from the com-mercial vessel originated solely from waters located between the parallel 46 degrees north latitude, including the internal waters of the Columbia River, and the internal waters of Canada south of parallel 50 degrees north latitude, including the waters of the Strait of Georgia and the Strait of Juan de Fuca; ‘‘(BB) between ports or places of destina-tion in the State of Oregon, if the ballast water to be discharged from the commercial vessel originated solely from waters located between the parallel 40 degrees north lati-tude and the parallel 50 degrees north lati-tude; ‘‘(CC) between ports or places of destina-tion in the State of California within the San Francisco Bay area east of the Golden Gate Bridge, including the Port of Stockton and the Port of Sacramento, if the ballast water to be discharged from the commercial vessel originated solely from ports or places within that area; ‘‘(DD) between the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, and the El Segundo off-shore marine oil terminal, if the ballast water to be discharged from the commercial vessel originated solely from the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, or the El Segundo offshore marine oil terminal; ‘‘(EE) between a port or place of destina-tion in the State of Alaska within a single Captain of the Port Zone; ‘‘(FF) between ports or places of destina-tion in different counties of the State of Ha-waii, if the vessel may conduct a complete ballast water exchange in waters that are more than 10 nautical miles from shore and at least 200 meters deep; or ‘‘(GG) between ports or places of destina-tion within the same county of the State of Hawaii, if the vessel does not transit outside State marine waters during the voyage. ‘‘(iii) L
OW-SALINITY BALLAST WATER .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II) and clause (iv), the owner or operator of a commercial vessel that trans-ports ballast water sourced from waters with a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand and voyages to a Pacific Region port or place of destination with a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand shall conduct a complete ballast water ex-change— ‘‘(aa) not less than 50 nautical miles from shore, if the ballast water was sourced from a Pacific Region port or place of destination; or ‘‘(bb) more than 200 nautical miles from shore, if the ballast water was not sourced from a Pacific Region port or place of des-tination. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not apply to a commercial vessel voyaging to a port or place of destination in the Pacific Region that is using, in compliance with ap-plicable requirements, a type-approved bal-last water management system approved by the Secretary to achieve standards of per-formance of— ‘‘(aa) less than 1 organism per 10 cubic me-ters, if that organism— ‘‘(AA) is living, or has not been rendered nonviable; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7016 November 15, 2018 
‘‘(BB) is 50 or more micrometers in min-imum dimension; ‘‘(bb) less than 1 organism per 10 milli-liters, if that organism— ‘‘(AA) is living, or has not been rendered nonviable; and ‘‘(BB) is more than 10, but less than 50, mi-crometers in minimum dimension; ‘‘(cc) concentrations of indicator microbes that are less than— ‘‘(AA) 1 colony-forming unit of toxicogenic Vibrio cholera (serotypes O1 and O139) per 100 milliliters or less than 1 colony-forming unit of that microbe per gram of wet weight of zoological samples; ‘‘(BB) 126 colony-forming units of esch-erichia coli per 100 milliliters; and ‘‘(CC) 33 colony-forming units of intestinal enterococci per 100 milliliters; and ‘‘(dd) concentrations of such additional in-dicator microbes and viruses as may be spec-ified in the standards of performance estab-lished by the Administrator under paragraph (4). ‘‘(iv) G
ENERAL EXCEPTIONS .—The require-ments of clauses (ii) and (iii) shall not apply to a commercial vessel if— ‘‘(I) complying with the requirement would compromise the safety of the commercial vessel; ‘‘(II) design limitations of the commercial vessel prevent a ballast water exchange from being conducted in accordance with clause (ii) or (iii), as applicable; ‘‘(III) the commercial vessel— ‘‘(aa) is certified by the Secretary as hav-ing no residual ballast water or sediments onboard; or ‘‘(bb) retains all ballast water while in waters subject to those requirements; or ‘‘(IV) empty ballast tanks on the commer-cial vessel are sealed and certified by the Secretary in a manner that ensures that— ‘‘(aa) no discharge or uptake occurs; and ‘‘(bb) any subsequent discharge of ballast water is subject to those requirements. ‘‘(D) E
STABLISHMENT OF STATE NO -DIS-
CHARGE ZONES .— ‘‘(i) S
TATE PROHIBITION .—Subject to clause (ii), after the effective date of regulations promulgated by the Secretary under para-graph (5), if any State determines that the protection and enhancement of the quality of some or all of the waters within the State require greater environmental protection, the State may prohibit 1 or more types of discharge regulated under this subsection, whether treated or not treated, into such waters. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABILITY .—A prohibition by a State under clause (i) shall not apply until the date on which the Administrator makes the applicable determinations described in clause (iii). ‘‘(iii) P
ROHIBITION BY ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(I) D
ETERMINATION .—On application of a State, the Administrator, in concurrence with the Secretary (subject to subclause (II)), shall, by regulation, prohibit the dis-charge from a vessel of 1 or more discharges subject to regulation under this subsection, whether treated or not treated, into the waters covered by the application if the Ad-ministrator determines that— ‘‘(aa) prohibition of the discharge would protect and enhance the quality of the speci-fied waters within the State; ‘‘(bb) adequate facilities for the safe and sanitary removal and treatment of the dis-charge are reasonably available for the water and all vessels to which the prohibition would apply; ‘‘(cc) the discharge can be safely collected and stored until a vessel reaches a discharge facility or other location; and ‘‘(dd) in the case of an application for the prohibition of discharges of ballast water in a port (or in any other location where cargo, passengers, or fuel are loaded and un-loaded)— ‘‘(AA) the adequate facilities described in item (bb) are reasonably available for com-mercial vessels, after considering, at a min-imum, water depth, dock size, pumpout facil-ity capacity and flow rate, availability of year-round operations, proximity to naviga-tion routes, and the ratio of pumpout facili-ties to the population and discharge capacity of commercial vessels operating in those waters; and ‘‘(BB) the prohibition will not unreason-ably interfere with the safe loading and un-loading of cargo, passengers, or fuel. ‘‘(II) CONCURRENCE WITH SECRETARY .— ‘‘(aa) R
EQUEST .—The Administrator shall submit to the Secretary a request for writ-ten concurrence with respect to a prohibi-tion under subclause (I). ‘‘(bb) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO CONCUR .—A failure by the Secretary to concur with the Administrator under subclause (I) by the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Administrator submits a request for con-currence under item (aa) shall not prevent the Administrator from prohibiting the rel-evant discharge in accordance with sub-clause (III), subject to the condition that the Administrator shall include in the adminis-trative record of the promulgation— ‘‘(AA) documentation of the request sub-mitted under item (aa); and ‘‘(BB) the response of the Administrator to any written objections received from the Secretary relating to the proposed standard of performance during the 60-day period be-ginning on the date of submission of the re-quest. ‘‘(III) T
IMING .—The Administrator shall ap-prove or disapprove an application submitted under subclause (I) by not later than 90 days after the date on which the application is submitted to the Administrator. ‘‘(E) M
AINTENANCE IN EFFECT OF MORE - 
STRINGENT STANDARDS .—In any case in which a requirement established under this para-graph is more stringent or environmentally protective than a comparable requirement established under paragraph (4), (5), or (6), the more-stringent or more-protective re-quirement shall control.’’. (2) R
EPEALS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the fol-lowing provisions of law are repealed: (i) Section 1101 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4711). (ii) Public Law 110–299 (33 U.S.C. 1342 note). (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1102 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712) is amended— (i) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018)’’ after ‘‘section 1101(b)’’; and (ii) in subsection (f)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018)’’ after ‘‘section 1101(c)’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS FOR USE OF MARINE POL-
LUTION CONTROL DEVICES .—Section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘For the purpose of’’ in subsection (a) and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 312. MARINE SANITATION DEVICES; DIS-CHARGES INCIDENTAL TO THE NOR-MAL OPERATION OF VESSELS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘devices or of vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘devices, marine pollution control device equipment, or ves-sels’’; and (B) in paragraph (13), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, ex-cept as provided in subsection (p),’’ after ‘‘means’’; (3) in subsection (g)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or marine pollution con-trol device equipment’’ after ‘‘marine sanita-tion device’’ each place it appears; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘such device’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘test device’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘the device’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in the fourth sentence, by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘device’’ each place it ap-pears; and (4) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ma-rine pollution control device equipment’’ after ‘‘marine sanitation device’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or any certified marine pollution control device equipment or element of design of such equipment’’ after ‘‘such device’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively, and indenting the subpara-graphs appropriately; (D) by striking ‘‘(h) After’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(h) SALE AND RESALE OF PROPERLY  E
QUIPPED VESSELS ; O PERABILITY OF CER-
TIFIED MARINE SANITATION DEVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), after’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection requires certification of a marine pollution control device for use on any vessel of the Armed Forces.’’. (c) E
NFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 312(k) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(k)) is amended— (A) by striking the second sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘(3) S
TATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—This section may be en-forced by a State or political subdivision of a State (including the attorney general of a State), including by filing a civil action in an appropriate Federal district court to en-force any violation of subsection (p). ‘‘(B) J
URISDICTION .—The appropriate Fed-eral district court shall have jurisdiction with respect to a civil action filed pursuant to subparagraph (A), without regard to the amount in controversy or the citizenship of the parties— ‘‘(i) to enforce the requirements of this sec-tion; and ‘‘(ii) to apply appropriate civil penalties under this section or section 309(d), as appro-priate.’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(k) The provisions of this’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(k) E
NFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—This section shall be enforced by the Administrator, to the extent provided in section 309. ‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—This’’; and (C) in paragraph (2) (as so designated)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘oper-ating and he may utilize by agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘operating, who may use, by agree-ment’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NSPECTIONS .—For purposes of ensur-ing compliance with this section, the Sec-retary— ‘‘(i) may carry out an inspection (including the taking of ballast water samples) of any vessel at any time; and ‘‘(ii) shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7017 November 15, 2018 
‘‘(I) establish procedures for— ‘‘(aa) reporting violations of this section; and ‘‘(bb) accumulating evidence regarding those violations; and ‘‘(II) use appropriate and practicable meas-ures of detection and environmental moni-toring of vessels. ‘‘(C) D
ETENTION .—The Secretary may de-tain a vessel if the Secretary— ‘‘(i) has reasonable cause to believe that the vessel— ‘‘(I) has failed to comply with an applica-ble requirement of this section; or ‘‘(II) is being operated in violation of such a requirement; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary provides to the owner or operator of the vessel a notice of the in-tent to detain.’’. (2) P
RESERVATION OF FEDERAL ENFORCE -
MENT AUTHORITY .—Section 309 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1319) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘318’’ and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318’’; (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘318’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318’’; (C) in subsection (d), in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘318’’ and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘State,,’’ and inserting ‘‘State,’’; and (D) in subsection (g)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘318’’ and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318’’. (3) P
RESERVATION OF PUBLIC ENFORCEMENT  
AUTHORITY .—Section 505(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1365(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘(5) certifi-cation’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) a standard of performance or require-ment under section 312(p); (6) a certification under section 401; (7) a permit or condition of a permit issued under section 402 that is in effect under this Act (including a require-ment applicable by reason of section 313); or (8) a regulation under section 405(d).’’. (4) R
EVIEW .—Section 509(b) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1369(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
ISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO NORMAL OP -
ERATION OF VESSELS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), any interested person may file a petition for review of a final agency ac-tion under section 312(p) of the Adminis-trator or the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating in ac-cordance with the requirements of this sub-section. ‘‘(B) V
ENUE EXCEPTION .—Subject to section 312(p)(7)(C)(v), a petition for review of a final agency action under section 312(p) of the Ad-ministrator or the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating may be filed only in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-cuit.’’. (d) L
OGBOOK REQUIREMENTS .—Section 11301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) when a vessel fails to carry out bal-last water management requirements as ap-plicable and pursuant to regulations promul-gated by the Secretary, including when the vessel fails to carry out ballast water man-agement requirements due to an allowed safety exemption, a statement regarding the failure to comply and the circumstances under which the failure occurred, made im-mediately after the failure, when practicable to do so.’’. (e) Q
UAGGA MUSSEL .—Section 42(a)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘of the quagga mussel of the species Dreissena rostriformis or Dreissena bugensis;’’ after ‘‘Dreissena polymorpha;’’. (f) COASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPECIES  M
ITIGATION GRANT PROGRAM AND MITIGATION  F
UND.— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) C
OASTAL ZONE .—The term ‘‘coastal zone’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 304 of the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453). (B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (i) a State; (ii) a unit of local government; (iii) an Indian Tribe; (iv) a nongovernmental organization; and (v) an institution of higher education. (C) E
XCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE .—The term ‘‘Exclusive Economic Zone’’ means the Ex-clusive Economic Zone of the United States, as established by Presidential Proclamation 5030, dated March 10, 1983 (16 U.S.C. 1453 note). (D) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Fish and Wildlife Foun-dation established by section 2(a) of the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation Estab-lishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3701(a)). (E) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund established by paragraph (3)(A). (F) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitiga-tion Grant Program established under para-graph (2)(A). (G) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (2) G
RANT PROGRAM .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary and the Foundation shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘‘Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Grant Program’’, under which the Secretary and the Foundation shall award grants to eligible entities in ac-cordance with this paragraph. (B) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Pro-gram are— (i) to improve the understanding, preven-tion, and mitigation of, and response to, aquatic invasive species in— (I) the coastal zone; and (II) the Exclusive Economic Zone; (ii) to support the prevention and mitiga-tion of impacts from aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone; and (iii) to support the restoration of Pacific Island habitats, marine, estuarine, and Great Lakes environments in the coastal zone and the Exclusive Economic Zone that are im-pacted by aquatic invasive species. (C) U
SE OF GRANTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under the Program shall be used for an activity to carry out the purposes of the Program, in-cluding an activity— (I) to develop and implement procedures and programs, including permissible State ballast water inspection programs, to pre-vent, detect, control, mitigate, and rapidly or progressively eradicate aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone or the Exclusive Economic Zone, particularly in areas with high numbers of established aquatic invasive species; (II) to restore habitat impacted by an aquatic invasive species; (III) to develop new shipboard and land- based ballast water treatment system tech-nologies and performance standards to pre-vent the introduction of aquatic invasive species; (IV) to develop mitigation measures to pro-tect natural and cultural living resources, including shellfish, from the impacts of aquatic invasive species; or (V) to develop mitigation measures to pro-tect infrastructure, such as hydroelectric in-frastructure, from aquatic invasive species. (ii) PROHIBITION ON FUNDING LITIGATION .—A grant awarded under the Program may not be used to fund litigation in any matter. (D) A
DMINISTRATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Foundation, in consultation with the Secretary, shall establish the following: (i) Application and review procedures for awarding grants under the Program. (ii) Approval procedures for awarding grants under the Program, including a re-quirement for consultation with— (I) the Secretary of the Interior; and (II) the Administrator. (iii) Performance accountability and moni-toring measures for activities funded by a grant awarded under the Program. (iv) Procedures and methods to ensure ac-curate accounting and appropriate adminis-tration of grants awarded under the Pro-gram, including standards of recordkeeping. (E) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each eligible entity that receives a grant under the Pro-gram shall provide, in cash or through in- kind contributions from non-Federal sources, matching funds to carry out the ac-tivities funded by the grant in an amount equal to not less than 25 percent of the cost of the activities. (F) F
UNDING .—The Secretary and the Foun-dation are authorized to use the amounts available in the Fund to award grants under the Program. (3) M
ITIGATION FUND .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund, to be known as the ‘‘Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund’’, con-sisting of such amounts as are appropriated or credited to the Fund in accordance with this paragraph or section 9602 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (B) T
RANSFERS TO FUND .— (i) A
PPROPRIATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated from the Treasury to the Fund, for each fiscal year, an amount equal to the amount of penalties assessed for viola-tions of subsection (p) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) during the preceding fiscal year. (ii) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION .—In addi- tion to the amounts transferred to the Fund under clause (i), there is authorized to be ap-propriated to the Fund $5,000,000 for each fis-cal year. (C) U
SE OF FUND .—Subject to appropria-tions, the amounts in the Fund shall be available to the Secretary and the Founda-tion to award grants under the Program. (g) G
REAT LAKES AND LAKE CHAMPLAIN  I
NVASIVE SPECIES PROGRAM .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. (B) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘aquatic nuisance species’’ has the meaning given that term in subsection (p)(1) of sec-tion 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1322). (C) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office established by section 118(b) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(b)). (D) G
REAT LAKES AND LAKE CHAMPLAIN SYS -
TEMS .—The term ‘‘Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems’’ includes— (i) Lake Champlain; and (ii) all bodies of water (including wetlands) within— (I) the Great Lakes System (as defined in section 118(a)(3) of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(a)(3))); or (II) the Lake Champlain drainage basin (as defined in section 120(g) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1270(g))). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7018 November 15, 2018 
(E) P ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Invasive Species Program established under paragraph (2)(A). (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish within the Great Lakes National Program Office a program, to be known as the ‘‘Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Invasive Species Program’’— (i) in collaboration with— (I) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; (II) the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration; (III) the Director of the United States Geo-logical Survey; and (IV) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating; and (ii) in consultation with— (I) the head of Great Lakes Aquatic Non-indigenous Species Information System of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration; and (II) the head of Great Lakes Environ-mental Research Laboratory of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. (B) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Pro-gram shall be— (i) to monitor for the introduction and spread of aquatic nuisance species into or within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (ii) to detect newly introduced aquatic nui-sance species prior to the establishment of the aquatic nuisance species in the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (iii) to inform, and assist with, manage-ment and response actions to prevent or stop the establishment or spread of an aquatic nuisance species; (iv) to establish a watch list of candidate aquatic nuisance species that may be intro-duced or spread, and that may survive and establish, within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (v) to monitor vectors likely to be contrib-uting to the introduction or spread of aquat-ic nuisance species, including ballast water operations; (vi) to work collaboratively with the Fed-eral, State, local, and Tribal agencies to de-velop criteria for prioritizing and distrib-uting monitoring efforts; (vii) to develop, achieve type approval for, and pilot shipboard or land-based ballast water management systems installed on, or available for use by, commercial vessels op-erating solely within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems to prevent the spread of aquatic nuisance species popu-lations within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; and (viii) to facilitate meaningful Federal and State implementation of the regulatory framework in this subsection, including monitoring, shipboard education, inspection, and compliance conducted by States. (3) M
ETHODOLOGY .—The Program shall seek— (A) to build on— (i) existing aquatic nuisance species moni-toring efforts; and (ii) efforts to develop criteria for prioritizing and distributing monitoring ef-forts, geographically and among taxa, in the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (B) to advance early detection and moni-toring, and capacity to control the establish-ment and spread, of aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (C) to identify opportunities to interdict the introduction and spread of aquatic nui-sance species through sound science and technological advancements; (D) to assess the risk of aquatic nuisance species introduction and spread via the range of vectors active within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (E) to advance the development of type-ap-proved ballast water management system (as defined in subsection (p)(1) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) equipment for commercial, non- seagoing vessels that operate solely within the Great Lakes System (as defined in sec-tion 118(a)(3) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(a)(3))); (F) to immediately make available to the public information regarding— (i) the detection of new aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; or (ii) the spread of aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (G) to annually submit to appropriate indi-viduals and entities in each affected region a report describing the findings and activities of the Program; (H) to identify roles and responsibilities of Federal agencies in aquatic nuisance species monitoring and response; and (I) to provide resource assistance to States implementing State-level programs to enter into partnerships with Federal agencies in enforcing the requirements under subsection (p) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322). (4) COLLABORATION .—In carrying out and developing the Program, the Director shall collaborate with— (A) applicable Federal, State, local, and Tribal agencies; and (B) such other research entities or stake-holders as the Director determines to be ap-propriate. (5) D
ATA AVAILABILITY .—The Director shall— (A) make the data collected under the Pro-gram available on a publicly accessible internet website, including in an annual summary report; and (B) in coordination with the entities iden-tified under paragraph (4), develop commu-nication and notification protocols for the purpose of communicating the range of aquatic nuisance species and any identifica-tion of a new aquatic nuisance species intro-duced to the Great Lakes and Lake Cham-plain Systems. (6) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Director shall submit to Con-gress a report summarizing the outcomes of activities carried out under the Program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The report under subpara-graph (A) shall include— (i) a description of activities carried out under the Program, including an explanation of how those activities help to achieve the purposes described in paragraph (2)(B); (ii) an analysis of Federal, State, and local efforts to enhance multidisciplinary ap-proaches to achieve the purposes described in paragraph (2)(B); (iii) recommendations relating to activi-ties that would contribute to achievement of the purposes described in paragraph (2)(B); and (iv) recommendations to improve the effi-ciency and effectiveness of the Program. (7) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the Program $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. (h) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) Section 1102(f) of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712(f)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) B
ALLAST WATER REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The owner or operator of a vessel subject to this title shall submit to the National Ballast Information Clear-inghouse, by not later than 6 hours after the arrival of the vessel at a United States port or place of destination, the ballast water management report form approved by the Of-fice of Management and Budget numbered OMB 1625–0069 (or a successor form), unless the vessel is operating exclusively on a voy-age between ports or places within contig-uous portions of a single Captain of the Port Zone. ‘‘(B) M
ULTIPLE DISCHARGES .—The owner or operator of a vessel subject to this title may submit a single report under subparagraph (A) for multiple ballast water discharges within a single port or place of destination during the same voyage. ‘‘(C) A
DVANCE REPORT TO STATES .—A State may require the owner or operator of a ves-sel subject to this title to submit directly to the State, or to an appropriate regional forum, a ballast water management report form— ‘‘(i) not later than 24 hours prior to arrival at a United States port or place of destina-tion in the State, if the voyage of the vessel is anticipated to exceed 24 hours; or ‘‘(ii) before departing the port or place of departure, if the voyage of the vessel to the United States port or place of destination is not anticipated to exceed 24 hours. ‘‘(3) V
ESSEL REPORTING DATA .— ‘‘(A) D
ISSEMINATION TO STATES .—On receipt of a ballast water management report under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Informa-tion Clearinghouse shall— ‘‘(i) in the case of a form submitted elec-tronically, immediately disseminate the re-port to interested States; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a form submitted by means other than electronically, dissemi-nate the report to interested States as soon as practicable. ‘‘(B) A
VAILABILITY TO PUBLIC .—Not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of a ballast water management report under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Informa-tion Clearinghouse shall make the data in the report fully and readily available to the public in a searchable and fully retrievable electronic format. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than July 1, 2019, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall prepare and submit a report in accord-ance with this paragraph. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under this paragraph shall synthesize and analyze the data described in paragraph (1) for the pre-ceding 2-year period to evaluate nationwide status and trends relating to— ‘‘(i) ballast water delivery and manage-ment; and ‘‘(ii) invasions of aquatic nuisance species resulting from ballast water. ‘‘(C) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary shall prepare each report under this paragraph in consultation and cooperation with— ‘‘(i) the Task Force; and ‘‘(ii) the Smithsonian Institution (acting through the Smithsonian Environmental Re-search Center). ‘‘(D) S
UBMISSION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) submit each report under this para-graph to— ‘‘(I) the Task Force; ‘‘(II) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(III) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives; and ‘‘(ii) make each report available to the public. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7019 November 15, 2018 
‘‘(5) W ORKING GROUP .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Secretary shall establish a work-ing group, including members from the Na-tional Ballast Information Clearinghouse and States with ballast water management programs, to establish a process for com-piling and readily sharing Federal and State commercial vessel reporting and enforce-ment data regarding compliance with this Act.’’. (2) Section 1205 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4725) is amended— (A) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Compliance’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) E
FFECT OF COMPLIANCE .—Compliance’’; (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Nothing’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) E
FFECT OF TITLE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), nothing’’; (C) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘All actions’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
ONSISTENCY WITH ENVIRONMENTAL  L
AWS.—All actions’’; and (D) in subsection (b) (as so designated), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel, includ-ing any discharge of ballast water (as those terms are defined in subsections (a) and (p)(1) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322)), shall be regulated in accordance with that section.’’. TITLE X—HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES AND OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 1001. REAUTHORIZATION OF HYDRO-GRAPHIC SERVICES IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 1998. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATIONS .—Section 306 of the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892d) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘There are’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There are’’; (2) in subsection (a) (as designated by para-graph (1))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘surveys— ’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘surveys, $70,814,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘vessels— ’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘vessels, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Adminis-tration—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘Admin-istration, $29,932,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $26,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $30,564,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
RCTIC PROGRAMS .—Of the amount au-thorized by this section for each fiscal year— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 is authorized for use in the Arctic— ‘‘(A) to acquire hydrographic data; ‘‘(B) to provide hydrographic services; ‘‘(C) to conduct coastal change analyses necessary to ensure safe navigation; ‘‘(D) to improve the management of coast-al change; and ‘‘(E) to reduce risks of harm to subsistence and coastal communities associated with in-creased international maritime traffic; and ‘‘(2) $2,000,000 is authorized for use to ac-quire hydrographic data and provide hydro-graphic services in the Arctic necessary to delineate the United States extended Conti-nental Shelf.’’. (b) LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Section 306 of such Act (33 U.S.C. 892d) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Of amounts author-ized by this section for each fiscal year for contract hydrographic surveys, not more than 5 percent is authorized for administra-tive costs associated with contract manage-ment.’’. 
SEC. 1002. SYSTEM FOR TRACKING AND REPORT-ING ALL-INCLUSIVE COST OF HY-DROGRAPHIC SURVEYS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall— (1) develop and implement a system to track and report the full cost to the Depart-ment of Commerce of hydrographic data col-lection, including costs relating to vessel ac-quisition, vessel repair, and administration of contracts to procure data; (2) evaluate measures for comparing cost per unit effort in addition to measures of cost per nautical square mile; and (3) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on which additional measures for comparing cost per unit effort the Secretary intends to use and the rationale for such use. (b) D
EVELOPMENT OF STRATEGY FOR IN-
CREASED CONTRACTING WITH NONGOVERN -
MENTAL ENTITIES FOR HYDROGRAPHIC DATA C
OLLECTION .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary completes the activities required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall develop a strategy for how the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration will increase contracting with nongovernmental entities for hydrographic data collection in a manner that is con-sistent with the requirements of the Ocean and Coastal Mapping Integration Act (Public Law 111–11; 33 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.). 
SEC. 1003. HOMEPORT OF CERTAIN RESEARCH VESSELS. 
(a) A CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AUTHORIZED .— The Secretary of Commerce may accept non- Federal funds for the purpose of the con-struction of a new port facility, including ob-taining such cost estimates, designs, and permits as may be necessary to facilitate the homeporting of the R/V FAIRWEATHER in accordance with title II of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judici-ary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2002 (Public Law 107–77; 115 Stat. 775) at a location that during such homeporting shall be under the administrative jurisdic-tion of the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. (b) S
TRATEGIC PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a strategic plan for implementing subsection (a). (c) A
CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AUTHORIZED .— The Secretary may accept non-Federal funds for the purpose of the construction of a new port facility, including obtaining such cost estimates, designs, and permits as may be necessary to facilitate the homeporting of a new, existing, or reactivated research vessel in the city of St. Petersburg, Florida, at a lo-cation that during such homeporting shall be under the administrative jurisdiction of the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. (d) S
TRATEGIC PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to Congress a strategic plan for con-struction or acquisition of the facilities needed to allow for an oceanographic re-search vessel to be homeported in St. Peters-burg, Florida. The strategic plan shall in-clude an estimate of funding needed to con-struct such facilities. Mr. M CCONNELL. So for the infor-mation of the Senate, the modification that occurred was necessary to fix a technical error that omitted a number of important charts and tables from the bill. 
f 
TO CORRECT THE ENROLLMENT OF S. 140 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 51. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the concur-rent resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 51) to correct the enrollment of S. 140. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 51) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS AND BIPARTISAN ACCOMPLISHMENTS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, the Senate’s final order of business this week will be to confirm Michelle Bow-man, the President’s choice to serve on the Federal Reserve Board. As I highlighted in recent days, we have before us a nominee whose skills and background are tailor-made for the responsibilities of the office. Ms. Bow-man has extensive experience in com-munity banking, and the seat to be filled is intended for an expert in that very field. My colleagues hardly need me to il-lustrate any further the role that small community banks play in the lives of family farms, small businesses, and communities all across our country. It is time to take an important step for them and confirm this well-qualified nominee. Yesterday, we passed legislation to reauthorize the Coast Guard by an overwhelming bipartisan majority. The Senate took action to reaffirm the crit-ical security, interdiction, and rescue missions that keep America safe and to streamline duplicative regulations at the same time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.005 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7020 November 15, 2018 
The provision to clarify the regula-tion of vessel incidental discharge de-livered a much needed victory for the communities and small maritime busi-nesses, including so many in my State of Kentucky, that rely on America’s in-land waterways for their livelihood. The reauthorization delivered some well-earned certainty to the brave men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard, whose commitment to service should make all of us proud. Of course, the Coast Guard legisla-tion was just the very latest install-ment in a long list of bipartisan suc-cesses passed by this Senate in this Congress on behalf of the American people. The big battles may be what cap-tivate the press, and Republicans are certainly proud of our signature ac-complishments, like historic tax re-form and confirming Justice Gorsuch and Justice Kavanaugh, but at the same time, it is frequently overlooked how many of this Congress’s achieve-ments have been thoroughly bipar-tisan. Republicans and Democrats together passed landmark legislation that mar-shaled more resources to the frontlines of communities fighting against opioids, more specialized training and resources for first responders, greater access to grant support for State and local authorities, and more support for treatment, recovery, and workforce re-entry programs to heal the wounds of this devastating epidemic. Together we reformed some of the ex-cesses of Dodd-Frank and lightened the load on local lenders. Together we ended the cycle of chronic continuing resolutions for de-fense funding that denied certainty to our Armed Forces and eroded our read-iness. We rebuilt a regular appropria-tions process. It featured the largest year-on-year defense funding increase in 15 years and the biggest pay raise for servicemembers in nearly a decade. Together we made new investments to start rebuilding our Nation’s infra-structure. Together, we brought new resources and new reforms to the systems that serve our veterans. Together, we im-proved comprehensive sanctions to tar-get maligned behavior throughout the international system. We passed major bills to combat sex trafficking, im-prove school safety, expand opportuni-ties for vocational and technical train-ing, and extend the right to try new medical treatments to those with ter-minal illnesses. This isn’t even an exhaustive list. Clearly, the Senate has proved to be fertile soil for bipartisan work. It has made life better for the American peo-ple in tangible ways. We should all take pride in this, and we need to keep up this momentum for the remainder of this year as we consider more legis-lation and confirm more nominees. We will need it throughout the next Con-gress. We will need to work across the aisle within this body, and this Repub-lican Senate and Democratic House will need to learn to collaborate as well. This long list of accomplishments offers just the blueprint we will need. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PAUL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
MOTION TO DISCHARGE—S.J. RES. 65 Mr. PAUL. Pursuant to the Arms Ex-port Act of 1976, I move to discharge the Foreign Relations Committee from further consideration of S.J. Res. 65, relating to the disapproval of the pro-posed foreign military sale to the Gov-ernment of Bahrain. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The motion is now pending. Mr. PAUL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that until 12:15 p.m., the time be equally divided by op-ponents and proponents, with the first 30 minutes for opponents of the bill and the last 30 minutes for proponents of the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
SPECIAL COUNSEL INVESTIGATION  
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I rise to discuss the firing of Attorney General Jeff Sessions by President Trump immediately after the midterm elections, as well as the ongoing Jus-tice Department investigation by Spe-cial Counsel Robert Mueller into Rus-sian interference in the 2016 U.S. Presi-dential elections. The only transparency to be found in the Trump White House is the Presi-dent’s disdain for the Mueller inves-tigation into the 2016 elections. After multiple guilty pleas and convictions among the President’s campaign advis-ers on this ongoing investigation, President Trump remains relentless in his campaign to find any way possible to limit the scope of the ongoing inves-tigation. I did not support Jeff Sessions’ nomi-nation to be Attorney General, but he followed the law and rightly recused himself from overseeing the work of Mr. Mueller and his team of profes-sional investigators. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein should con-tinue to oversee the Mueller investiga-tion. Deputy Attorney General Rosen-stein has shown his fidelity to the rule of law with the much needed announce-ment of a special counsel to inves-tigate potential criminal activity and collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian Government in the 2016 elections. His choice of Robert Mueller was solid. Mr. Mueller served as the FBI Director under both Demo-cratic and Republican Presidential ad-ministrations. He has a well-earned reputation as a nonpartisan profes-sional. Let me remind my colleagues that when Deputy Attorney General Rosen-stein made the special counsel appoint-ment in May of 2017, he wrote: I determined that it is in the public inter-est for me to exercise my authority and ap-point a Special Counsel to assume responsi-bility for this matter. . . . What I have de-termined is that based upon the unique cir-cumstances, the public interest requires me to place this investigation under the author-ity of a person who exercises a degree of independence from the normal chain of com-mand. . . . Considering the unique cir-cumstances of this matter, however, I deter-mined that a Special Counsel is necessary in order for the American people to have full confidence in the outcome. Our Nation is grounded on the rule of law, and the public must be assured that government officials administer the law fairly. Special Counsel Mueller will have all appropriate resources to conduct a thorough and complete inves-tigation, and I am confident that he will fol-low the facts, apply the law and reach a just result. 
That is what Mr. Rosenstein said when he appointed Mr. Mueller as spe-cial counsel. Now we know just how right Deputy Attorney General Rosen-stein was to worry about protecting the independence and integrity of the special counsel’s investigation so that the rule of law would be followed and the special counsel could follow the facts, apply the law, and reach a just result regardless of what the President wants. Indeed, at every turn, President Trump has tried to undermine the rule of law and interfere with this inves-tigation. He has relentlessly criticized the Mueller investigation in the court of public opinion, somehow character-izing it as a ‘‘witch-hunt’’ by con-flicted, ‘‘angry Democrats,’’ notwith-standing the dozens of guilty pleas and convictions already obtained by the special counsel, as well as Mr. Mueller’s professional, nonpartisan leg-acy of service. The new Acting Attorney General, Matthew Whitaker, who is an unconfirmed political appointee, is al-ready on the record making inflam-matory comments on how to limit the scope of the investigation and cut off resources. He should immediately recuse himself from the investigation. Serious legal questions have been raised about the legality and constitu-tionality of the designation by Presi-dent Trump of Mr. Whitaker, who has not been confirmed by the Senate and is heading a Cabinet Department. The Constitution’s appointment clause re-quires all principal officers of the gov-ernment to be nominated and have the advice and consent of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.007 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7021 November 15, 2018 
This action by President Trump im-perils the very leadership of the Jus-tice Department and its day-to-day op-erations and calls into question any de-cisions made by Mr. Whitaker during his temporary service. The Senate al-ready confirmed Deputy Attorney Gen-eral Rosenstein on an overwhelming bi-partisan basis, by a 94-to-6 vote, in April of 2017. Under Justice Depart-ment guidance and current law, Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein, who has served with distinction under both Democratic and Republican adminis-trations and was nominated by Presi-dent Trump, should be designated as the Acting Attorney General until such time as the President nominates and the Senate confirms a successor to former Attorney General Sessions. Under the current oversight of Dep-uty Attorney General Rosenstein, Spe-cial Counsel Mueller’s investigation must continue until its conclusion. The President must stop trying to impede its progress. Congress has a responsi-bility to finally take legislative action to protect the investigation from med-dling by the White House, especially from interference by the President. The Senate has an obligation to pass legislation that would ensure the inde-pendence of the special counsel, pro-vide judicial review for the removal of the special counsel, and require addi-tional reporting to Congress and the American people on the special coun-sel’s investigations, documents, and ul-timate findings. S. 2644 does exactly that and is a bipartisan bill that passed the Judiciary Committee by a vote of 14 to 7 in April of 2018. It has sat on the Senate’s calendar for more than 6 months. The full Senate should be able to vote on this measure immediately given the active and ongoing inter-ference by President Trump into the special counsel’s investigation. I hope my colleagues agree that the special counsel should be allowed to finish his work without interference. No one under the Constitution—not even the President—is above the law, and Congress cannot allow the Presi-dent to obstruct the special counsel’s investigation. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I would like to share with the Senate and those following this debate a story about a man named Alton Mills. Alton Mills was a young African American in the city of Chicago. He was an above-average high school stu-dent. It looked like he might even go on to higher education, but he had some bad luck when it came to employ-ment and jobs, and he made a stupid decision. He made a stupid decision by becoming part of a gang in the neigh-borhood that was selling drugs. As a result of that, he was arrested and convicted of the possession and sale of a small amount of narcotics. The sentence was suspended because he had had no previous criminal record. It happened a second time. Again, he didn’t serve a day in jail. It was sus-pended with the promise that he would never do it again, but he stumbled and did it a third time. As a result of that, in 1994, at the age of 24, Alton Mills was given a mandatory sentence of life in prison. He had never been involved in a violent crime. He had never used a fire-arm, and he never was a drug kingpin but had been involved in the sale of drugs. At the age of 24, he received a life sentence for the three incidents I just mentioned. How could we have ever reached a point at which a person would be sent to jail for life for those three crimes? We reached that point because 25 years ago we did something that was just plain wrong. You will seldom hear a Senator say this in the course of a speech, but I am going to say it. The worst vote I ever cast in my life in the House or in the Senate was for the 100- to-1 sentencing disparity between crack cocaine and powder cocaine. In other words, if you took the same amount of cocaine and if it were in a powder form, sitting next to the same amount of cocaine in a crystallized form that could be smoked and if you were arrested for the possession of one or the other, the sentence for crack co-caine was 100 times what it was for powder cocaine. Why did we do that? Why did we have such a gross disparity? It was because we were frightened. As a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives, I remember it well. They came to us and said that there was a new form of cocaine on the streets. It cost 5 bucks, and it was heavily addict-ive. If a mother were to ingest this co-caine while being pregnant, it could harm the fetus for life. So do some-thing. At about that same time, there was this great scandal here in Washington, DC, of an outstanding basketball play-er at the University of Maryland, named Len Bias, who overdosed on drugs and died. People were talking about his career in the NBA and this great talent, and he was dead. It had nothing to do with crack cocaine, but it was part of the environment and part of the overreaction that took place among politicians in Washington. I was one of them. I voted for that 100- to-1 disparity and said we had to accept a hard, tough message right now. We did—100 to 1. It didn’t have any measurable impact on drug sales in the United States, but it had a measurable impact on the number of people who were incarcer-ated in the United States and the lengths of their incarcerations. Those votes that I and many like me cast on both sides of the aisle resulted in man-datory sentences for people like Alton Mills—life sentences. Let me tell you how the Alton Mills story ends before I go on. After serving 24 years in prison for those three street sales, Alton Mills came to my attention through a crimi-nal defense attorney named—of all things—MiAngel Cody. She was Alton’s angel. That is for sure. She fought for him, and she believed that he deserved better than to spend the rest of his life rotting in prison for those stupid deci-sions he made in his early life. I ap-pealed to President Obama to commute his sentence, and the President agreed to do that. So, after all of that service behind bars, Alton Mills was released. What is he doing today? He is a mechanic at the Chicago Transit Authority. He repairs the buses that I ride on. He got married. He is now working with his daughter and his new grandchild. He is contributing to society. He is a community college stu-dent, where he is pursuing an associ-ate’s agree. Finally, his life is on the right track. If he had not received a pardon, Alton Mills would have died in prison because of our existing Federal sentencing laws. Yesterday, something happened which is remarkable. President Donald Trump had a press conference with rep-resentatives of law enforcement and announced that he was going to sup-port legislation, which I have been working on for quite some time with Senator LEEand Senator G RASSLEY , to change the sentencing provisions that I have described to you. What an amaz-ing coalition—D
URBIN on the Demo-cratic side, G
RASSLEY and L EEon the Republican side, and now President Trump. The stars are lined up in a way that we seldom see in Washington, DC. What we are going to set out to do with this bill, if we can pass it in the closing weeks of this session, is to give a chance to thousands of people who are still serving sentences for non-violent offenses involving crack co-caine under the old 100-to-1 ruling to petition individually, not as a group, to the court for a reduction in the sen-tencing. I have been through this. It is not easy. They have to go right back to the U.S. Attorney’s Office that prosecuted them to get the thumbs up and ap-proval to go forward. Many times, they turn to victims, if there are victims in the crime, before any decision is made. They turn to the judges, particularly those sentencing judges who are still on the bench. If they clear all of those hurdles, they have a chance for reduc-tions in their sentences. Senator G
RASSLEY and I are about to introduce legislation that President Trump endorsed yesterday, and we will begin working to build bipartisan sup-port to pass it before we leave. Con-gress needs to pass this legislation. We have a different drug crisis facing us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.009 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7022 November 15, 2018 
today. It isn’t crack cocaine anymore. It is an opioid epidemic. It is a Federal epidemic. It is the deadliest drug epi-demic that we have ever faced. We have a totally different view of drugs than we did when Alton Mills was sentenced. In those days, most of the defendants were people of color— primarily African Americans. Yet today this opioid epidemic has gone far beyond the hood. It has gone far be-yond the inner city. It affects suburbs, even the wealthiest of suburbs, and towns—rural towns—no matter how small they are. People are starting to think anew about what to do with drug addiction. Is our goal to put people in prison for drug addiction or is our goal to end the addiction? We know that in some cases those who have been imprisoned will not use again. Many times, they will. We know, if people go successfully through treatment, they may be spared the addiction, and it may save their lives. We are coming of age when it comes to drugs in America. What we try to do with this bill is also to take into consideration crimi-nal defendants who meet certain lim-ited criteria, such as with drug of-fenses, which is the No. 1 prosecution offense in our Federal system. It takes into consideration drug offenders who are not kingpins, who are not the bosses and are not involved in any vio-lence in the crime, when there is no gun involved and if they are willing to cooperate with the government in clos-ing down the drug operation. If they meet all of those criteria, we say that the court can take that into consider-ation in sentencing. I think that is a good thing. I think, in Alton Mills’ situation, it would have resulted in a much, much different sentence than what he faced before the commutation by President Obama. We also want to make certain that in the future those who were sentenced under the old 100-to-1 disparity, as I mentioned earlier, could petition the government for a reconsideration of their sentencing on an individual basis. There will be no guarantee that they will be released, but they will have the opportunity to petition in those situa-tions. I think this is a step in the right direction. The bill also contains provisions which, I think, are extraordinary when it comes to prison reform. What are we going to do with all of these people? Most of those who are in prison will be coming out someday. Will they come out to commit another crime or create another victim? That would be a fail-ure of the system completely. Two Senators—one Republican, Sen-ator J
OHN CORNYN of Texas, and one Democrat, Senator S
HELDON WHITE-
HOUSE of Rhode Island—came together with the prison reform bill that has al-ready passed the House with 386 votes, and we have improved it some in the Senate. Basically, it gives to those who are in prison an incentive to develop skills and training and education levels that will serve them when they leave in order to reduce recidivism and re-duce the commission of crime in the future. I think that is humane. It is sensible. It says to those who truly want to turn their lives around that we are going to give you a chance to prove it. Prove it with your actions, and we will give you a chance to be released earlier and have a chance to go into society in a positive way. We brought these two together— criminal sentencing and prison reform. It doesn’t happen very often around here. The last time we had any measur-able impact on the subject was 8 years ago. It was 8 years ago when I intro-duced my first bill on criminal sen-tencing reform. I think that bill worked, which, incidentally, I cospon-sored with former Senator Jeff Ses-sions. It gave the individuals an oppor-tunity to petition for early release. In many cases, it saved their lives and gave them a chance. We are back with a bipartisan bill that is called the FIRST STEP Act. This bill, I think, de-serves our consideration in the Senate as quickly as possible. Do you see this empty Senate floor? This is a place to do business. We have some business to do. In the 3 weeks we will be in session at the end of Novem-ber and in the month of December, we can easily pass this legislation. I sat down with Senator GRASSLEY and Re-publican and Democratic leaders from the House. They are anxious—we are all anxious—to bring this up. I am going to plead with Senator M
CCON-
NELL and ask everyone to join me to put this measure on the calendar. I be-lieve it will have strong bipartisan sup-port. Democrats and Republicans will join in an effort endorsed by President Trump. How about that for your head-line? You don’t see that sort of thing happening very often. We have a chance to do it here with this revised FIRST STEP Act. I thank all those who have worked so hard on it, starting with M
IKELEE, my original cosponsor. I would add to that C
HUCK GRASSLEY , who has been a ter-rific partner from start to finish in making this a bipartisan effort. Special thanks to Senators Cornyn and White-house for marrying up their prison re-form package with our sentencing re-form package. This could be signifi-cant. It could be one of the most im-portant things we do when it comes to criminal justice, not only this year but for a long time. I commend my colleagues for their cooperation on that, and I hope we can get this job done in the closing weeks of this session. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Re-publican whip. 
SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I know looking back on the last 2 years since the 2016 election, time has flown, but it is important to reflect on what we have been able to accomplish, and, really, it is pretty remarkable. These are not just political accomplishments; these are things that have improved the lives of our constituents—the American peo-ple. As time is running out on the 115th Congress leading up to the holidays, yesterday I spoke about some of our larger accomplishments. Today I want to highlight some of the other impor-tant accomplishments we have made. Because they weren’t particularly con-troversial, you didn’t see them re-ported in cable news or in the media or the subject of massive social media campaigns. In addition, there are the economic gains we have seen from passing historic tax reform to the regu-latory rollback we have seen, which has unleashed the American economy. We have also passed important public safety legislation, like the opioid legis-lation, which is designed to help thou-sands of Americans suffering from drug addiction. It is important to remember the grim statistic that last year alone, 72,000 Americans died from drug overdoses, 50,000 died from opioid overdoses, which include prescription drugs, fentanyl and heroin, most of which come from Mexico. I will touch on that in a moment. A little over a year ago, the gulf coast of Texas sustained a rain event the likes of which we hope we will never see again. This was called Hurri-cane Harvey, but instead of damaging winds, in addition, we had incredible amounts of rain, with catastrophic flooding that left Texans dealing with months-long recovery efforts that are still going on today. I was proud to join with not only my Texas colleagues but also colleagues across the aisle in both Chambers to pass three separate disaster relief bills totaling $147 billion for Hurricane Har-vey aid, as well as the other natural disasters affecting other parts of the country. About $30 billion of that, I think, is Texas-specific, more or less, in terms of the needs, in terms of the resources that were required not only to recover but also to help mitigate fu-ture threats. We know it does little good to fix the problem today if it is going to be repeated tomorrow, and we know Hurricane Harvey is not the last hurricane and the last rain event we are going to have. So we authorized a coastal study that will ultimately lead us to construction of a coastal spine that will help protect the important gulf coast region, where most of the re-fining capacity in the country is lo-cated—and we know that is a national priority—as well as the flood mitiga-tion projects I mentioned a moment ago, by authorizing and funding the Army Corps of Engineers. We tried to listen—and I did in Texas—to what our constituents said they needed most, and we passed two other pieces of legislation particularly relating to the disaster. First, we made houses of worship eli-gible for certain FEMA grants to help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.011 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7023 November 15, 2018 
them rebuild after disasters. The sec-ond was a tax relief provision similar to the one we passed after Hurricane Katrina, which gave Texans the ability to deduct their property damage costs and access retirement savings on an emergency basis without penalties. Providing that relief was a big help to my constituents. Disasters tend to bring out the best in all of us because it causes us to do things we didn’t know we could actu-ally do. The Texas spirit was perhaps one of the things that was most reas-suring following the disasters, and it never wavered. We saw that spirit again rallied around a community after an unthink-able act of violence at Sutherland Springs, TX, that left 26 people dead and 20 more wounded. Because the U.S. Air Force had failed to upload a felony conviction for domestic violence into the FBI’s criminal background check system, the shooter in that case was able to acquire multiple firearms by simply lying about his criminal back-ground record. So we came together, in a bipartisan way, to pass a bill I intro-duced called the Fix NICS Act—NICS is the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System, hence the name—that fixed or at least took great strides toward fixing our broken back-ground check system to ensure that violent criminals can’t easily acquire firearms when they are convicted and ineligible under existing law. We saw that resiliency arise out of another tragedy at Santa Fe High School, where we passed the STOP School Violence Act. I am not sug-gesting that by passing legislation, we are going to magically wave our wand and stop acts of violence, but we can do things that provide planning, training, safety infrastructure, and law enforce-ment support for our schools to make them a less soft target. In an open society, I doubt we will ever be able to stop all acts of violence, but I think these are intended and will have a constructive effect and actually save lives. A third way we spoke on the issue of public safety in our communities was through another bill I introduced called the Project Safe Neighborhoods Act that was signed into law earlier this year. It passed the Senate unani-mously. People think everything is di-vided here along political lines. Well, we actually pass legislation like this unanimously in the Senate. It author-ized the Project Safe Neighborhoods Program at the Department of Justice, which aims to reduce violent crimes by pairing local, State, and Federal law enforcement officials with Federal prosecutors and using tough Federal laws to prosecute gun crimes. These partnerships are proven to reduce vio-lent crimes and deserve our full sup-port. We have also come together to provide help to victims of crime and for the vulnerable. The President has signed into law three bills I introduced that built upon my work when I was attorney general of Texas. The first is called the SAFER Act, which is aimed at reducing the backlog of untested rape kits in foren-sic labs. The second is called the Jus-tice Served Act, which assists law en-forcement in prosecuting the most dif-ficult cold cases using the seemingly magical power of DNA testing in foren-sic labs. The third is a bill I cham-pioned called the PROTECT Our Chil-dren Act, which reauthorizes impor-tant resources combating child exploi-tation online. Perhaps the best news story of the last couple of years has been our econ-omy, how it has come roaring back. We have tried to reduce the regulatory burden on employers and job seekers alike, including in the three bills the President has signed into law. These were targeted bills not de-signed to change Western civilization but to address specific, real problems that will improve the lives of the peo-ple we work for. One of those is the New HOPE Act, which is an occupa-tional licensing reform bill that gives States the tools to reduce barriers to certain professions. It makes no sense because of licensing requirements to basically bar people from doing things they can learn how to do without over-ly burdensome licensing and training requirements which essentially are de-signed to protect incumbents. We have also passed the Jobs for Our Heroes Act, which makes it easier for our veterans to get commercial driver’s licenses. We passed the American Law En-forcement Heroes Act to make sure veterans can get hired by local law en-forcement agencies when they come out of the military with the very skills that are needed by our local law en-forcement. We know all of our police agencies are working hard to try to re-cruit good, qualified people to keep our communities safe. They struggle with that, and this will help make that bet-ter. In each of these cases, we tried to lis-ten to the needs of Texans and people across the country and to translate that into legislation that will improve their lives. They don’t get top billing on the national news, but they deserve our support, as do the people whom I came in contact with in my State who have inspired these laws. As we close out the 115th Congress and move into a new Congress in Janu-ary, these are the types of things we can continue to do together. Because of the midterm elections, our friends in the other body, the House of Rep-resentatives—now that Ms. P
ELOSI will presumably be the next Speaker—have an important decision to make: Do they want to make noise, do they want to harass the President or do they want to work with us to make laws that im-prove the quality of life for the people we represent? I hope they choose the latter, and, clearly, there is more we can and should do together to help the American people. I know I am running out of time. I am going to come back a little later on to talk about the caravans that are coming up from Central America through Mexico and what we need to do together to address those. At this time, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). The Senator from Kentucky. 
S.J. RES. 65 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I rise today to call for an end to the U.S. in-volvement in the war in Yemen. There might be a good excuse for not know-ing there is a war in Yemen because the media seems to be preoccupied with other things, but we have been in-volved with supporting the Saudi coali-tion, the Saudi alliance with nine other nations, including Bahrain, which has been bombing Yemen. You might not know much about Yemen, either. Yemen is one of the poorest countries on the planet. There are about 17 million people who live on the edge of starvation there. This year they suffered an epidemic of cholera. Over 1 million people had cholera, and thousands of people died. This is a country so impoverished that even when there is no war in Yemen, they live on the very edge of being able to survive. The pictures are heartrending. If you see the pictures of the small children with their swollen bellies— swollen because they don’t have enough protein so that the fluid lit-erally drains from their blood system into their bellies. The pictures are heartrending, and your tax dollars are supporting this war. So I think there ought to be a debate. That is what I stand up today to do: to force a debate over whether we should be involved with aiding and abetting the Saudi coalition in this war in Yemen. Our Founding Fathers intended that Congress would debate war. It is very, very clear. If you read the Federalist papers, if you read the Constitution, if you read any of the Founding Fathers, if you read any of the first eight Presi-dents, they said explicitly again and again that the prerogative to declare war was Congress’s—that it was spe-cifically taken from the President. It is specifically forbidden for the President to go to war without the permission of Congress. We have been having a little bit of this debate. About a month ago we had a debate, and, you know what, the ad-ministration argued that bombs are not war, that refueling planes that bomb people is not war, that we are not involved with hostilities in Yemen be-cause we don’t have troops marching on the ground with muskets. I think it is an absurd notion that you can be re-fueling bombing planes, supplying the bombs, and, as bombs are raining down on people and civilians are killed and the ones who survive pick up a scrap of the bomb that says ‘‘Made in U.S.,’’ tell them we are not involved with the war in Yemen. Madison, among the Founding Fa-thers, was quite clear in saying that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.012 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7024 November 15, 2018 
the executive branch is the branch most prone to war; therefore, we have, with studied care, vested the power to declare war in Congress. We haven’t obeyed that constitutional maxim for a long time. For a long time we have ba-sically abdicated our role. Both par-ties, Republican and Democrats, have let Presidents, Republican and Demo-cratic, do what they will. This war started under the previous President, and this war continues under the current President. Yet Con-gress doesn’t have the spine, doesn’t have the will to stand up and say: It is our job to declare war. It is our job to represent the people, to listen to the people, and decide whether we should be at war. The Constitution in article I, section 8 says ‘‘Congress shall declare war.’’ It is unequivocal. Yet here we are, in-volved in yet another war. We are in-volved in a war in Yemen. We have been involved in a war in Syria. We have also been involved in a war in Libya. We have also now been at war with people in Afghanistan, who had nothing to do with 9/11, 18 years later. These wars go on and on because Con-gress—and specifically the Senate— doesn’t do their job. We have heard people on television yelling ‘‘do your job, do your job’’ at their legislators. That is fine, but let’s debate what our job is. The Constitu-tion is very clear that one of our jobs is to declare war, and we have abdi-cated that responsibility and have not lived up to it. I would like to have a direct vote on whether we should be involved in Yemen, a direct vote on whether we ei-ther declare war or we don’t, but that is forbidden because I am in the minor-ity—not in the minority party but in the minority ideologically. The vast majority of this body doesn’t care about directing foreign policy; they say that the President has unitary author-ity, and the Commander in Chief can do whatever he or she wants. That is what the vast majority of these people believe. So they will vote against this because they do not believe Congress really should tell the President when we go to war. I would like to vote directly that we should not be at war in Yemen; we should not be involved with supplying, refueling, supplying bombs to the Saudis, the Bahrainis and their coali-tion. I am forbidden from that vote, but because of a 1976 law called the Arms Export Control Act, I am able to object to arms sales. We have done this twice in the last year. We objected in a bipartisan way to the sale of arms to Saudi Arabia be-cause we thought their war was unjust, indiscriminate, killing civilians, and not in America’s best interests. The first time we had the vote, we got a lit-tle over 20 votes to say that we should not be continuing to sell arms to the Saudis while they continue this abomi-nation—20 something votes out of 100. We lost overwhelmingly. We had an-other vote about 2 or 3 months ago, and we got 47 votes. Now we have the kill-ing and dismemberment of a journalist and dissident by the name of Jamal Khashoggi—something so brazen, so bi-zarre, so uncivilized that people are now coming together. In the last few weeks we have quit re-fueling planes, yet the bombs continue to drop. We are still supplying the bombs. Things are beginning to change. There is a movement among the public to hold their representatives account-able and say: Why are we at war in Yemen? Why don’t you vote on whether we should be at war in Yemen? Why do you abdicate your responsibility to the President? It is harder for someone like me be-cause the President is of my party and I agree with him on many different issues. But where is the other side? The other side should be rising up and say-ing: This is a usurpation of power. The President is taking upon himself power that is not his. We should be rising up unanimously in saying: Enough is enough; we are taking back this power. People talk about this all the time. People pretend to be believers in con-gressional checks and balances. There are always groups out there for checks and balances. This is a check and a bal-ance. This is a time in which the Sen-ate can tell the President what to do. But watch the votes. Many of the peo-ple you see on TV say: We should stand up, and the President this and the President that. On this issue, which is an honest issue of disagreement with the President, stand up and restrict his power. Stand up and tell the President that the Constitution says that war shall be declared by Congress. But watch the votes here. We will not get a direct vote on the war, though; we will get an indirect vote. We will not even get to vote today on Saudi arms; they are afraid to bring up Saudi arms because they think we might win. But we will vote on one of the coalition partners. The Bahrainis are part of a nine-country coalition fighting this war. They have had casualties, they have dropped bombs, and they have been on the ground in Yemen. They are part of the fighting coalition. So the resolution today will be spe-cifically about not selling one set of arms sales to Bahrain. The other side will look for all kinds of excuses to say: No, oh, my goodness, Bahrain has been a great ally. I am not disputing that. What I am disputing is that they are getting the message that we are unhappy. We supply them with all of their arms, all right. We get to host our Navy there, great. I am not asking that we end our alliance. I am not ask-ing that we sanction them. I am only saying to stop one sale of arms to send a message that we are done with the war in Yemen, that we are no longer going to sell weapons to countries that are fighting this war in Yemen, and that the war must come to a close. Some will argue: Well, it is already kind of winding down; we are no longer refueling their planes. Yet, since Sec-retary Pompeo said about 3 weeks ago that the Saudi coalition should quit bombing civilian centers, the Saudis have dropped 200 bombs on Hodeida. Hodeida is a city where most of the hu-manitarian effort and food comes in. Yemen depends—80 percent of its food must be imported. It comes through this one port, for the most part. The Saudis—since we admonished them, since Secretary Pompeo said that they need to cease and desist from bombing civilian centers—have dropped 200 more bombs on the city of Hodeida, where humanitarian aid comes in. It must stop. Someone must take a stand and say: Enough is enough; we are against the humani-tarian disaster in Yemen. They will argue: Well, then vote on that. I can’t have a direct vote on that. They will not let me vote on whether we should be at war in Yemen. I am al-lowed to vote only on this one small thing. This is a proxy vote. This is a vote that represents whether we should be at war in Yemen. It is an incredibly important vote. It is an attempt to grab back power from the Presidency. It is an attempt to have a check and balance on all Presidents of all parties of all beliefs. I don’t think we should ever sell one arm—one musket, one shotgun—to cre-ate a job. Our arms industry is for our national defense. It is a unique indus-try that is not an entirely private en-terprise industry. The arms manufac-turer, the military industrial complex is supported overwhelmingly by tax dollars. I am not for anybody being able to buy an F–16. I am not for sell-ing F–16s to Russia or to China, but I am also not for selling any more to Saudi Arabia. I am not for fixing their planes. I am not for giving them re-placement parts. Their air force would be shut down in a matter of months if we stopped funding them. People say: That is too dramatic. You are doing things—they have been such a great ally. We had a Senator yesterday rise at our lunch, and he said: Well, we know he is not a demo-crat. We know he doesn’t believe in representative government. We know he is a thug. Of course they execute and crucify people—crucify people—in Saudi Arabia. It is the best we can do, and we need him vis-a-vis Iran. What will happen? Iran will take over the world if we don’t combat them in every little misbegotten civil war in the Mid-dle East. Here is the point, and this is the point which we should debate and which nobody debates: Who is more evil—the Revolutionary Guard and the Ayatollah of Iran or the Saudi Arabia Kingdom? If you look at it objectively, Saudi Arabia has spent over $100 billion teaching hatred of Christians, Hindus, and Jews around the world. They have opened tens of thousands of madrassas. The Haqqani network that has actually killed our soldiers in Afghanistan is supplied with money from the Saudis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.014 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7025 November 15, 2018 
The Taliban has gotten money from the Saudis. There was a report that a Saudi royal dropped off a check for $267 million to the Taliban at one point. So we are fighting these people, and we are arming these people. We should not be arming the enemy. It is not just one side; the other side has admitted this as well. It is not just Republicans saying this; in a cable that was leaked, Hillary Clinton said that Saudi Arabia was the ‘‘most significant source of funding to Sunni terrorist groups worldwide.’’ What is it like to live in Saudi Ara-bia? We might ask Baqir al-Nimr. He was arrested at 17 at a protest. He is still in jail and is scheduled to be exe-cuted. They have a real ‘‘gloriful’’ way of executing you in Saudi Arabia: They chop your head off, and then they cru-cify you. So his head will be chopped off, and then his body will be displayed in a crucifixion post. That is what they will do to him. He was 17 when he was arrested. They have beheaded minors in Saudi Arabia. Oh, but we buy their oil, and we are such good friends with their sheikhs and their Kings. In Saudi Arabia right now, there are 3,000 people in prison who have not got-ten a trial. There are nearly 1,000 peo-ple who have been in prison for 3 years without a trial—3 years without a trial, 1,000 people, and yet we continue to say: Oh, yes, but they oppose Iran. Who is worse—Iran or Saudi Arabia? Maybe neither one of them is good. Do you want to send your son or daughter to fight for the Iranian Revolutionary Guard? No. Do you want to send your son or daughter to fight for the Saudi Kings who crucify people? No. Maybe we don’t always have to pick sides. Maybe there is a time that comes when the thousand-year-old war between Sunni and Shia—let them fight it. Is there a reason we always have to send our sons and daughters to the Middle East? People used to say we have to do it for oil, which was offensive to me. We are doing it for oil and oil profits? We are now independent of their oil. We export oil. We do not need Saudi Ara-bia. People say: We have to have them, or Iran will take over the world. Saudi Arabia and their coalition partners spend eight times more on military than Iran does. What happens every time we send a dollar to Saudi Arabia? Iran then asks Russia for stuff. So it is an arms race that is fueled by both of the larger outside powers with their proxies, and everything is a proxy war. But if you fool yourself into thinking that Saudi Arabia is the good guy and Iran is the bad guy, you have to ask yourself about the $2 billion that Saudi Arabia is spending in India—$2 billion over a 2-year period—teaching hatred of Hindus, hatred of Jews, hatred of Christianity, teaching that violent jihad is OK. Hundreds of millions of dollars, bil-lions of dollars are spent by the Saudis, and people say: We can make a buck, and we can create a job. I, for one, would not try to create one job by sell-ing arms to people who are our enemy. I don’t care about jobs if we are going to have to sell arms to our enemies. The arms belong to the American peo-ple, and the arms should be seen as a national security asset. We don’t sell arms to Russia, we don’t sell arms to China, and we shouldn’t sell arms to the Saudis who teach hatred of Christi-anity. There are Saudi cities you can’t even go to. Christians can’t go to Mecca or Medina. You can’t carry a Bible in Saudi Arabia. If you try to visit Saudi Arabia and bring a Bible in, you will be rejected at the border. This is not what we are for. Even those who have advocated for the war are now admitting there is no military solution. Recently, Secretary Pompeo said: No military solution in Yemen; let’s cease the bombing. Gen-eral Mattis has said the same thing— no military solution. But they are not getting the signal. We are telling them there is no military solution, we are telling them to quit bombing civilian areas, and they are still bombing the areas. Since Secretary Pompeo told them a few weeks ago to quit bombing civilian areas, they dropped 200 bombs on Hodeidah. The Saudis aren’t getting the message. The Bahrainis are part of the coali-tion. Send them a message. I am not saying we sanction Bahrain. I am not saying we kick them out as an ally. I am not saying we end our relationship with the Bahrainis. I am saying don’t sell them arms one time. Do you think they will get the message? See, that is a message of strength. A lot of people around here talk about, we must have peace through strength, and we need to have a strong military. Well, do you know what? We need to have a strong foreign policy that says that we are not going to be pushed around by a bunch of two-bit dictators in the Mid-dle East, that we are not going to be led astray and reject all of our values by sending arms into a war where civil-ians are being killed by the thousands. Seventeen million people in Yemen live on the edge of starvation. The city that a lot of the humanitarian aid comes in through, Hodeidah, is blockaded by the Saudis. I think that when we make decisions on foreign policy, they first should be made here. The Constitution intended that we declare war and that, really, foreign policy come from the people through the Congress, both House and Senate. If we were to have that debate, we would ask the question: Is our in-volvement in the war in Yemen in our national security interests? Is our na-tional security enhanced by being at war in Yemen? I think the answer is unequivocally no. To those who say ‘‘Well, we must combat Iran,’’ Iran is being combatted by Saudi Arabia, but Iran is not a threat to come across the ocean to see us. Guess who has come across the ocean. Do you remember 9/11? Do you remember who the hijackers were? Fif-teen of nineteen of them were from Saudi Arabia. Do you remember the 28 pages of the ‘‘9/11 Report’’ that they wouldn’t let the American public read for years and years and years, for over a decade? You can now read those, and the implication is that Saudi Arabia was involved in 9/11, perhaps in the fi-nancing, perhaps in the planning. We actually voted overwhelmingly to allow American people’s—descendants of those who died on 9/11 to actually sue Saudi Arabia over this because of the implication that, yes, the 28 pages show that they were involved. So what we should be debating here is, is there a national security risk, or is there a national security enhance-ment? Is it better for our country? Is it good for America to be involved in the war in Yemen, or does it actually en-hance the risks that we will be in-volved in further war and further drawn into the Middle East? If you look at the history of our in-volvement in the Middle East—and President Trump gets this very well. One of the things he says over and over again is that the Iraq war was a mis-take, that it was a geopolitical blunder of immeasurable proportions. Why? It is the same thing that has happened over and over in the Middle East: We go in and we topple a strongman. The strongman has a horrible human rights record, and we say we are bringing freedom and democracy. Do you know what we get? We topple the strongman, and we get chaos. Even decades later, in Afghanistan decades later, we still have chaos. You have chaos in Iraq, you now have chaos in Syria, you have chaos in Yemen, you have chaos in Libya, but it is not made better by our intervention, it is actu-ally made worse. Out of the chaos comes more terrorism. Terrorism loves chaos. It is sort of like, nature abhors a vacuum; well, terrorism loves a vacu-um. Terrorism grows and thrives and becomes more organized when they have a vacuum. My fear in Yemen is that, as the war goes on, as both sides destroy each other in a war that has no real end, then maybe al-Qaida of Yemen will come back and al-Qaida of Yemen will become a dominant player. Where did ISIS come from? People said ISIS was from Iraq. ISIS grew in Syria, from Raqqa. They started there and moved into Iraq because even after 15 years, the Iraqis were feckless to stop them, but they grew in the chaos of Syria. Who did we supply, in Syria, with weapons? There was another post from Hillary Clinton to Podesta saying: We have to do something about Saudi Ara-bia and Qatar because they are indis-criminately supplying arms to al-Qaida and ISIS in Syria. So because we always think we have to be involved—there can never be a time when we are not fighting on one side or the other—we get involved in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.016 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7026 November 15, 2018 
the lesser of the two evils, and so often, the lesser of the two evils is—guess what—still evil. So what has happened is we are drug into everybody’s war— war on end in the Middle East—with-out resolution. They have been killing each other for a thousand years, and we think somehow siding with the Sunnis against the Shia is going to bring this war to a conclusion. The thing is, I think it has been a mistake, and I think it has been coun-terproductive. I think the war in Yemen is counterproductive. I think our involvement there is leading to more chaos. I think the Senate has ab-dicated their duty and their role. Under article I, section 8, the Senate is allowed to and should be deciding when we go to war. People talk about checks and bal-ances, and we should be involved. Somehow we should check the Presi-dent, who is assuming too much au-thority. This is your chance today. This is the check-and-balance. This is your proxy vote on the war in Yemen. There will be no direct one because they won’t allow it. This will be a proxy vote because it will be about weapons to Bahrain because we are not being allowed a direct vote on the war in Yemen. We should be. It should be one of the most important things we do in the Senate, and that is to direct for-eign policy, to decide when we go to war. It is probably the most important thing we do under the Constitution, and we have abdicated it for decade after decade. I think the American people’s frus-tration with Saudi Arabia is growing. I think the American people want a loud message sent. If you send any other message—some are proposing sanctions on killers. Well, they are in jail, and in all likelihood, they are going to be exe-cuted. So we are going to sanction a bunch of people who are in jail and are going to be executed? The Saudis will laugh at that. That is weakness. Even in the last 3 weeks since Sec-retary Pompeo said ‘‘You need to quit; you need to cease and desist from bombing civilian areas,’’ the Saudis have dropped 200 bombs on civilian areas in Hodeidah. They are not get-ting the message. If we want to send them a message and send them a mes-sage loud and clear, we need to tell them no more arms. The next time they post a weapons sale to Saudi Ara-bia, we will do the same thing. But this is about the entire coalition of nine countries that are involved in this. Today, it will be about Bahrain, but today is really about Yemen. It is about the question I began this with. My call today is to end the U.S. in-volvement in the war in Yemen. We should have debated this in advance. We should have debated this before we got involved in the war in Yemen. Yet there is this creeping mission that hap-pens all the time: The wars begin with the executive branch, they creep and grow larger and larger, and we abdicate our duty and role to vote on these things. Today is an opportunity to say: Enough is enough. The war in Yemen should end. It won’t be the direct message I would like to send to Saudi Arabia, but it will be an indirect message. If this resolution were to pass, yes, it would be a loud and clear message that we are serious. But what will happen—and watch closely—is that many Members will say: Oh, Bahrain is our ally. We can’t do this to our ally. I am not talking about ending our re-lationship with Bahrain. I am not talk-ing about never selling arms to them. I am talking about one time, today, don’t send them arms. What is the drama about? That, to me, is a very modest step—one time, do not sell our arms. They can be sold in 6 months. Quit bombing Yemen, pull out of the coalition, stop the fight, and we will talk about arms sales. One time, we should stand up and should send a message from the Senate to the President that we are in charge. Under Article I, Section 8, a declara-tion of war comes from Congress. We have abdicated that role for too long. My hope is that today there will be enough of us to send a message, and the message should be loud and clear: The United States should end its in-volvement in the war in Yemen. I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The Senator from New Jer-sey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 5 minutes with the chairman as well, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, split between us. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Madam President, reserv-ing the right to object. We had an agreement to have an hour’s worth of debate, where the opponents of the bill were given 30 minutes and the pro-ponents of the bill were given 30 min-utes, and the unanimous consent al-lowed me the remaining 30 minutes. The time period has expired. I think we ought to go by some rules and struc-ture around here. Those who are against the bill should come in the al-lotted time. The time was used by all kinds of other people talking about things not related to the debate. It does a disservice to the debate that we did that. Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, if I may, through the Chair, say to the Senator, No. 1, there was nobody on the floor when the Senator made a motion to ultimately reserve all the time in opposition to the end. Had I been on the floor, had I known such a motion was going to be made, I would have ob-jected to that. There was a certain lack of courtesy in that regard. I say to the Senator, an opposition now will be remembered as an opposi-tion in the future when the Senator is seeking an opportunity. All we are ask-ing for is 5 minutes. If the Senator needs more time to make a final com-ment—— Mr. PAUL. I think a fair response is that we will grant an additional 5 min-utes to opponents of the bill, and if you allow me to conclude in 5 minutes, I am fine with that. I will respond to the objection to in-clude what I have stated. If that is ac-ceptable, I remove my objection to the modified motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Senator from New Jersey so modify his request? Mr. MENENDEZ. I do. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. I rise in opposition to the resolution. As we evaluate the resolution, we have to consider the characteristics of a specific military system and the context in which it will be used, as well as how we utilize arms sales as a foreign policy tool. I have much in common with Senator PAULon the question of Yemen. I have moved in his direction. The Saudis had their opportunity. I am promoting leg-islation, with several of our colleagues, on a bipartisan basis, to deal with ex-actly that. If I am the one holding up arms sales to Saudi Arabia, as we speak, as the ranking member on the Foreign Relations Committee, that is why it has not come to the floor be-cause I am not letting it go through unless the administration breaks through a hold at the end of the day, which would violate all of the existing processes we have. This vote is not Yemen. It is not Saudi Arabia. It is not the United Arab Emirates. It is Bahrain. Bahrain is a critical ally to us. It hosts the U.S. Navy’s Fifth Fleet, providing a vital naval base from which the United States protects its national security interests in the gulf and throughout the region, and its willingness to host our naval forces also places Bahrain at greater risk from attack from Iran and terrorist groups seeking to do harm to the United States. It is also a security partner as it comes to piracy, al-Qaida, ISIS, and Iran. It hosted an Israeli UNESCO delegation in late June. I have great disagreement with the Bahranians as it relates to their human rights record. It is abhorrent. We are going to continue to fight on that issue with them. At the end of the day, halting the sale of weapons in-tended to defend Bahrain’s security is not the solution in this particular case. I will close and yield the balance of time to the chairman. Arms sales to foreign countries provide the United States and this body with important influence and leverage on those coun-tries’ views and activities on foreign policy. Sometimes, if used smartly, they can shift a country’s actions in a positive direction. As I said, I am currently opposing an important arms sale to Saudi Arabia due to my concern the Saudis are using these weapons in a specific context in-appropriately. Civilian casualties are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.017 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7027 November 15, 2018 
on the rise, and the weapons sale is not part of a comprehensive strategy to end the Civil War in Yemen. I urge us, on this particular occasion, to oppose this particular resolution, and I prob-ably will stand with the Senator when the moment comes as it relates to de-nying the Saudis arms sales, particu-larly in the midst of what they are doing in Yemen. With that, I yield to the distin-guished Senator of Foreign Relations. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Madam President, I want to thank the ranking member for his comments, his friendship, and wel-come him back. I look forward to his leadership on foreign policy issues for many years. I share his views. I have concerns about the trajectory that Saudi Arabia is on right now. I have concerns about the war in Yemen. We have had hear-ings. We have people on our committee who are trying to take steps to deal with the war in Yemen. Obviously, we are very upset with what has happened with the journalist. I think a price needs to be paid. The administration today sent out notice that they were sanctioning 17 individ-uals who were involved. Hopefully, ad-ditional steps will be made. I asked for a high-level briefing with Mattis, Pompeo, and Gina Haspel to come in as soon as we get back, to share with us what is happening with Saudi Arabia on both fronts, both Yemen and what is happening as it re-lates to the journalist who was assas-sinated, in my opinion, at the direction of the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia. I have a lot of concerns. I think when you have concerns, though, you address those concerns to the people you have concerns with. Bahrain is not one of those. Bahrain certainly has had some issues with human rights, and we have dealt with those. It is a city state in the Persian Gulf where we have 7,800 men and women in uniform who are protecting our interests there, who are a buffer against Iran. For us to block sales, offensive sales, to the country of Bahrain that is hous-ing one of our most important naval bases over something that has nothing to do with them but has something to do with another country is not a prag-matic nor a sensible step. I hope we will oppose this. I think we will. I understand the frustrations of the Senator from Kentucky. I do. He shared those many times in the For-eign Relations Committee. I do under-stand those, but it seems to me that taking something out on a country that is unrelated to what is happening is a very inappropriate and not a ma-ture step for the U.S. Senate to take, and hopefully we will defeat this. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Let’s be very clear. Bah-rain does have something to do with the war in Yemen. They are part of a nine-country coalition. They have lost soldiers in Bahrain. They have flown bombing missions. Bahrain is an inti-mate part of the coalition fighting the war. You might ask yourself, is it enough to do nothing? We are going to put sanctions on people who are in jail. Do you think they care? They are prob-ably going to be beheaded. Sanctions is a way of pretending to do something and doing nothing. The arms sales—I am not saying we never sell arms to Bahrain. I am saying one time we don’t. That might get them the mes-sage. People say we don’t like the human rights record of Bahrain, it is abomi-nable, but do you think they will react to weakness: Please don’t hurt your people, please don’t commit atrocities on the majority Shia population? No, we will sell them arms one time, and they will sit up and say let’s have a talk. People respect strength. We don’t show strength unless we do some-thing that is more dramatic than put-ting sanctions on people who are al-ready in prison. This is about Saudi Arabia, but it is also about the coali-tion of nine countries of which Bahrain is. If you think meek words will stop the Saudis, listen to this. Three weeks ago, Pompeo said they should cease all bombing of civilian centers. How many bombs have dropped on Hudaydah since he asked them to cease? Two hundred bombs have dropped on Hudaydah—the port where humanitarian aid needs to come in for a starving population— since we told them not to. We said we are not going to refuel their planes anymore. We are not refueling their planes. They are refueling their planes with our planes. Everything they fly is our plane. Their pilots are trained by us. Their mechanics are trained by us. We need to be stronger. It is a sense of weakness. It is a display of weakness not to at least block one arms sales. This is a modest proposal, and it is the least we can do. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Madam President, I move to table the motion to discharge S.J. Res. 65 and ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
EL-
SON) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 77, nays 21, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 243 Leg.] YEAS—77 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Kyl Lankford Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Murkowski Murphy Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—21 
Baldwin Booker Cantwell Casey Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hirono Leahy Lee Markey Merkley Moran Murray Paul Peters Sanders Van Hollen Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Coons Nelson 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Michelle Bow-man, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2006. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Texas. 
IMMIGRATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I want-ed to come back to the floor after speaking a little earlier this morning about the so-called caravan of mi-grants coming from Central America up through Mexico and who are now lo-cated in Tijuana, many of whom will be seeking asylum here in the United States. Coming from Texas with a 1,200-mile common border with Mexico, caravans are not unheard of; in fact, we have many caravans showing up on a daily basis at Border Patrol stations, including unaccompanied children and families. What has happened is that the car-tels—these transnational criminal or-ganizations—have figured out, as part of their business model, that they can make money by shipping migrants up through Mexico into the United States or they can ship drugs from Mexico into the United States or traffic in children and women for sex slavery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.018 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7028 November 15, 2018 
They have figured out that they can make money because of the gaps in our border security, because of the charac-teristics of our law that make it impos-sible for us to deter many of the immi-grants coming from Central America. I know that during the recent mid-term elections, there was some thought that President Trump or others were just sort of making this issue up in order to energize voters leading up to the midterm elections. Well, I will not comment on the politics of this; I will just say that this is a phenomenon that has been occurring on a daily basis in the recent past. It is because of a glitch in our laws that our Democratic col-leagues are well aware of, and that we have tried to fix, but they simply will not cooperate with us in order to fix it. Basically, what we would do is treat somebody who enters the United States from noncontiguous countries the same way we would if they came into our country illegally from Mexico. That is the long and short of it. But they will not have any part of it because they feel as though this advantages them politically because by enforcing our laws, by securing our borders, they be-lieve that somehow that could be por-trayed as anti-immigrant, which is de-monstrably false. About 40 percent of my constituents in Texas are of Hispanic origin, many of whom live along that international border. They understand that the car-tels that traffic in people and drugs and contraband are criminal organiza-tions that threaten their security and safety. So I feel very strongly about this issue, and I think somebody needs to speak up and state the facts. These caravans are bringing thou-sands of migrants coming from Central American countries, mostly women and children. But you can imagine, if one caravan of several thousand people is successful in breaching our border and entering the United States without regard to our immigration laws, what that will do to encourage further ef-forts. So this is not a one-off; this isn’t just something that is going to happen one time. This will get worse and worse and worse. If you went down to some of these Central American countries and asked them who would like to immi-grate to the United States, you are going to see not just hundreds and thousands, but hundreds of thousands, and perhaps millions, of people who would like to come to the United States. We have to have an orderly way to deal with immigration. Somebody asked in this last midterm election: What is your position on im-migration? I said: It is really simple. Legal im-migration is good; illegal immigration is bad. So we know that this current cara-van is not made up entirely of asylum seekers or people trying to flee poverty and violence in their home countries. It is made up of migrants from other parts of the world who travel to Cen-tral America so that they can take ad-vantage of that porous border and the pathway to the United States. They come from countries all around the world, including special interest aliens from countries that, unfortunately, are plagued by terrorism. I am not saying we have a bunch of terrorists in this pack; I am just saying it is a vulnera-bility that could be exploited by any-body who wants to take advantage of these gaps in our law and our lack of security. It also includes people who have been arrested in the United States and de-ported back to their home countries, who are reentering the United States in violation of our immigration laws. They have already committed criminal acts, and they are coming back in, dis-guised, among the larger caravan of Central American immigrants. One thing the Border Patrol has also made clear is that because the Border Patrol has to deal with this mass of hu-manity coming up across the border while somehow treating them in a hu-mane fashion, which we all would want them to do, the cartels realize the Bor-der Patrol is all balled up trying to process this caravan of Central Amer-ican immigrants, so that opens up ave-nues by which to import illegal drugs into the United States, another money-making proposition for the cartels. Ninety percent of the heroin—an opioid—90 percent of the heroin that comes into the United States comes from Mexico. Somebody said to me recently: Well, the cartels are commodity agnostic. I thought that was a pretty good way of expressing it. In other words, they are into anything that will make them money. No matter how debased, no matter how cruel, no matter how inhu-mane, they are willing to do anything to make money. By not dealing with this issue in a re-sponsible fashion on a nonpartisan basis, we are making the cartels rich. More people have died in Mexico since 2007 than have died in the wars in Af-ghanistan and in Iraq combined. In-coming President Lopez Obrador has said that he wants to deal with the vio-lence in Mexico as part of his new ad-ministration. Frankly, I think we need to help him, but we need to recognize the reality. This is not benign activity; this isn’t a mom-and-pop operation where people who want jobs are coming into the United States. This is a big business. The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this month that two gangs, MS– 13 and Barrio 18 now rule over most of El Salvador, terrorizing that country’s population. These gangs and the car-tels that support them throughout Central America take advantage of a very simple economic principle: supply and demand. So as long as there is de-mand in the United States for heroin and other illegal drugs, as long as there is a demand for low-wage labor, these gangs will fill that supply. As long as there is a demand for sex slavery, these gangs and these cartels will meet that supply. So this makes our relationship with our friends in Mexico very, very impor-tant. Our two governments need to work more closely together because U.S. and American interests are inter-related and aligned. This is not just an illegal immigration or drug smuggling problem; it is all of them combined. It is a question of whether the Govern-ment of Mexico can actually control or defeat the cartels that threaten the safety and stability of their people in that country and have this business model that I mentioned. So our partnership with Mexico— under the administration of President Lopez Obrador, who will be sworn in on December 1; I hope to be there at that inauguration—must continue to grow and evolve because the gangs, the car-tels that hurt and kill people in Mexico and then threaten our security and safety here in the United States are going to also evolve and adapt to make sure they can maintain their domi-nance in the region. That is why pro-grams like the Merida Initiative are vital to our collective success in com-bating this multiheaded monster. It is clear we should take into ac-count how to combat the flow of illicit drugs into the United States and how we can help restore the relationship— our relationship—with those commu-nities and those countries and law en-forcement personnel in Central Amer-ica. This crisis extends far beyond how to treat the flood of migrants that come across the border. This is not a polit-ical issue alone, as some would have it. People act as though the President dreamed this issue up in order to gain advantage or energize his base during the recently passed midterm elections. In Texas, communities along our bor-der rely heavily on legitimate trade and travel across our ports of entry. It is really important. That is why NAFTA and the renegotiation of the U.S.-Mexico-Canada trade agreement was so important, and it is important to the entire country because 14 mil-lion jobs depend on trade with Mexico and Canada. You can imagine, if our ports of entry are clogged with caravan after caravan of tens, hundreds, thou-sands—maybe hundreds of thousands— of migrants from Central America seeking asylum in the United States, we are not going to have much legiti-mate trade and commerce across those ports of entry, and it is going to harm not only my State, but the United States as a whole. We can’t forget that our border com-munities are critically important, and any solution we find must somehow balance our normal compassion for people who are vulnerable and people who are seeking a better life with the rule of law and our ability to protect our own sovereignty by securing our borders and controlling illegal immi-gration into the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.021 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7029 November 15, 2018 
In the coming weeks, I hope we can work with the administration to deter-mine a course of action that addresses the real needs of legitimate asylum seekers without rewarding illegal ac-tivity and making the drug cartels even richer than they are now and en-couraging and condoning more and more violence, which harms people all across the region. We need to send a message that the United States alone cannot bear the burden of this mass migration, and we need to ensure that those who seek to enter the United States do so legally. We will work with our partners in Central America and Mexico to try to find solutions that will allow migrants to return safely to their home countries or find resettle-ment solutions in safe countries until the day I know they would hope for, when they could safely return home. I yield the floor. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I rise today in support of confirming Michelle Bowman to fill the commu-nity bank specialist seat on the Fed-eral Reserve Board of Governors. Miki is the perfect choice to be the first occupant of this seat on the Fed’s Board. She comes from a long line of community bankers. In 1882, Miki’s great-great-grand-father helped start her family-owned bank, Farmers and Drovers, in Council Grove, KS. She worked at Farmers and Drovers Bank from 2010 until January 2017, when she assumed her current position as the State Bank Commissioner of Kansas. Prior to moving back to Kansas in 2010, Miki worked in Washington, DC, for Kansas’ native son, Senator Bob Dole. Miki also has experience working in the executive branch. She was appointed by President Bush to positions at the Federal Emergency Management Agency and at the De-partment of Homeland Security. This diversity of experience will serve her well in her upcoming role with the Federal Reserve. While we have made progress in pro-viding regulatory relief to our Nation’s community banks, it is critical that we keep it up and build on that work. Community banks did not cause the financial crisis and should not be regu-lated as if they did. Miki understands where the pain points are for community banks and will be a strong advocate for common-sense, risk-based regulation. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of her nomination when she comes to the floor for a final vote this afternoon. Thank you. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise to speak on the nomination of Commis-sioner Michelle Bowman to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The Federal Reserve is charged with ensuring financial institutions are safe and sound, promoting financial sta-bility and carrying out U.S. monetary policy. Decisions made by the Federal Re-serve have a significant impact on the economy, businesses, and households across the Nation. Commissioner Bowman is highly qualified to fill the Federal Reserve Board role reserved for a person with community banking experience. Commissioner Bowman has served as the State Bank Commissioner of Kan-sas since February 2017. Prior to that, she worked as a vice president at Farmers and Drovers Bank, a Kansas-based community bank with $175 million in assets. She has also previously served in a number of government roles, including as a staffer in both the Senate and House, as well as in various roles at the Department of Homeland Security. Commissioner Bowman learned bank-ing from the frontlines to the back of-fice at Farmers and Drovers Bank, an institution with which her family first became involved in 1882. As a former community banker and bank regulator, she is intimately fa-miliar with the business of banking, its regulatory framework, and how regu-lators’ decisions impact banks and the communities in which they operate. She knows firsthand the unique rela-tionships that community banks foster with their local communities, often op-erating through relationship banking to provide access to credit, support em-ployment, and promote economic growth. In her nomination hearing, Commis-sioner Bowman noted, ‘‘I have wit-nessed firsthand how the regulatory environment created in the aftermath of the crisis has disadvantaged commu-nity banks.’’ ‘‘If confirmed, I will bring this per-spective to my work at the Board to ensure that rules preserve the resil-iency of the financial system, but are appropriately tailored to the size, com-plexity and risk of an institution.’’ I am encouraged by the attention she has paid to the need to appropriately tailor regulations and the potential consequences of not doing so. In May, the President signed into law S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regu-latory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. This bill tailors regulations for midsized and regional banks and pro-vides meaningful relief to community banks. Commissioner Bowman brings a unique expertise and perspective to the Federal Reserve as it continues imple-menting key provisions of the bill. The Federal Reserve also sets U.S. monetary policy. In her confirmation hearing, Com-missioner Bowman reassured the Bank-ing Committee that her decisions would be based on sound economic poli-cies. This is significant during a period of monetary policy normalization at the Fed. I am confident she will contribute positively toward the Federal Reserve fulfilling its mission. I will be voting in favor of Commis-sioner Bowman’s nomination today, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Bowman nomination? Mr. GARDNER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
UR-
PHY) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 64, nays 34, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 244 Ex.] YEAS—64 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—34 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Paul Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Murphy Nelson 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.022 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7030 November 15, 2018 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING EMILY FAY REESE Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I rise to honor a dear friend. Her name was Emily Fay Reese, who passed away on November 3 at the young age of 44 after 8 years of battling colon cancer. Emily was a source of strength and a beacon of light in the Reno commu-nity. She radiated love and kindness to every person she met, and her loss will be felt by every single person whose life she touched. She loved and adored her three chil-dren, Madeline, KJ, and Thomas, who are living legacies and testaments to the amazing person that Emily was. ‘‘Live life, love life, and impact oth-ers,’’ these are the words Emily lived by and wanted to share with the rest of the world. During her life, she em-bodied this simple message—giving life and love, doing all she could to make a difference in the lives of others. She did this first as a public school teacher, and after her cancer diagnosis she be-came a person on a mission to educate us all about the importance of acces-sible, affordable, and quality healthcare for everyone. Before her passing, Emily wished for her friends and family to honor her by voting. She recognized how consequen-tial elections were to building a better future for her children and her coun-try. Emily was proud that she was able to vote early and cast her ballot to make sure her voice was heard in Ne-vada. Even in the final days of her life, she continued to fight for all of us. Her advocacy was one way for her to impact others, and she fought to pro-tect the healthcare of Nevadans by using her diagnosis to openly talk about what it was like to live with a terminal diagnosis and the difference that the Affordable Care Act had made in extending and improving the quality of her life. She reminded us that the ACA meant that she could spend her time with her children instead of wor-rying about bills and bankruptcy. The last time I saw Emily was here, on Capitol Hill, just a few months ago. She was advocating on behalf of our fellow Nevadans who rely on Medicaid to get the care they need. She was here to oppose massive funding cuts to the program that she said was saving her life. She was here to speak out against a lawsuit that would take away protec-tions from Americans with preexisting conditions and to fight for people like her who didn’t have a voice. She was a ‘‘Battle Born’’ woman, and with grace, dignity, and courage, she bore her fight against cancer and for healthcare for every American. Emily was a fighter; she was a moth-er; and she was a friend. I will be for-ever grateful for the time she spent in giving voice to the voiceless and for her commitment to bettering the lives of those who, like her, need their healthcare protected. Today and every day, I honor Emily’s memory and continue to fight to pro-tect healthcare for every Nevadan so that those who are struggling with ill-ness can focus on their fights to get better, can spend time with their fami-lies, and live out their lives with dig-nity. Emily’s legacy lives on through every life she has touched, including mine. Emily’s legacy will continue to live on through each of us and through her beautiful family. I know she will continue to bless us with her profound light, which will guide us and give us strength through the good times and the bad. Knowing Emily was a blessing, and I thank her for her friendship. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I come to the floor, as I have many times in the last several years—and I know I am not alone in this—to talk about, unfortu-nately, yet another mass shooting. This one occurred in my home State— in Allegheny County, PA, in the south-western corner of our State, in the city of Pittsburgh, in a community known as Squirrel Hill. I come here to do a couple of things— to honor the victims of this mass shooting and the individuals who were injured, of course; to offer condolences to the grieving families again; to ex-press gratitude for the law enforcement and medical professionals who re-sponded to the scene; and, of course, to stand with the community in the face of hate and terror. On this occasion, this deadly mass shooting occurred in one community, but it also occurred in a house of wor-ship. It resulted in the deaths of 11 in-nocent Pennsylvanians. It left six peo-ple injured, including four law enforce-ment officers who were responding to the scene. It was a targeted, hateful at-tack on the Jewish community within the Squirrel Hill community in the city of Pittsburgh. It was an act of vio-lence that we must work to ensure never happens again. It was just a couple of weeks ago, long before election day, on Saturday, October 27, that three congregations— the Tree of Life, the Dor Hadash, and the New Light—were engaged in Shab-bat morning services at the Tree of Life Synagogue in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood, which is a residential part of the city of Pittsburgh. As these worshippers were engaged in services, what played out was the most deadly act of violence against the Jewish com-munity in American history. These congregants were targeted for one rea-son—because of their religious beliefs, because they happened to be Jewish. Their lives were changed forever by one hateful act of terror, as were the lives of those who were injured. So our deepest condolences are with the 11 families of the victims of this at-tack. Here are the names of the 11: Joyce Fienberg, Richard Gottfried, Rose Mallinger, Jerry Rabinowitz, Cecil Rosenthal and his brother David Rosenthal, Bernice and Sylvan Simon, Daniel Stein, Melvin Wax, and Irving Younger. May their memories be bless-ings to their families and community. It is difficult to even begin to ade-quately express the hurt that this com-munity has endured, the horror that these families have endured, and the hurt that is still part of this commu-nity. Maybe one of the best ways to convey not just our condolences and our sym-pathy but also our solidarity with those who faced that horror and that danger and that hate is to talk about what those folks did in that dark, dark hour. It literally was about an hour, maybe a little more than that, on that Saturday morning. We, of course, at this time—and so many have since that date—pay tribute to those in law enforcement who con-fronted the murderer with uncommon valor. We pay tribute, as well, to the emergency service professionals— nurses and doctors and others—who ministered to those who were wounded and tried their best to minister to those who were dying. All of these individuals—and it is im-possible to name all of them whether they are in law enforcement or are medical professionals or are emergency personnel—were, at that moment, as they always are, servants in the most profound meaning of the word. These were servants who came forward to help in that darkness. They came for-ward to save and to comfort. As the great hymn ‘‘The Servant Song’’ tells us, these were servants who were hold-ing the light for these individuals in the nighttime of their fear. That is what that song, ‘‘The Servant Song,’’ reminds us of. So, when a gunman with very power-ful weapons was shooting directly at individuals—targeting them—in a house of worship, where there was no protection at all for those who were victims and for those who were targets but who survived and had to wait what must have seemed like an eternity for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.024 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7031 November 15, 2018 
help because the gunman was in con-trol of that scene for a period of time, they were in that nighttime of their fear. Those servants came forward to bring some light to that darkness, to bring light to that nighttime of their fear. People all over the world have mar-veled at the strength, the resolve, and the love of the people of Pittsburgh—a community, as they have said so many times since, that is stronger than hate and, I would argue, that is stronger than ever. We are thinking about those families. We are thinking about those who gave so much in that hour of tragedy and horror and death and darkness. We also have to do more than that. Commenda-tion and sympathy and condolences and solidarity and being determined to try to prevent this from ever hap-pening again is all important, but we have to do more. We have to also act— maybe it is better to say ‘‘take ac-tion’’—to enact commonsense policies, laws, and other policies that will at least reduce the likelihood that these acts of violence will, in fact, continue to occur. This problem of mass shootings is a uniquely American problem that has to be solved by the American people, of course, through their elected rep-resentatives at every level of govern-ment but, maybe most especially, by those who are here in the U.S. Senate and in the other body, the House of Representatives, in working with the executive branch. I believe we have to take action. No single law and no se-ries of measures, even if they were to be enacted into law, will remove the possibility that these mass shootings and other examples of horrific gun vio-lence will suddenly vanish from the Earth and never happen again. Yet there are steps we can take that will, for sure, reduce the likelihood. The point I have made all along is that we have to take enough action, even a series of actions, that might prevent one fewer of these incidents in which kids are killed in school, as we saw 6 years ago in Newtown, CT, at Sandy Hook Elementary School, or one less example of people being gunned down in a nightclub or in another school in Florida or now in a syna-gogue in Pittsburgh. What do we need to do? We could start with measures that have broad-based support. Some of them are supported by 80 to 90 percent of the American people. We could re-quire universal background checks. I think that that is about a 90-to-10 issue, maybe. We could ban military- style assault weapons. There are mil-lions of them on our streets already. There are weapons of war on our streets and in our communities. We could also limit high-capacity maga-zines that allow hundreds of rounds to be fired in just a matter of seconds or minutes. We must keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people—suspected terrorists and individuals convicted of hate crimes, stalking, domestic vio-lence, and dating violence. These policies can’t prevent every act of violence or replace what has been lost at the Tree of Life Synagogue or in communities across the Nation, the most recent, of course, being in California, but we can take action. I don’t think it is in the best interest of the American people to surrender to this problem, to surrender to this uniquely American problem, and just throw up our hands and say that there is nothing we can do, as some might say, about mass shootings or that there is nothing we can do, some might argue, to prevent losing over 30,000 lives a year to gun violence. I think we can take action. I think we can do more. At a minimum, we have to try. All of the measures I have mentioned— you could add more, like plugging the loophole which says that if you are too dangerous to get on an airplane be-cause you happen to be a terrorist or we have a reasonable suspicion, a well- grounded suspicion, that you are a ter-rorist and you can’t get on an airplane, why would that same individual be al-lowed to have a weapon? It doesn’t make a lot of sense. We have some work to do, as legislators and as Amer-icans, to try to reduce the likelihood that these attacks will continue. None of the measures that I have outlined here today—and we could add more to the list—are in any way incon-sistent with the Second Amendment or in any way would undermine the right of a law-abiding American to purchase a firearm and to use a firearm for self- protection or for hunting or whatever else. We have to take action at long last. It has been too long. There have been too many tragedies, too many lives lost, and the response by Congress for years now—you could even say for even decades—has been to throw up their hands and say: There is nothing we can do. I don’t believe that about Amer-ica—that the most powerful Nation in the world can do nothing on this issue. We need to do more. We need to debate it on this floor again, but do something we haven’t done in a substantial way in at least 6 years, and that is to have votes on this floor that deal with this issue. We have to solve a lot of problems in the weeks that remain in this Congress and in the new Congress, but one of them is this: to begin to solve this problem from which only America has suffered. It is difficult, it is conten-tious, and it is certainly not a problem that has an easy solution, but to do nothing, which is basically what Con-gress has done for far too long, is not in the best interest of the American peo-ple. I would argue it is inconsistent with our values, and it is inconsistent with who we are. As we express condolences for those who have loved and lost—those fami-lies who have suffered either the loss of a loved one or are still suffering be-cause a loved one is injured, the law enforcement who were injured in this incident—and as we commend and sa-lute the good work of law enforcement, the good work of medical service pro-fessionals—those professionals who are on our streets every day, saving peo-ple—as we do all of that and offer those words of sympathy and condolences and commendation, let us also be de-termined as a people to begin to reduce the likelihood that we are going to be the only country in the world that con-tinually suffers and endures mass shooting after mass shooting, losing lives all throughout these many years and just in the last couple of months. I think that is a challenge, but, also, solving that problem is a mission wor-thy of a great country. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BUDGET REFORM Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, ear-lier this year, Congress created a bipar-tisan committee—eight Republicans, eight Democrats, half from the House, half from the Senate. Their mission was to reform the budget process. It was an acknowledgement that our debt is climbing, and there is no structure in place to even address that debt, and any time our debt is addressed, it seems to be somewhat haphazard or ac-cidental or some ad hoc committee is formed to go after debt every 10 years or so. This is spiraling, and we need to have something done, and it needs to be built into the structure. Starting in April, these 16 Members of Congress started to meet, with these instructions: ‘‘to significantly reform the budget and appropriations proc-ess’’—significantly reform the process. The idea was simple. We are getting a bad budget product; we probably need to look at the budget process and be able to find out what is happening with the process. You see, this process that we have was started in 1974. Right after Water-gate, Congress created this new process with a budget, with a President’s budg-et, with authorizing bills, with appro-priating bills, and they would all work together for great transparency. It was a great plan on paper, but since 1974, it has worked only four times—four times. Year after year, Americans keep say-ing the same thing: Why isn’t the budg-et working again? Why is everything climbing? And every year, Congress says the same thing: We will fix it next year, next year, next year, next year. At some point, we have to admit it is a bad process, and we are not going to get a better product out of it. We have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.026 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7032 November 15, 2018 
to fix that process, so we started meet-ing. Today, we had our first set of votes on how we are going to significantly reform the budget process. We started meeting at about 10:30 this morning, and after 15 amendments and debate, the hearing was suspended at lunch for a week because a few of the Members wanted to fly home early for Thanks-giving, so now we will have to finish that work next week. It signaled me again that we don’t seem to be serious in this body about dealing with debt and deficits, that even the groups se-lected to reform the process couldn’t finish debate without breaking early for Thanksgiving. So far, the only agreements to do sig-nificant reform—remember, that is the mandate; the only agreements that have been set so far have been to do budgets every 2 years rather than every year but still keep reconciliation and appropriations every year, change the membership of the Senate Budget Committee, and then to add a new, op-tional, bipartisan budget pathway in case some future Congress has light-ning strike and they want to be able to try it. Those are the only agreements we have had so far. I don’t know if that sounds like significant budget reform to you, but it doesn’t to me. That sounds like just shifting things around. For months we have researched the history of the budget process. We have identified different options that are out there. We have tried to figure out how we have gotten into this unworkable spot of budget deficits that we are in and how to fix it. For months we have worked on this. Then, as we got to this point, suddenly everyone started back-ing up to the status quo and saying: We will just try harder again. It will not work just to try harder. The process has to change. You see, we met with the leadership of the Congressional Budget Office and asked some very blunt questions about our debt and deficit that Americans in-herently know the answer to. They can just feel it. We asked for simple, straightforward numbers. The Congres-sional Budget Office reported back to us that if we want to get back to the historic levels of debt and deficit that we have had for the past 50 years, if we want to get just to that level, we will have to start cutting or taxing $630 bil-lion every year, starting in 2019, just to get back to the historic levels we have been at. If we want to stay just at this level of debt to GDP, just remain in this position that we are in right now of overwhelming debt, we will have to cut or tax an additional $400 billion every single year just to tread water. The reason for that is our interest rates are continuing to go up, and on $21 trillion in total debt right now, as our interest rates tick back up, we will soon be approaching $1 trillion in inter-est payments each year. That is more than all of our discretionary spending combined. People ask the question: Why is the debt increasing suddenly? They look at things like the tax bill and ask: Is that the tax bill? No, it is not the tax bill from last year. In fact, after the tax bill from last year and the tax changes that were made for this year, there is actually more revenue coming into the Federal Treasury this year, after the tax changes, than there were last year. Let me run that by you again. Every-one seems to want to blame the tax bill for the increasing debt and deficit. There is more revenue coming into the Treasury this year than last year, even after the tax cuts, because the tax cuts spurred economic activity. More people have jobs, more people are paying taxes, more people are making money, so they are paying additional taxes. So even with the cut, more revenue is coming in. It is not about the tax cut; it is about skyrocketing interest on a $21 trillion debt, and there is nothing we can do about that other than begin to address it seriously. It has been predictable. CBO has seen it for years, and it is here. The simple mandate of the Budget Reform Com-mittee was to bring out a significant reform in the process so that we can address this together, but so far this has been one of the most frustrating processes that I have had in my short time here in the Senate because most don’t want to solve it because the deci-sions will be hard. Let me lay out some of the options I think do fix this. What are some of the hard choices? The first thing I have heard over and over again in this budg-et reform process is that we need to get to a bipartisan process. I agree. Repub-licans and Democrats alike are going to have to look at the debt and deficit and say: We have to be able to work to-gether. There seem to be all of these different gimmicks for how we are going to try to work together when we are avoiding the one simple way. There is one simple way to make sure we do things in a bipartisan manner; it is called passing the law. Right now, the budget, as it is done every year, is not law. The Senate writes a budget, the House writes a budget, neither of them are actually passed as law. The President never signs them. The President creates a budget, the House creates a budget, the Senate creates a budget, and then everyone kind of de-bates for a year, and then we get to ap-propriations and fight over appropria-tions at the end of the year because those are actually law. Well, here is the simple solution. If you want to avoid government shut-downs, if you want to end all of the end-of-the-year fighting, if you want to make budgeting an actually bipartisan process, there is a simple solution: Make the budget the law. I know that may sound overly simplistic to people who are outside of this Senate body, and many people may think the budget is already a law, but it is not. It is not a law, because without a law, you can create partisan documents and debate it and hash it around for a full year and then go fight at the very end of the year before the government shutdown happens, when there is lots of pressure. The simple way to resolve this at the beginning is to make the fight about the budget at the beginning of the year—long before there is a discussion of government shutdowns. Make the budget itself a law. Push the House and the Senate and the White House to sit down early in the year—before May 31—resolve how we are going to spend, what we are going to do, what is the plan, what are we going to save, and then pass it as a law. When that hap-pens, then all of the work can happen after that. Then you do all of the ap-propriations bills. Then you talk about what you are going to save. Then you fight through all the details of it. But you have established the big deal that takes away the fight at the end and moves the fight to the beginning. But, for some reason, most everyone on this committee is fighting with the one simple, obvious answer: Make the budget a law instead of a partisan po-litical document every year. That has not worked. Let’s fight it out early. We are going to have budget fights. We have dis-agreements in this body. Fine, let’s have our disagreements, but let’s have them early rather than holding the en-tire country hostage at the end of the year right as we approach a govern-ment shutdown. Let’s lay out in the budget debt-to-GDP targets. Then we look at the gross domestic product— that is GDP. What do we produce in total as a country? What is the total amount of debt we can handle as a country? Let’s create a plan and then, throughout the course of the year, ac-tually execute that plan. That is what every family and what every business does. They look at the revenue that is coming in. If they have debt, such as their mortgage or cars, they plan and allot for that. We don’t. The budget is a political document, and then we make up spending as we go through the year without a significant plan. Let’s make the budget a law, create our debt-to-GDP targets in it, and then execute those throughout the course of the year. Most Americans have heard some-thing about appropriations bills. They have heard that on some news report or something. The 1921 Budget and Ac-counting Act requires that we do a cer-tain number of appropriations bills. Right now, 12 bills are required. It breaks up the major parts of govern-ment spending into 12 little spots. Basically, we have 12 different bills set aside for spending. We never have a single bill set aside for saving. Let me run that past my colleagues again. There is no plan for a bill that is set aside for savings. So one of the things I have recommended, in addition to making the budget a law to force ev-eryone to actually have the fight early rather than late, is to add a 13th bill, to do our 12 appropriations bills, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.028 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7033 November 15, 2018 
the 13th bill will be a bill that is set aside every session of Congress that is focused on what we are going to save, forcing Congress every session to have to stop and have the debate. How are we going to save money? What are we going to do? Each Congress can decide how much they want to save, but every Congress has to work a little bit on this. Currently, every time we fight debt— it may be once a decade that we have a big meeting on debt. We are never going to get ahold of $21 trillion trying to fight it once a decade; we are going to have to do it little by little by little and chip it away. This Congress, just like the last Con-gress, just like the one before, didn’t do significant work on debt reduction be-cause there was no deadline and the work is hard. If I know anything about this Congress from the short time I have been here, it is that it will not do anything until it has to. So if we cre-ated in law a requirement that every session of Congress, there has to be this what I call the 13th bill—this bill that is designed to say that Congress has to debate how much they are going to save and where they are going to save—it would at least force that mo-ment where we have to resolve things. There has been no dialogue so far on how we really reform the debt limit. The debt limit is only an American in-vention. It was designed to control our spending and control our debt, but I can assure you it has not worked since 78 times we have raised the debt limit. The debt limit has become a debt cliff and a big fight rather than something that actually controls our spending. If we would put in place something to actually cause Congress to have a vote on debt, I would be glad to deal with the debt limit—it is drama every time—and substitute it for something that is really going to reduce our debt burden. But that is not the discussion. The discussion in the committee is not about trying to actively reduce our debt or to put into a plan a way to re-duce our debt; it is just, what can we do to take out the debt ceiling vote en-tirely because it is tricky. That doesn’t help us. That is not significant reform, just removing something because it is tricky. Significant reform on our budg-et process is when we replace it with something that is effective. Every year, the President of the United States since 1921 has submitted something called the President’s budg-et. Millions of dollars are spent com-piling this big, giant document that no one reads. It becomes a big political document. Every single President has put one out every year since 1921, and not a single one of them has ever passed—not one—but lots of time and attention is spent on the ‘‘President’s budget’’. There is a simpler way to do this. Have the President turn over their pri-orities, turn over the agency issues that they see on spending. It is per-fectly acceptable for the President to do that. But don’t create this big pomp-and-circumstance, expensive process of having this giant President’s budget that really means nothing. How about shifting our budgeting and our whole process to the calendar year rather than the fiscal year? Many Americans don’t know that Congress runs from October 1 until September 30. Guess what. It is the middle of No-vember right now. Our appropriations are not done for this year. They are not done for last year. We have carried them over on something called a con-tinuing resolution—what we hear peo-ple refer to as a CR—just like was done the year before, just like was done the year before, and just like was done the year before. Congress actually functions on the calendar year, but we pretend to func-tion on a fiscal year. That just guaran-tees that every October, November, and December, we have budget chaos as we try to figure out how to run the sys-tem. How about this for a simple solu-tion: Why don’t we actually run it on a calendar year, because that is how we actually do it, including this year. That would mean we would actually plan and structure for that. That is sig-nificant budget reform. But currently the conversation in the budget reform committee is, no, we will try it again next year, and we will see if we can make September 30 work. It won’t, by the way, but no one wants to actually make the shift. There has been a lot of debate about something called reconciliation. Rec-onciliation is a process that is in-tensely broken. It was designed by the Budget Act to be something to really focus on debt and deficit, but it has be-come a fight with our Parliamentarian and with each other about how to stick in something that is not debt and def-icit related. Why don’t we simplify the language? Why don’t we clean up the reconcili-ation process? Why don’t we make it what it was designed to be and make sure it is clear so that reconciliation is used by every Congress to deal with debt and deficit? It is a doable task. We have laid out multiple different pro-posals for how to do that. So far, they have all been turned down. We have to figure out a way to get better numbers. If we can’t get better numbers, we are not going to get better results. We have to get real numbers from the Congressional Budget Office and from Joint Tax. We have to allow Joint Tax and other groups to do dy-namic scoring so we get a predictive way to look at the spending and the tax and see what happens. We have to have real consequences if Congress doesn’t do a budget. Ameri-cans know if Congress doesn’t do a budget, they just leave town and say: We didn’t get it done this year. How about this for a simple idea that would be effective even today, if we were doing it. There is a set deadline in stat-ute, in law, when the budget has to be completed, when the appropriations bills have to be completed, and when they have to be signed. If those mile-stones or deadlines are not hit, Con-gress cannot adjourn, cannot leave town. I don’t care if Thanksgiving is approaching—you set a deadline, and if it is not completed by that deadline, Congress has to be in session every day, including weekends, until it is done. That is a simple solution. If Congress is in session every single day, at some point, they will say: I want to go home and see my family, so we need to get this resolved. I would agree. There is not a pressure point better than forcing Congress to stay in town and stay in session until the work is done. We will see if that is actually added to the proposal, but so far, that is trending away from just saying to Congress in the future and now, no, we will try to get that done, but I am not sure we really will. If we want to end government shut-downs, then keep Congress in session. If we want to end long continuing reso-lutions, keep Congress in session until it is done. It is a pretty straight-forward process. It would benefit our economy. It would benefit this Con-gress. Even simple things—it is fascinating to me. There is an internal process called vote-arama. It is awful. If you are ever here in the Senate watching it or around it, it is terrible. It is around the budget process, and it is an endless debate/vote, but none of the votes actu-ally count. They are all messaging votes. They don’t actually do anything. But anyone can bring up anything at any time, and we go through this end-less series of messaging votes, trying to make each other look bad politi-cally. It is a terrible process. It is fixable. In fact, we brought up an amendment today in the process— one of those 15 amendments that were debated before people left early for Thanksgiving—we brought up an amendment today to fix the vote- arama, and it failed because folks on the other side wanted to have mes-saging votes just in case it came up. In the last vote-arama that hap-pened—an all-night, perpetual, mean-ingless vote series—the last vote in the vote-arama was a messaging vote: Should we end vote-aramas or not? It passed unanimously. Everyone in this Chamber says they hate it, but when there was a real option to get rid of it, they kept it because the status quo is easier than change. Significant budget reform was the mandate. That has not happened so far—not even small budget reform has happened so far. We will come back after Thanksgiving. We will have an-other series of amendments. We have an opportunity to get this right and to fix a very broken process. I will pray that over Thanksgiving, Members of this body and of the House determine that $21 trillion worth of debt needs significant reform, not just tweaks around the edges, and that when we come back after Thanksgiving, people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.029 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7034 November 15, 2018 
will actually approach this seriously instead of the flippant way it has been approached so far. We have to get this done. I commend us to get it done. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant bill clerk pro-ceeded to call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
IMMIGRATION Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, a few weeks ago, there was a lot of media at-tention on the caravan from Central America coming up through Mexico and making its way to the United States intending to declare asylum or to cross the border illegally. This is kind of interesting because people don’t realize that we have within our laws that if a person declares asylum, it has to be acted upon as a matter of routine. We have heard all about people declaring asylum. They get a court date, and then they are not showing up for court. We know that happens—it is really a no-brainer—but nonetheless it has been going on and on and on. In fact, the law prescribes that any-one coming to this country to seek asylum will be coming into the country through other countries, and they must first go to whatever country they go through before coming to the United States. In other words, someone com-ing from Central America, if they are coming through Mexico, should not go to the United States but to Mexico to seek asylum. Now, asylum is not very well-defined. Anyone can come in and say: My life is in danger, and therefore I need the op-portunity to come across the border into the United States. We all know what happens. Back in my real life, I spent some 20 years on the border. I was a builder-developer, and I know how the border works. I know the bor-der agents. I have spent time down there. They wonder why we don’t have a solution. Anyway, we are told that migrants are escaping violence and persecution, but once they get to this country and someone asks, they say, no, in reality, they are seeking the economic opportu-nities that we taxpayers are paying for in the United States or they maybe want to reunite with their families. I think anyone within earshot right now would want to do the same thing for their families. So this has been going on for a long time, and while this cara-van has rightfully garnered a lot of at-tention, it is really part of a much larger problem. In fiscal year 2018 alone, more than 396,000 people were caught illegally crossing our southern border by Cus-toms and Border Protection agents—an average of more than 7,500 a week. They come because they know our bor-der is porous and, if caught, they can always game our legal system and stay. They have been doing it now for years. While the problems are not new, the caravan brings a renewed spotlight to our vulnerabilities. We have to se-cure our borders, and we have to tackle the policies that encourage abuse of our immigration system. After decades of seeing our border breached over and over again, voters responded very actively to President Trump when he was pledging to address our immigration crisis by building a wall. Here is the thing: Walls work. We know they work. We are about the only one who doesn’t have walls. We are talking about walls that have been in discussion, proposed by this President and proposed by many of us in this body. DHS estimates a wall will deter 90 percent of illegal crossers. So walls do work. We know they work. Nearly 2,000 miles—the figure they have been using and I believe is pretty accurate— will take an estimated $25 billion to fully secure our southern border. I have heard my colleagues describe how we couldn’t pay for a wall and, after all, we don’t need to grow our def-icit or use tax dollars to pay for it. That is why I am introducing the Wall Act of 2018, to build the wall and secure our border. We have talked this over and determined this will work. It is very simple. It provides $25 billion—ac-tually, more than that—for a wall by eliminating Federal benefits going to illegal immigrants. We have a lot of liberals in both bod-ies of Congress who are going to say we can’t do that. Liberals are always great about giving things away, and I think of Margaret Thatcher when I think about this: Socialism is a wonderful thing, until we run out of other peo-ple’s money to give away. That is ex-actly what is happening right now. Under current law, noncitizens who are not allowed to work are able to re-ceive the earned-income tax credit—a refundable tax credit. They are eligible because applicants do not need to pro-vide work-authorized Social Security numbers. Very simply, prior to 2003, the Social Security Administration routinely issued Social Security num-bers to anyone needing a driver’s li-cense or a bank account. We have stopped that now, but those numbers still exist and allow for illegal immi-grants to obtain Social Security num-bers and receive this refundable tax credit and possibly other Federal bene-fits. More significantly, the bill we are in-troducing would require the tax filers themselves to provide a work-author-ized Social Security number to receive the refundable child tax credit. Now, under the law, filers only have to pro-vide a Social Security number for a de-pendent they are claiming to receive a tax credit and a refundable portion. That is under the current law. An ille-gal parent with legal dependents at the end of a tax year could get a child tax credit check for as much as $1,400 per child, and that check comes from Uncle Sam. By closing these loopholes, we can save billions of dollars a year. We can also save even more taxpayer dol-lars by ensuring the integrity of other Federal welfare programs like SNAP and TANF. By mandating that all States use the E-Verify system, we can add an additional layer of integrity to ensure the legal work-eligible status of benefit recipients. These are commonsense reforms. You have to ask the question, Why would we not do this? Only those legally in this country and eligible for work should be receiving Federal benefits that are intended to get people out of poverty and get them back to work. This is something that actually would work, and they are all common sense. It is one of the things that falls into the category of ‘‘why don’t we do it.’’ We have an opportunity to go ahead and do it now. Only those who are le-gally in this country and eligible for work should be receiving Federal bene-fits intended to get people out of pov-erty and into jobs. Finally, in this bill is actually an ad-ditional amount that is out there that we should be taking advantage of. This bill will increase the minimum penalty for every illegal border crossing. Over the past 5 years, there has been an av-erage of 500,000 illegal border crossings each year. By raising the minimum penalty on illegal border crossings, the Federal Government would raise rev-enue by as much as $15 billion over a 10-year period. All of this more than pays for a wall. Our President rightfully demanded a wall not be paid for with hard-working Americans’ tax dollars, and my bill ful-fills that commitment by not altering a single earned benefit for any Amer-ican citizen or lawful immigrant. I was having a news conference last week on this bill. Someone said: Well, the President has said Mexico should pay for it. In a way, this fulfills that commitment, too, because it is being paid for by benefits that would other-wise go to illegals who would not be getting the benefits. So it is the best of both worlds, and it is a solution to the problem. It is what American families deserve, but even more, it is what the hard-working, lawful men and women who are abiding by our immigration process deserve. So that is the bill we are going to be introducing and we will be hearing a lot about. One thing people say has not been resolved is, how do you come up with $25 billion for a wall? It is easy. It can be done. The figures match. It is the right thing to do for our lawful Americans. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.030 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7035 November 15, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NOMINATION OF MICHELLE BOWMAN Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this week this body began rubberstamping yet another Trump nominee who will help unravel Wall Street reform and who will give big banks free rein again. This White House increasingly looks like a retreat for Wall Street execu-tives. Michelle Bowman is about to become a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve. We should be aware that the only reason this slot is open is because of the obstruction of President Obama’s Federal Reserve nominees in the last Congress. Presi-dent Trump will have already nomi-nated six of the seven Board slots. There are other nominees we could be voting on who would enjoy more broad bipartisan support and have a direct impact on saving and creating Amer-ican jobs—people such as the four bi-partisan nominees to the Export-Im-port Bank, blocked by two or three Members of the Senate doing the bid-ding of the White House, costing us thousands. This is coming from business inter-ests, the Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers, the Wall Street Journal, and places like that. This is costing us thousands of good-paying manufacturing jobs be-cause of an ideological hangup on this side, because of complicity in the ma-jority leader’s office, and because somebody at the White House has a problem with the Export-Import Bank. Nobody can understand what it is. These nominees have strong bipar-tisan support. Instead of voting on that to create jobs immediately—imme-diately in my State, we are voting on someone who will make it easier for the Fed to roll back and water down more consumer protections. Ms. Bowman failed during a hearing to provide the committee any insight on her views on monetary policy, regu-lation, and financial instability—in other words, all of the issues that af-fect our economy that she will make decisions on. We have seen what is happening at the Fed. We have heard their plans for rolling back rule after rule after rule. Vice Chair Quarles came to our com-mittee. Last week he said the Fed will weaken stress tests and living wills for the largest banks. We see what is happening in other ways. The Fed put out its proposal to implement the bank giveaway bill en-acted earlier this year. It rolls back rules on banks with over $250 billion in assets. But do you know what else it does? Get this. The Fed announced plans to weaken rules for foreign megabanks. These are banks such as Santander, Deutsche Bank, and UBS. These are foreign banks. Think about ‘‘Make America great again.’’ These are foreign banks, big foreign banks— foreign banks that are huge into the hundreds of billions of dollars in assets internationally and a good size in this country. They have broken Federal law time and time and time again. What does the White House do? What does the majority leader do? He says it is OK to give these foreign banks a break, and then we have to be preached to about making America great? How does that make any sense that the President of the United States sends these nominees up here who come out of this swamp at the White House? These nominees, pure and simple, look like a retreat of Wall Street executives at the White House—excuse me, a re-treat of foreign bank CEOs at the White House. They come up here, and we weaken the rules that protect Americans. We side with foreign banks that have broken the law instead of siding with American consumers. Something is very, very wrong on that. I worry for our country. I worry for our economy. I know what happened. There may be collective amnesia on the Senate Banking Committee, but I remember what happened. The ZIP Code my wife and I live in had more foreclosures in 2007 than any ZIP Code in the United States of America. I see the residue from those fore-closures. I know people lost their homes. I know people lost their sav-ings. I know people lost their jobs. I see what those homes look like. I know they have high levels of lead-based paint. Does anybody at the Fed care about that? No, they want more de-regulation. They want to help the for-eign banks at the expense of people in my neighborhood. It is bad economics. It is morally outrageous. I suggest the absence of a quorum. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 544. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Stephen Alex-ander Vaden, of Tennessee, to be Gen-eral Counsel of the Department of Ag-riculture. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Ten-nessee, to be General Counsel of the Depart-ment of Agriculture. Mitch McConnell, Johnny Isakson, Mike Rounds, Thom Tillis, Mike Crapo, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Tim Scott, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Cory Gardner, Tom Cotton, Jerry Moran, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 939. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsyl-vania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce. Mitch McConnell, Johnny Isakson, Mike Rounds, Thom Tillis, Mike Crapo, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Tim Scott, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Cory Gardner, Tom Cotton, Jerry Moran, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 626. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.032 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7036 November 15, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Thomas Alvin Farr, of North Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Thomas Alvin Farr, of North Caro-lina, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Lamar Alexander, John Cornyn, James M. Inhofe, John Kennedy, Mike Crapo, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Rounds, Mi-chael B. Enzi, David Perdue, John Boozman, Tim Scott, Lindsey Graham, James E. Risch, Steve Daines, Thom Tillis. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 1141. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Da-kota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Jerry Moran, Mike Crapo, Steve Daines, Richard Burr, James E. Risch, Thom Tillis, John Thune, Roger F. Wicker, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Pat Roberts, John Bar-rasso, Mike Rounds, Lamar Alexander, John Boozman, John Cornyn. f LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 1064. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protection for a term of five years. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection for a term of five years. Mitch McConnell, Jerry Moran, Mike Crapo, Steve Daines, Richard Burr, James E. Risch, Thom Tillis, John Thune, Roger F. Wicker, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Pat Roberts, John Bar-rasso, Mike Rounds, Lamar Alexander, John Boozman, John Cornyn. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with re-spect to the Bowman nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. YOUNG ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF LATVIA’S INDEPENDENCE Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, the people who have called themselves Latvians have been in existence for centuries and centuries, but the nation state that we call Latvia has only ex-isted for 100 years. So I come to the floor to express the fact that on Satur-day, the Republic of Latvia celebrates 100 years as a country. As cochair of the Senate Baltic Free-dom Caucus, I recognized the cen-tenary of Estonia and Lithuania in February, and I mentioned that I would be back this November to talk about Latvia’s 100th anniversary, like I did Estonia and Lithuania back in Feb-ruary. On November 18, 1918, the People’s Council of Latvia proclaimed independ-ence. However, the establishment of a separate Latvian state did not come out of the blue. The movement toward an independent Latvia was a process of continuous historical development going back to the Latvian national awakening in the 1850s. At that time, between local German- speaking nobles and the Russian Impe-rial Government, and divided by the in-ternal political boundaries between the Russian Empire, Latvians did not con-trol their political fate. However, Latvians increasingly began to focus on promoting unity around their dis-tinct language and culture. With the collapse of the tsarist gov-ernment in Russia, Latvians began to push for a united autonomous terri-tory, although independence did not yet seem feasible. When the Bolsheviks seized power in Russia and attempted to consolidate control of Latvia, the time came to declare independence. However, as we Americans know well, declaring independence means being prepared to defend that decision of independence. Much as our Founding Fathers pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor to the cause of American independence, the Founding Fathers of Latvia knew they would have to defend their independence with the force of arms. In fact, they had to fight invasions by both Soviets and Germans. If this sounds familiar, it is because it is pretty much the same story I de-scribed in February with the Estonian War of Independence. In fact, the Latvians and Estonians coordinated closely and fought side by side. Latvia also received help from Lith-uania and Poland. Soviet Russia ulti-mately signed a peace treaty recog-nizing the independence and sov-ereignty of Latvia and renouncing for-ever all claims to the territory that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.037 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7037 November 15, 2018 
now Latvia. Sadly, it wasn’t long be-fore the treaty was violated. Hitler and Stalin agreed to divide up their neighbors between them in the infamous Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. The Soviets annexed Latvia and the other Baltics in the lead-up to World War II. Then, of course, Hitler broke his end of the bargain and invaded. At the end of the war, Stalin had taken back the Baltics and made clear he was there to stay. Despite courageous resistance of the Latvian forest brothers for many years while Latvians held out hope of assist-ance by the United States and the Western allies, Latvia remained occu-pied by the Soviet Union for the next 50 years after World War II. However, the United States never recognized the legitimacy of the Soviet occupation of Latvia. Throughout the Cold War, we main-tained diplomatic relations via Em-bassy staff who had been accredited to the United States by Latvia before the Soviet occupation. I should note that if anyone is inter-ested in learning more about the Lat-vian or Baltic history, there are books on the subject written by a professor emeritus at Iowa State University. The professor’s name is Andrejs Plakans. After World War II, Latvians who had fled the Soviets or otherwise found themselves outside their country were unable to go home to a country under foreign occupation. The Displaced Persons Act allowed refugees to come to the United States, provided they had a sponsor, and about 700 of them came to my home State of Iowa. There is a Latvian-American community in Iowa to this very day. In fact, the first Latvians to come to the Des Moines area were the family of the current pastor of the Iowa Latvian Evangelical Lutheran Church con-gregation, Leo Pelds. After his family’s initial arrange-ments for a job at a creamery in Bir-mingham, AL, fell through, they heard that Iowa would be a good choice as the climate would be what they were used to. So that family moved to Des Moines. Other Latvians soon arrived, and they sponsored further Latvians until there were 300 to 400 just in the Des Moines area. The Latvian Society of Iowa was formed in 1950, and the Latvia Lu-theran congregation was formed in 1952 after the arrival of the Latvian pastor. Like in other Latvian diaspora commu-nities around the world, cultural events were organized to keep the Lat-vian culture alive, and a Saturday school was established to teach Lat-vian language, history, geography, and folk dances. Song festivals have played an important role in the preservation of Latvian culture going back to the national awakening, so naturally there was also a choir. The Latvian Society of Iowa was part of the larger effort of the Latvian, Es-tonian, and Lithuanian American com-munities to keep the plight of the Bal-tics on the radar of our American polit-ical leaders. Then, in 1991, thanks in part to the external pressure from the United States, as well as the courageous ef-forts of Latvians themselves and others in the Soviet Union demanding their freedom, the ‘‘Evil Empire’’ collapsed. Latvia is now back in the family of free democratic European nations, where it belongs. Latvia is a member of NATO in excel-lent standing, both in terms of meeting its financial commitment of 2 percent of GDP and in terms of its soldiers fighting shoulder to shoulder with Americans and other allies in places like Afghanistan and Iraq. Even while Latvia is looking toward a bright future, its large neighbor to the east is ruled by a man who sees the fall of the Soviet Union, including los-ing Latvia, as, in his words, the ‘‘major geopolitical disaster of the century.’’ Those are the words of Vladimir Putin. He appears to be stuck in an old-fashioned way of thinking that as-signs smaller countries to the Russian sphere of influence. He bullies neigh-bors that do not toe the Russian line. In fact, he has even occupied the Ukrainian region of Crimea, which the United States does not recognize, just as we didn’t recognize the Soviet occu-pation of the Baltics. Vladimir Putin resents the fact that Latvia and the other Baltics naturally choose to align with fellow European countries to their west, with which they share a common European his-tory, culture, and outlook. Given their past and current experi-ence dealing with KGB thugs like Putin, the Latvians can provide invalu-able insight as we grapple with how to combat Russian disinformation. In fact, it is appropriate that Riga is home to NATO’s StratCom Centre of Excellence, which provides analysis and solutions for NATO on strategic communications and countering disinformation. So, as I conclude, I look forward to continuing the strong partnership be-tween Latvia and the United States, and I offer my best wishes to all the Latvians as they celebrate 100 years of Latvian statehood. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
BUDGET SCOREKEEPING REPORT Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to submit to the Senate the budget scorekeeping report for November 2018. The report compares current-law levels of spending and revenues with the amounts the Senate agreed to in the budget resolution for fiscal year 2018, H. Con. Res. 71, and the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, BBA18. This infor-mation is necessary for the Senate Budget Committee to determine whether budgetary points of order lie against pending legislation. The Re-publican staff of the Budget Committee and the Congressional Budget Office, CBO, prepared this report pursuant to section 308(b) of the Congressional Budget Act, CBA. This is my sixth scorekeeping report this year. My last filing can be found in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD for July 18, 2018. The information included in this report is current through November 13, 2018. Budget Committee Republican staff prepared Tables 1–6. Table 1 gives the amount by which each Senate authorizing committee ex-ceeds or is below its allocation for budget authority and outlays under the most recently adopted budget resolu-tion and the fiscal year 2019 enforce-able levels filing. This information is used for enforcing committee alloca-tions pursuant to section 302 of the CBA. For this reporting period, 10 of the 16 authorizing committees are not in compliance with their allocations. The six committees that are fully com-pliant with their allocations are the committees on Armed Services, For-eign Relations, Rules and Administra-tion, Intelligence, Indian Affairs, and Small Business and Entrepreneurship. The aggregate 10–year reduction in budget authority shown in table 1 is largely the product of savings that are generated at the end of the enforce-ment window through changes to cus-toms user fees, Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018, P.L. 115–239; Orrin G. Hatch Music Modernization Act, P.L. 115–264, or from the sale of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, Amer-ica’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, P.L. 115–270. Tables 2–3 give the amount by which the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions is below or exceeds the statutory spending limits. This information is used to determine points of order re-lated to the spending caps found in sec-tions 312 and 314 of the CBA. Appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018, shown in table 2, are consistent with the statu-tory limits. Table 3 shows that the Ap-propriations Committee is currently compliant with spending limits for fis-cal year 2019. Currently, seven Appro-priations subcommittees are operating under a continuing resolution, the De-partment of Defense and Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.045 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7038 November 15, 2018 
Appropriations Act, 2019 and Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2019 (P.L. 115–245). The fiscal year 2018 budget resolution contained points of order limiting the use of changes in mandatory programs in appropriations bills, CHIMPs. Tables 4, 5, and 6 track compliance with these points of order. Tables 4 and 6 show compliance with fiscal year 2018 limits for overall CHIMPs, $17 billion, and the Crime Victims Fund CHIMP, $11.2 bil-lion, respectively. Table 5, which tracks the CHIMP limit of $15 billion for fiscal year 2019, shows the Appro-priations Committee has enacted $7.7 billion worth of full-year CHIMPs for fiscal year 2019. The fiscal year 2019 CHIMPs were contained in the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies division of P.L. 115–245. This information is used for de-termining points of order under sec-tions 4102, overall limit, and 4103, Crime Victims Fund CHIMP, of H. Con. Res. 71. In addition to the tables provided by Budget Committee Republican staff, I am submitting CBO tables, which I will use to enforce budget totals approved by Congress. Because legislation may still be en-acted that would have an effect on fis-cal year 2018, CBO provided a report for both fiscal year 2018 and 2019. This in-formation is used to enforce aggregate spending and revenue levels in the budget resolution under section 311 of the CBA. CBO’s estimates show that current-law levels of spending for fiscal year 2018 exceed the amounts in last year’s budget resolution by $157.4 bil-lion in budget authority and $106.3 bil-lion in outlays. Revenues are $3.2 bil-lion above the revenue floor for fiscal year 2018 set by the budget resolution. Social Security outlays are at the lev-els assumed by the resolution, while Social Security revenues are $446 mil-lion below these levels. For fiscal year 2019, CBO annualizes the effects of the current continuing resolution, P.L. 115–245, which provides funding through December 7, 2018. For the enforcement of budgetary aggre-gates, the Budget Committee histori-cally excludes this temporary funding. As such, the current-law levels are $307.9 billion and $198.1 billion below enforceable levels for budget authority and outlays, respectively. Revenues are $309 million below the level assumed in the budget resolution. Further, Social Security revenues are at the levels as-sumed for fiscal year 2019, while Social Security outlays are $2 million above assumed levels for the budget year. CBO’s report also provides informa-tion needed to enforce the Senate pay- as-you-go, PAYGO, rule. The PAYGO scorecard shows deficit increases in fis-cal year 2019 of $377 million, $309 mil-lion revenue loss, $68 million outlay in-crease, over the fiscal year 2018–2023 pe-riod of $1,101 million, $698 million rev-enue loss, $403 million outlay increase, and over the fiscal year 2018–2028 period of $105 million, $689 million revenue loss, $584 million outlay decrease. Ex-cluded from these figures are the budg-etary effects of two direct spending and revenue bills: the VA Mission Act of 2018, P.L. 115–182, and the Support for Patients and Communities Act, P.L. 115–271. The exclusion of these budg-etary effects is the result of the statu-tory inclusion of explicit directions to exclude the effects from the Senate’s PAYGO scorecard. The Senate’s PAYGO rule is enforced by section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71. Also included in this submission is a table tracking the Senate’s budget en-forcement activity on the floor since the May 7 enforcement filing. Since my last report, one point of order was raised against a CHIMP provision in the Labor-HHS division of H.R. 6157 during its initial Senate consideration. Pursuant to section 314 of S. Con. Res. 70, the fiscal year 2009 budget resolu-tion, I raised a point of order against a $390 million Pell grant provision. The point of order was waived by a vote of 68–24. All years in the accompanying tables are fiscal years. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET RESOLUTIONS 
[In millions of dollars] 2018 2019 2019– 2023 2019– 2028 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry Budget Authority ............ 47 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 47 0 0 0 Armed Services Budget Authority ............ ¥33 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... ¥24 0 0 0 Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Budget Authority ............ 0 21 285 382 Outlays ........................... 0 20 285 382 Commerce, Science, and Transportation Budget Authority ............ 0 1 38 86 Outlays ........................... 0 1 35 85 Energy and Natural Resources Budget Authority ............ 220 0 0 ¥3 Outlays ........................... 198 0 0 ¥3 Environment and Public Works Budget Authority ............ 0 2 4 ¥333 Outlays ........................... 0 2 4 ¥333 Finance Budget Authority ............ 21,971 206 991 ¥919 Outlays ........................... 5,211 119 988 ¥919 Foreign Relations Budget Authority ............ 0 0 ¥5 ¥20 Outlays ........................... 0 0 ¥5 ¥20 Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs Budget Authority ............ 0 0 2 4 Outlays ........................... 0 43 48 49 Judiciary Budget Authority ............ 0 0 76 156 Outlays ........................... 0 0 72 151 Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Budget Authority ............ 705 0 ¥36 ¥84 Outlays ........................... 205 0 ¥36 ¥84 Rules and Administration Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Intelligence Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Veterans’ Affairs Budget Authority ............ 7,300 4 3 ¥729 Outlays ........................... 1,850 4,402 4,400 3,668 Indian Affairs Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Small Business Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET RESOLUTIONS—Continued 
[In millions of dollars] 2018 2019 2019– 2023 2019– 2028 
Total Budget Authority ... 30,210 234 1,358 ¥1,460 Outlays .................. 7,487 4,587 5,791 2,976 
TABLE 2.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2018 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits .............. 629,000 579,000 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 23,259 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 5,400 54,200 Defense ................................................. 589,320 132 Energy and Water Development ............ 21,800 21,400 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 31 23,392 Homeland Security ................................ 2,058 45,665 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 35,252 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 177,100 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 4,700 Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 10,091 81,900 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 0 42,000 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 300 70,000 
Current Level Total ............. 629,000 579,000 Total Enacted Above (+) or Below (¥) Statutory Limits .............. 0 0 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. 
TABLE 3.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2019 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits .............. 647,000 597,000 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 9 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 0 0 Defense ................................................. 606,340 129 Energy and Water Development ............ 22,440 22,200 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 0 0 Homeland Security ................................ 0 9 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 178,076 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 4,836 Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 10,332 86,804 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 0 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 0 4,400 
Current Level Total ............. 639,112 296,463 Total Enacted Above (+) or Below (¥) Statutory Limits .............. ¥7,888 ¥300,537 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. 
TABLE 4.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2018 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2018 ................................. 17,000 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.009 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7039 November 15, 2018 
TABLE 4.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS)—Continued 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2018 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 10,228 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies ............................................................. 6,772 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 17,000 Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... 0 
TABLE 5.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2019 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2019 ................................. 15,000 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 0 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies ............................................................. 7,715 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 7,715 TABLE 5.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS)—Continued 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2019 
Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... ¥7,285 
TABLE 6.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2018 
Crime Victims Fund (CVF) CHIMP Limit for Fiscal Year 2018 ............................................................................ 11,224 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies 10,228 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies ............................................................. 0 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 10,228 Total CVF CHIMP Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... ¥996 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, November 15, 2018. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2018 budget and is current through the end of fiscal year 2018. This re-port is submitted under section 308(b) and in aid of section 311 of the Congressional Budg-et Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018. Since our last letter dated July 18, 2018, the Congress has not cleared any legislation for the President’s signature that affects budget authority, outlays, or revenues in fis-cal year 2018. Sincerely, KEITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. 
TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPEND-ING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018, AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2018 
[In billions of dollars] Budget Resolution Current Level Current Level Over/Under (¥) Resolution 
On-Budget Budget Authority .................. 3,399.8 3,557.2 157.4 Outlays ................................. 3,221.3 3,327.6 106.3 Revenues .............................. 2,497.1 2,500.3 3.2 Off-Budget Social Security Outlays
a..... 849.6 849.6 0.0 Social Security Revenues ..... 873.3 872.9 ¥0.4 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated annually. 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018, AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2018 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enactedab Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a. n.a. 2,658,139 Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 2,105,225 2,003,386 n.a. Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 0 513,307 n.a. Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................¥866,685 ¥866,685 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,238,540 1,650,008 2,658,139 Enacted Legislation Authorizing Legislation National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (P.L. 115–91) .......................................................... ........................................................................................................... ¥33 ¥24 0 CHIP and Public Health Funding Extension Act (P.L. 115–96, Division C) ......................................................... ........................................................................................................ 705 205 0 An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 . . . and for other purposes (P.L. 115–96, Division D) ......................... ............................................................................... 2,100 1,050 0 An act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018  (P.L. 115–97) .................................................... ¥8,600 ¥8,600 ¥143,800 An act making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (P.L. 115 –120, Divisions C and D) .......................... 14,509 1,203 ¥1,263 Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–123, Divisions A and C–G)
bcd ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 7,504 4,050 ¥12,424 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018, Divisions M–V (P.L. 115–141)
c............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 225 203 ¥348 VA MISSION Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–182) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 5,2 00 800 0 
Total, Authorizing Legislation ................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................................. 2 1,610 ¥1,113 ¥157,835 Appropriation Legislation Department of Defense Missile Defeat and Defense Enhancements Appropriations Act, 2018 (P.L. 115–96, Division B) ............... ........................................................................ 4,686 803 0 Further Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2018 (P.L. 115–123, Division B, Subdivisio n 1) ............................................................... 84,436 11,185 0 Further Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018, (P.L. 115–123, Division B, Subdivision 3) ............................ ......................................................................................... ¥315 ¥315 0 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018, Divisions A–L (P.L. 115–141)
efg ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 2,259,985 1,663,110 0 
Total, Appropriation Legislation ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 2, 348,792 1,674,783 0 Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 2,370,402  1,673,670 ¥157,835 Entitlements and Mandatories Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ..................................................................................................... ¥51,440 4,205 0 Total Current Level
bh ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 3,557,239 3, 327,620 2,500,304 Total Senate Resolution
i............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 3,399,841 3,221 ,349 2,497,139 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 157,398 106,271 3,165 Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. n.a. 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aIncludes the budgetary effects of the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues and were cleared by the  Congress during the 1st session of the 115th Congress, but before the adoption of H. Con. Res. 71, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018: the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–46); the H arry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–48); a joint resolution compact relat- ing to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission (P.L. 115–54); the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 a nd Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (P.L. 115–56); the Emergency Aid to American Survivors of Hurricanes Irma and Jose Overseas Act (P.L. 115–57); the Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring A uthorities Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–62); the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–63); the Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria Education Relief Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–64); and the Additional Supplement al Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (P.L. 115–72). 
bEmergency funding that was not designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Deficit Control A ct does not count for certain budgetary enforcement purposes These amounts, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–63) ................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 263 263 0  Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–123) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 2,217 1,469 ¥509 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.048 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7040 November 15, 2018 
Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 2,480 1,732 ¥509 
cThe Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–123) contains seven divisions. Division A, Subdivision 2 of Division B, and Divisio ns C–F contain authorizing legislation, of which the budgetary effects of Subdivision 2 of Division B were designated as being for emergency requirements: Subdivisions 1 and 3 of Division B contain appropriation legislation. Subdivisi on 1 provided supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for disaster relief and designated those amounts as being for emergency requirements, and section 158 of Subdivision 3 provided authority for the duration of fiscal yea r 2018, for the Secretary of Energy to draw down and sell crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve Di- vision G of P.L. 115–123 provided for the budgetary treatment of Divisions A–F. 
dPursuant to section 232(b) of H.C. Res. 290 (106th Congress), the Concurrent Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2001, the budget ary effects related to the Federal Reserve’s surplus funds are excluded. As a result, the amounts shown do not include estimated increases in revenues of $2,450 million in fiscal year 2018, $2,180 million over the 2018–2022 period,  and $1,750 million over the 2018–2027 period. 
eSections 540–543 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017 (Division F of P.L. 115–31), extended several immigration programs through the end of fiscal year 2017. Several continuing resolutions continued those authorities through March 23, 2018, and sections 202–205 of title II of Division M of P.L. 115–141 further extended those  programs through 2018. CBO estimates that extending those authorities for the entirety of fiscal year 2018 will increase on-budget direct spending by $5 million in fiscal year 2018, $27 million over the 2018–2022 period, and $53 milli on over the 2018–2027 period. In addition, CBO estimates that extending those authorities will decrease off- budget direct spending by $1 million over the 2018–2022 period and by $7 million over the 2022–2027 period Further, CBO estimat es that continuing those authorities will increase revenues by $2 million over the 2018–2022 period and by $7 million over the 2018–2027 period. Consistent with the budgetary treatment of Divisions K–V of P.L. 115–141, the budgetar y effects of extending the immigration programs through March 23, 2018, are charged to the Appropriations Committee; the effects of extending the programs for the remainder of fiscal year 2018 are charged to the relevant authorizing committees. 
fPursuant to sections 1001–1004 of the 21st Century Cures Act (P.L. 114–255), certain funding provided to the Department of Heal th and Human Services (HHS)—in particular the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the National Institutes of Health (NIH)—in 2017 through 2026 shall not count for the purposes of complying with provisions of the Deficit Co ntrol Act or the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974. As a result, the amounts shown do not include $1,056 million in budget authority or $770 million in associated outlays in fiscal year 2018, specifically, $60 million in budget authority and $22 million in outlays for the FDA; and $996 million in budget authority and $748 million in outlays for HHS, which includes $500 million in budget authority for state responses to the opioid abuse crisis  and $496 million for NIH. 
gSection 255 of the Departments of Labor, Health, and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 20 18 (Division H of P.L. 115–141), delayed implementation of the recommendations of the United States Preventive Services Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention. CBO estimates that the del ay will increase direct spending (budget authority and outlays) by $14 million in fiscal year 2019 and by $6 million in fiscal year 2020. In addition, CBO estimates that section 225 will decrease revenues by $23 million in fiscal yea r 2019 (of which $6 million will be off-budget) and will decrease revenues by $9 million in fiscal year 2020 (of which $2 million will be off-budget). 
hFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate,  does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include these items. 
iPeriodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels in H. Con. Res. 71, pursuant to various provision s of the resolution. The total for the Initial Senate Resolution shown below excludes $47,660 million in budget authority, $22,467 million in outlays, and $150,003 million in revenues assumed in H. Con. Res. 71 for discretionary spe nding not constrained by the budgetary caps established by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (P.L. 112–25) and subsequently amended, including spending that qualifies for adjustments pursuant to section 4205 of H. Con. Res. 71. Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Initial Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 3,089,061 3,109,221 2,640,939 Revisions: Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 3003 of H. Con. Res. 71 ............................ ........................................................................................... ¥8,600 ¥8,600 ¥143,800 Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... ........................................................................................................... 4,686 803 0 Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... ........................................................................................................... 84,436 11,185 0 Pursuant to section 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 4108 of H. Con. Res. 71 ................. ................................................................................... 230,553 108,997 0 Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... ........................................................................................................... ¥295 ¥257 0 
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 3,399,841 3,221,349 2,497,139 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, November 15, 2018. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2019 budget and is current through November 13, 2018. This report is submitted under section 308(b) and in aid of section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels printed in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018, pursuant to section 30103 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123). Since our last letter dated July 18, 2018, the Congress has cleared and the President has signed the following legislation that has significant effects on budget authority, out-lays, and revenues in fiscal year 2019: Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–239), Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019 (Public Law 115– 244), Department of Defense and Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appro-priations Act, 2019 and Continuing Appro-priations Act, 2019 (Public Law 115–245), Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–251), FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 and Sup-plemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–254), America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–270); and SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act (Public Law 115–271). Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPEND-ING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019, AS OF NOVEMBER 13, 2018 
[In billions of dollars] Budget Resolution Current Level Current Level Over/Under (¥) Resolution 
On-Budget Budget Authority ............. 3,619.2 3,632.0 12.8 Outlays ............................ 3,546.4 3,539.3 ¥7.1 Revenues ......................... 2,590.5 2,590.2 ¥0.3 Off-Budget Social Security Outlays
a 908.8 908.8 0.0 Social Security Revenues 899.2 899.2 0.0 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated annually. 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019, AS OF NOVEMBER 13, 2018 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enactedab Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a. n.a. 2,590,496 Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 2,337,789 2,232,677 n.a. Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 0 573,950 n.a. Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................¥890,012 ¥890,015 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,447,777 1,916,612 2,590,496 Enacted Legislation Authorizing Legislation Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protections Act (P.L. 115–174)
c............................................................................................................................... ................ 18 17 ¥5 VA MISSION Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–182) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 0 4 ,400 0 American Innovation $1 Coin Act (P.L. 115–197) ................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 3 3 0 Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–239) ........................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 0 0 ¥304 Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–251) ................................................. ..................................................................................................... 4 2 0 FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–254)
d............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 1 44 0 America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–270) ...................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 2 2 0 SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act (P.L. 115–271)
b............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 206 119 0 
Subtotal, Authorizing Legislation .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ 234  4,587 ¥309 Appropriation Legislation
a Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019 (P.L. 115–244) ... ............................................................................... 191,127 145,276 0 Department of Defense and Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Act, 2019 and Continuing Appropriation s Act, 2019 (P.L. 115–245)
ab................... 1,691,001 1,223,855 0 Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief, 2018 (P.L. 115–254, Division I) ............................................... .............................................................................................................. 1,680 25 0 
Subtotal, Appropriation Legislation ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... 1,883,808 1,369,156 0 Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 1,884,042 1,373,743 ¥309 Continuing Resolution Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019 (P.L. 115–245, Division C)
ab............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 320,763 190,949 0 Entitlements and Mandatories ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................¥20,585 57,981 0 Total Current Level
b............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 3,631,997 3,539,2 85 2,590,187 Total Senate Resolution
e............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 3,619,159 3,546,419 2,59 0,496 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.050 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7041 November 15, 2018 
TABLE 2—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019, AS OF N OVEMBER 13, 2018— Continued 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 12,838 n .a. n.a. Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... n.a. 7,13 4 309 Memorandum Revenues, 2019–2028 Senate Current Level
c............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 3 3,272,465 Senate Resolution
e............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... n.a. n .a. 33,273,213 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . n.a. n.a. n.a. Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 748 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aSections 1001–1004 of the 21st Century Cures Act (P.L. 114–255) require that certain funding provided for 2017 through 2026 to the Department of Health and Human Services—in particular the Food and Drug Administration and the National Institutes of Health—be excluded from estimates for the purposes of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Cont rol Act of 1985 (Deficit Control Act) or the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (Congressional Budget Act). Therefore, the amounts shown in this report do not include $771 million in budget authority, and $7 67 million in estimated outlays. 
bFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate,  does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include those items. 
cPursuant to section 232(b) of H.C. Res. 290 (106th Congress), the Concurrent Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2001, the budget ary effects related to the Federal Reserve’s surplus funds are excluded. As a result, the amounts shown do not include estimated increases in revenues of $655 million in fiscal year 2019, $570 million over the 2019–2023 period, and  $454 million over the 2019–2028 period. 
dDivision I of P.L. 115–254 provided $1.68 billion in supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and designated those amo unts as being for emergency requirements pursuant to section 251 of the Deficit Control Act. In general, the budgetary effects of authorizing legislation are recorded as direct spending or revenue. However, consistent with the langu age in Division I, and at the direction of the Senate Committee on the Budget, those budgetary effects are clas- sified as discretionary spending. 
eSection 30103 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 required—in the absence of a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019—that the Chair of the Senate Committee on the Budget publish the aggregate spending and revenue levels for fiscal year 2019; those aggregate levels were first published in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018. Th e Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 also allows the Chair of the Senate Committee on the Budget to revise the budgetary aggregates: Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Original Aggregates Printed on May 7, 2018: .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 3,547,094 3,508,052 2,590,496 Revisions: Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... .................................................................................................. 921 0 0 Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... .................................................................................................. 69,464 38,556 0 Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... .................................................................................................. 0 ¥214 0 Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... .................................................................................................. 1,680 25 0 
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 3,619,159 3,546,419 2,590,496 
TABLE 3—SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS, AS OF NOVEMBER 13, 2018 
[In millions of dollars] 2018 2019 2018–2023 2018–2028 
Beginning Balancea............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 0 0 0 0 Enacted Legislation
bc A Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitte d by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Incident Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’ (S.J. Res. 57, P.L. 115–172) ........ .......................................................................... * * * * Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protections Act (S. 2155, P.L. 115–174)
d............................................................................................................................... .. * 22 329 490 Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017 (S. 204, P.L. 115–176) .......... ............................................................................ * * * * An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptati ons of residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes (H.R. 3562, P.L. 115–177) ...................................... ......................................................................................... * * * * VA MISSION Act of 2018 (S. 2372, P.L. 115–182)
e............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ * * * * Whistleblower Protection Coordination Act (S. 1869, P.L. 115–192) .............................................................. ............................................................................................................... * * * * All Circuit Review Act (H.R. 2229, P.L. 115–195) ............................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... * * * * American Innovation $1 Coin Act (H.R. 770, P.L. 115–197) ....................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 0 3 3 0 Small Business 7(a) Lending Oversight Reform Act of 2018 (H.R. 4743, P.L. 115–189) ............................................. ............................................................................................... * * * * Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act of 2018 (H.R. 5956, P. L. 115–218) ................................................. .................................................................................................... 0 0 0 ¥3 KIWI Act (S. 2245, P.L. 115–226) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... * * * * To make technical amendments to certain marine fish conservation statutes, and for other purposes (H.R. 4528, P.L. 115–228) .... ..................................................................... * * * * John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (H.R. 5515, P.L. 115–232) ............................... ......................................................................................... * * * * Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018 (H.R. 4318, P.L. 115–239) ................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 0 304 690 ¥118 Tribal Social Security Fairness Act of 2018 (H.R. 6124, P.L. 115–243) .......................................................... .............................................................................................................. 0 * ¥1 ¥3 Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019 (H.R. 6157, Divis ion B, P.L. 115–245, Division B) ............ 0 0 18 18 Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act of 2017 (S. 97, P.L. 115–248) ....................................................... .......................................................................................................... * * * * Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2018 (S. 3479, P.L. 115–251) ........................................ ................................................................................................. * 2 * ¥3 Elkhorn Ranch and White River National Forest Conveyance Act of 2017 (H.R. 698, P.L. 115–252) .................................. ........................................................................................ * * * * FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 (H.R. 302, P.L. 115–254)
f............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... * 44 42 26 Patients Right To Know Drug Act of 2018 (S. 2554, P.L. 115–263) ................................................................ ............................................................................................................. * * ¥11 ¥52 Orrin G. Hatch Music Modernization Act (H.R. 1551, P.L. 115–264) ............................................................... .............................................................................................................. 0 0 13 ¥24 Congressional Award Program Reauthorization Act of 2018 (S. 3509, P.L. 115–268) ................................................ ................................................................................................. * * 2 4 America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 (S. 3021, P.L. 115–270) ............................................................. .............................................................................................................. 0 2 16 ¥230 SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act (H.R. 6, P.L. 115–271)
g............................................................................................................................... .......................................... * * * * Hizballah International Financing Prevention Amendments Act of 2017 (S. 1595, P.L. 115–272) .................................... .......................................................................................... * * * * To authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of C olumbia and its environs, and for other purposes (H.R. 1037, P.L. 115–275) ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 0 * * * 
Impact on Deficit .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... * 377 1,101 105 Total Change in Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........... * 68 403 ¥584 Total Change in Revenues ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... * ¥309 ¥698 ¥689 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: P.L. = Public Law, * = between ¥$500,000 and $500,000. 
aOn May 7, 2018, the Chairman of the Senate Committee on the Budget reset the Senate’s Pay-As-You-Go Scorecard to zero for all f iscal years. 
bThe amounts shown represent the estimated effect of the public laws on the deficit. 
cExcludes off-budget amounts. 
dPursuant to section 232(b) of H.C. Res. 290 (106th Congress), the Concurrent Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2001, the budget ary effects related to the Federal Reserve’s surplus funds are excluded. As a result, the amounts shown do not include estimated increases in revenues of $655 million in fiscal year 2019, $570 million over the 2019–2023 period, and  $454 million over the 2019–2028 period. 
eThe budgetary effects of this Act are excluded from the Senate’s PAYGO scorecard, pursuant to section 512 of the Act. 
fDivision I of P.L. 115–254 contains the Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Act, 2018, which provided $1,680 millio n in supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and designated as an emergency requirement pur- suant to section 251 of the Deficit Control Act. At the direction of the Committees on the Budget, and consistent with the lang uage in section 1701, those amounts are shown as discretionary spending. 
gThe budgetary effects of this Act are excluded from the Senate’s PAYGO scorecard, pursuant to section 8231 of the Act. 
ENFORCEMENT REPORT OF POINTS OF ORDER RAISED SINCE THE FY 2019 ENFORCEMENT FILING 
Vote Date Measure Violation Motion to Waive Result 
127 ................... June 18, 2018 .............. H.R. 5515—John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 20 19 ...... 4106(a)—Senate-Pay-As-You-Go Violation1.Sen. McConnell (R–KY)2................. 81–14, waived 192 ................... August 23, 2018 .......... S. Amdt. #3695 to H.R. 6157, the Defense, Labor, HHS, and Education Appropriatio ns Act
3. 314(a) CHIMP with Net-Costs ......... Sen. Leahy (D–VT) ........................... 68–24, waived 
1Senator Sanders raised a section 4106(a) of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress) point of order against the bill because the bill w ould increase the on-budget deficit. 
2By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded to a roll call vote to waive the point of order. 
3This surgical point of order would have struck lines 7–8 of page 270 in Division B (Title III) of the substitute amendment, whi ch was related to the Pell Grant program. This provision was a Change in Mandatory Program (CHIMP) esti- mated to increase spending by $390 million over 10 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.038 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7042 November 15, 2018 
S.J. RES. 65 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, as the late Senator John McCain once wrote, ‘‘We are a country with a con-science. We have long believed moral concerns must be an essential part of our foreign policy, not a departure from it.’’ He believed, as I do, that human rights and the rule of law are the cornerstones of a just and free soci-ety. More than any President before him, however, President Trump has shirked our Nation’s values. This is especially true in his engagement abroad; across the globe, President Trump has em-braced autocrats and derided our demo-cratic allies. The Kingdom of Bahrain is no excep-tion to this disturbing trend. Just 2 months into his tenure, President Trump lifted all human rights condi-tions on a multibillion dollar sale of American fighter jets to Bahrain, im-posed by President Obama. President Trump has attached no human rights conditions to any successive arms sale to Bahrain, including the arms identi-fied in S.J. Res. 65. The message President Trump has sent is clear: Bahrain has a green light to act with total impunity against its citizens. The Trump administration’s decision coincided with an intensified government campaign against civil so-ciety and peaceful political opposition. In its 2017 Human Rights Report, the State Department cited Bahrain’s un-lawful killings by security forces, arbi-trary arrest and detention of civilians, restrictions on freedom of expression, arbitrary citizenship revocation, and limits on Shia political participation, among a litany of other abuses by the state. I recognize that, in every relation-ship, the United States must carefully weigh our national security interests. Bahrain is an important strategic part-ner and hosts our Navy’s Fifth Fleet. The arms identified in S.J. Res. 65 are intended for Bahrain’s territorial de-fense, which I support. However, I re-ject the notion, supported by this President, that our values and our in-terests are at odds. Our values, our willingness to consider the human costs of our actions, are what make the United States and what keep the United States exceptional. President Trump should not have abandoned human rights conditions in our arms sales to Bahrain, which is why I voted against the motion to table S.J. Res. 65. 
f 
COAST GUARD REAUTHORIZATION BILL Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to raise concerns about the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, known as VIDA, which is included in the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Act of 2018. I voted in favor of the Frank LoBi-ondo Coast Guard Act of 2018, along with 93 of my colleagues, because I strongly support the Coast Guard and its mission. The women and men of the Coast Guard provide invaluable serv-ices to our Nation, which include homeland security, maritime safety, drug interdiction, search and rescue, and marine environmental protection. However, the Vessel Incidental Dis-charge Act title in the Coast Guard au-thorization bill is a rider that I have long opposed. VIDA imposes a uniform national standard and preempts Cali-fornia law in a way that weakens Cali-fornia’s ballast water management pro-gram, which protects coastal waters from pollution and invasive species. California has one of the most strin-gent ballast water discharge and man-agement standards in the Nation. It is home to three of the country’s largest and busiest ports with extremely high- volume traffic. California’s ports are often the first stop for vessels from Asia before they travel up the West Coast. Therefore, California is often the first line of de-fense against the spread of invasive species and other types of pollution. That is why it has led the Nation in one of the most advanced, stringent ballast water and invasive species man-agement programs—and with much success. Invasive species wreak havoc on eco-systems and infrastructure, with wide ranging effects from damaging levee systems to crippling commercial fish-eries. Due to climate change, warming waters and shifting currents will in-crease the spread of invasive species, and strong safeguards are needed now more than ever. This is why I strongly oppose VIDA’s preemption of California’s ballast water program. For all these reasons, I supported the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Act of 2018, but do not support the VIDA pro-vision contained therein. Thank you. f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, on Oc-tober 11, 2018, I was unavoidably absent during rollcall votes Nos. 231, 232, 233, 234, 235, 236, 237, 238, and 239. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on vote No. 238 and nay on rollcall votes Nos. 231, 232, 233, 234, 235, 236, 237, and 239. 
f 
ASBESTOS BANKRUPTCY TRUST OVERSIGHT Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today I wish to highlight the excellent work being done by the Justice Depart-ment under this administration in en-suring an accountable asbestos bank-ruptcy trust system. In 1994, in response to widespread as-bestos litigation in our Nation’s courts, Congress created a system of asbestos bankruptcy trusts. The pur-pose of these trusts is twofold. First, they provide an effective means for vic-tims of asbestos exposure to obtain compensation from the companies they worked for years earlier or whose prod-ucts caused their injuries. This helps provide some measure of justice for those whose lives have been dramati-cally impacted by asbestos exposure. At the same time, the companies, who otherwise face crippling liability, obtain a degree of certainty as they emerge from bankruptcy and reenter the stream of commerce. Most importantly, these trusts are designed to ensure that all victims, current and future, have access to com-pensation for their injuries. If the available funds are depleted unfairly through fraudulent claims, abuse, or mismanagement, it is the fu-ture victims, or those whose injuries have yet to manifest, who will feel the impact. Unfortunately, the asbestos bank-ruptcy trust system has largely lacked any meaningful, independent oversight to ensure that trusts are not deceived into—or willingly engage in—paying erroneous claims to unscrupulous law-yers. For years, I have called out this problem and the need for more sun-shine to deter potential abuse. That is why I applaud the Justice De-partment’s recent actions to stand up for victims of asbestos exposure by en-suring an accountable trust system. In a recent letter to 20 State attor-neys general who had called for action, the Department forcefully criticized the ‘‘problematic lack of transparency in the operation and oversight of asbes-tos trusts’’ and acknowledged ‘‘alarm-ing evidence’’ of ‘‘fraud and mis-management inside trusts.’’ On September 13, 2018, the Justice Department filed a statement of inter-est in a case concerning a proposed as-bestos bankruptcy trust in North Caro-lina. The Department objected to the trust’s formation, arguing that the plans failed to include sufficient safe-guards to prevent fraud and abuse of the trust funds. The Department further stated that the United States will object to any plan that ‘‘lacks critical provisions to ensure transparency and account-ability and to prevent fraudulent claims and mismanagement of the trust funds[.]’’ This includes ensuring that trusts comply with any obliga-tions under the Medicare Secondary Payer Statute, avoid conflicts of inter-est, and prevent excessive administra-tive costs and attorney’s fees. Shortly thereafter, on September 26, 2018, the Justice Department’s U.S. Trustee Program, for the first time ever, objected to the appointment of a proposed future claimants’ representa-tive in a separate asbestos bankruptcy case based on the candidate’s apparent conflicts of interest and close ties to lawyers representing current claim-ants. According to Principal Deputy Asso-ciate Attorney General Jesse Panuccio, ‘‘[t]o best protect all victims, those ap-pointed in asbestos cases should be held to the same conflicts prohibitions and standards of independence that are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.010 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7043 November 15, 2018 
required of other fiduciaries under the Bankruptcy Code.’’ I couldn’t agree more. Asbestos bankruptcy trusts are cre-ated to compensate victims, not to line the pockets of lawyers who file claims or administer the trusts. Fraudsters and poor management cannot be al-lowed to cheat victims of asbestos-re-lated diseases out of the assistance Congress established for them. So I am pleased to see the Justice Department stepping up and using its existing authority to push back against trust plans that fail to put the victims’ interests first. I applaud its commitment to investigate conduct re-lated to asbestos trusts that is illegal under Federal law. It is time the asbestos trust system protects the interests of the victims, as Congress intended. To be sure, however, Congress’s job isn’t finished. There are commonsense steps we can take to better ensure that the Department has the tools and au-thority it needs to police against fraud and mismanagement. Earlier this year, I cosponsored S. 2564, the PROTECT Asbestos Victims Act, which would codify needed ac-countability measures for asbestos trust oversight. This bill, introduced by Senator T
ILLIS , deserves strong bi-partisan support. Among other re-forms, it strengthens the U.S. Trustee’s statutory authority to investigate the administration and operation of trusts. If the U.S. Trustee believes a false claim or demand was paid by the trust, he or she may refer the matter to the U.S. Attorney’s Office. It criminalizes a knowingly and fraudulently false claim or representation to a trust. It better ensures that the right people are appointed as future claims representa-tives, in other words, those who under-stand that their duty is to future vic-tims, not to their trial lawyer friends. These are commonsense reforms, and I invite all of my colleagues to join in support. In the meantime, I fully expect the Justice Department to keep up its great work in protecting asbestos vic-tims and the American taxpayer by po-licing against waste, fraud, and mis-management in the asbestos bank-ruptcy trust system. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOYCE FIENBERG Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to remember Joyce Fienberg. Joyce was 1 of the 11 people who was violently killed at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh’s Squirrel Hill neighborhood. Joyce Fienberg spent 25 years at the University of Pittsburgh’s Learning Research Center, where she focused on child development. She connected with the people she worked with and mentored graduate students. As her colleagues recalled, she was affection-ately known as ‘‘mom to all of us.’’ Throughout her life, Joyce wanted to be where she was needed and where she could help. After her retirement, she became more involved in the Tree of Life Synagogue, and it became an out-let for her altruism. According to her son, she was a faithful attendee, a minyonaire, the nickname given to those members who attend the prayer quorum daily. Joyce Fienberg may no longer be with us, but her kindness and her spirit will be remembered by those she knew and whose lives she touched. f 
REMEMBERING DR. RICHARD GOTTFRIED Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to remember Dr. Richard Gottfried. Richard was 1 of the 11 peo-ple who was violently killed at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh’s Squirrel Hill neighborhood. Richard Gottfried lived a full life and, in doing so, made this world a bet-ter place. Richard and his wife, Dr. Peg Durachko, both dentists, volunteered at the Catholic Charities free dental clinic, helping to ensure access to this vital care for all. Many of the people they helped were immigrants and refu-gees who had never been to a dentist. Richard, a member of the New Light Congregation, which shared space at Tree of Life, and Peg, a member of St. Athanasius Catholic Church, also helped to counsel couples preparing for marriage, wanting to aid and serve wherever they could. Richard Gottfried lived his life trying to affect positive change and, through that commitment and dedication, had a direct, positive impact on many lives, a legacy that will endure for years to come. 
f 
REMEMBERING ROSE MALLINGER Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to remember Rose Mallinger. Rose was 1 of the 11 people who was vio-lently killed at the Tree of Life Syna-gogue in Pittsburgh’s Squirrel Hill neighborhood. Maya Angelou once said, ‘‘My mis-sion in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.’’ By all ac-counts, Rose Mallinger lived that life. Ninety-seven when she died last month, everyone described Rose as full of life and destined to live to be at least 100 years old. The Tree of Life was the center of her days, and she had been a member of the congregation for over 60 years. Rose Mallinger was an inspiration to all who met her, and that grace, that vivaciousness of spirit, will live on in the lives she touched. 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. JERRY RABINOWITZ Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to Dr. Jerry Rabinowitz. Jerry was 1 of the 11 people who was violently killed at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh’s Squirrel Hill neighborhood. General George Patton once said, ‘‘It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived.’’ Today we thank God for the life of Dr. Jerry Rabinowitz. When gunfire erupted, Dr. Rabinowitz was in a different location, but ran toward the gunfire, knowing there would be people who needed his care. That altruistic impulse cost Dr. Rabinowitz his life, but anyone who knew Dr. Rabinowitz has said he would have done nothing less. A family physician, Dr. Rabinowitz was guided by a moral compass that never faltered and an inner light that never went out. He embraced AIDS pa-tients in the early years of the epi-demic when other doctors shunned them. He made house calls to check in on patients; he believed in treating the whole person. He did not just care for individuals, but for entire families. Three and four generations of families became patients of Dr. Rabinowitz. He also served as president of Dor Hadash, one of the congregations that met at the Tree of Life synagogue. Dr. Rabinowitz’s life ended tragically and far too soon, but the world is a bet-ter place for the years Dr. Rabinowitz was in it. His light lives on in all the patients he cared for and all the people he touched, and today we do indeed thank God for the life of Dr. Jerry Rabinowitz. f 
REMEMBERING CECIL AND DAVID ROSENTHAL Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to Cecil Rosenthal and David Rosenthal. Cecil and David, who were brothers, were 2 of the 11 people who were violently killed at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh’s Squirrel Hill neighborhood. John-Jacques Rousseau once said, ‘‘The person who has lived the most is not the one with the most years but the one with the richest experiences.’’ By that standard, Cecil and David Rosenthal lived more than almost any-one to grace this earth. They were in-separable from each other and from the Tree of Life Synagogue. Born with in-tellectual disabilities, they lived to-gether in a community home run by ACHEIVA, an organization that assists people with disabilities, and were be-loved throughout their community. Their strengths complemented each other, and they looked out for each other. Cecil, the more outgoing of the brothers, was known as the unofficial mayor of Squirrel Hill. He was a greet-er at the Tree of Life Synagogue and active in the Best Buddies program that pairs college students with people with disabilities. David was more re-served, yet delighted everyone with his keen sense of humor. It was fitting that he became a custodian, as he had a passion for keeping things clean and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.013 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7044 November 15, 2018 
a passion for law enforcement. Both have been made honorary Pittsburgh firefighters in honor of their contribu-tions to the community. David Rosenthal and Cecil Rosenthal embraced life and, in turn, were em-braced by it. They never let any limita-tions hinder them, which is how and why they touched countless lives. Rob-ert F. Kennedy once talked about how, through our actions, we send out rip-ples of hope and that those ripples come together and make a larger col-lective difference. Every person who knew Cecil and David are a ripple of hope and through each of these ripples, their love of life, their contributions to their community, and their life of in-clusion will live on and continue to positively impact the Squirrel Hill community, the city of Pittsburgh, and beyond. 
f 
REMEMBERING BERNICE AND SYLVAN SIMON Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to Bernice and Sylvan Simon. Bernice and Sylvan were 2 of the 11 people who were violently killed at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pitts-burgh’s Squirrel Hill neighborhood. Bernice and Sylvan Simon were de-voted to each other and did everything together. Longtime members of the Tree of Life congregation, their life to-gether began when they were married there in 1956 and it ended there over 60 years later, but those intervening years were years of joy, service, family, and love. That love and devotion served as an inspiration to their children and grandchildren, who hope that it will now serve as an example for all of us. Today let us remember the great love Bernice and Sylvan Simon shared and carry it forth in our own lives and for the rest of our days. 
f 
REMEMBERING DANIEL STEIN Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to remember Daniel Stein. Dan was 1 of the 11 people who was vio-lently killed at the Tree of Life Syna-gogue in Pittsburgh’s Squirrel Hill neighborhood. When Fred Rogers, better known as Mister Rogers, told children to ‘‘look for the helpers,’’ he could have been talking about Dan Stein. Whenever and wherever he was needed, for a task big or small, Dan was happy to lend a hand. A longtime member of the New Light Congregation and, for a time, its president, Dan was a fixture at Satur-day services. Judaism played a signifi-cant role in his life, and he was copresi-dent of the area’s Hadassah chapter. We would all do well to remember Dan Stein’s never failing desire to help his friends and neighbors and look for opportunities in our own lives to do more each day. 
f 
REMEMBERING MELVIN WAX Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to remember Melvin Wax. Melvin was 1 of the 11 people who was vio-lently killed at the Tree of Life Syna-gogue in Pittsburgh’s Squirrel Hill neighborhood. Mel Wax approached his life and his days with a kind heart and a generous spirit. Mel was a regular at services and known for arriving early. He knew all the roles and would always step up when needed. The morning he died, he was leading services at New Light, one of the three congregations that met at the Tree of Life Synagogue. Mel Wax served in the Korean war, and though he talked about how hard it was, he would immediately add that he would do it again so someone else would not have to. Such was the self-less devotion of Mel Wax to his fellow man and his sense of duty. John McCain said, ‘‘Every day, peo-ple serve their neighbors and our na-tion in many different ways . . . It is in this spirit of dedication to others and to our country that I believe service should be broadly and deeply encour-aged.’’ Mel Wax lived a life of service to his friends and neighbors. As we go about our days, let us strive to live up to his example. f 
REMEMBERING IRVING YOUNGER Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to remember Irving Younger. Ir-ving was 1 of the 11 people who was vio-lently killed at the Tree of Life Syna-gogue in Pittsburgh’s Squirrel Hill neighborhood. Irving Younger was a kind soul who was simply happy to help and do what-ever was needed. He was always present to greet arrivals at the synagogue and would lend his prayer book if a new congregant at Tree of Life needed it. He had an innate ability to know what was needed and how to help. Irving Younger’s life was rooted in his faith and his family. He would al-ways arrive early for services and stay late, and his visits to his family in California brought him great joy. Ralph Emerson once said, ‘‘You can-not do a kindness too soon because you never know when it will be too late.’’ Irving Younger never failed to do a kindness and that devotion will be re-membered by all he touched. 
f 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES 
MAJOR BRENT TAYLOR  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to honor the ex-traordinary life and service of Utah Army National Guard MAJ Brent Tay-lor. Major Taylor gave the ultimate sacrifice on November 3, 2018, while de-ployed to Afghanistan. He is survived by his wife Jennie and his seven chil-dren Megan, Lincoln, Alex, Jacob, Ellie, Jonathan, and Caroline, to whom he was a devoted husband and father. Major Taylor’s record of service dem-onstrates his willingness to go above and beyond the call of duty to both his country and the State of Utah. He joined the Utah Army National Guard in 2003 and received a commission as a second lieutenant from the Brigham Young University Reserve Officer Training Corps in 2006. He distin-guished himself in multiple specialties with the Utah National Guard, includ-ing intelligence and military police. Major Taylor was continuously ready to take up the call to arms and de-ployed four times on missions to Iraq and Afghanistan. He held a variety of roles, including platoon leader, combat adviser, and chief of staff to the Spe-cial Operations Advisory Group. Throughout his tours of service, Major Taylor received several awards for his courage, sacrifice, and leadership; he received a Bronze Star in honor of his ability to calmly and safely lead his men through miles of treacherous ter-ritory and a Purple Heart for wounds received during an IED attack on his vehicle. His love of his State and his country was also evident beyond the uniform. Major Taylor gave his time and energy to his community, serving tirelessly as a member of the North Ogden City Council from 2010–2013 and as mayor of North Ogden after being elected in 2013. He was a known to be a hands-on lead-er, attentive to and beloved by his community. Last Christmas morning, when snow had fallen all night, Brent was with his city employees plowing roads, so that other families could safely celebrate together and these friends could get home to theirs. He stood as an example to me by continually representing how to best serve your fellow man. For him, service was the best way to show disci-pleship to God. After being reelected in 2017, he took a leave of absence from the mayor’s of-fice in 2018 and headed back to the bat-tlefield, deploying to Afghanistan. When he announced his leave of ab-sence to the people of North Ogden City before departing for Afghanistan, Major Taylor told them that he felt called to serve his country there and that ‘‘service is what leadership is all about.’’ At that time, I presented a flag to Major Taylor and expressed my gratitude for ‘‘Utahns who carry our flag into harm’s way for the cause of freedom.’’ I pray it was a reminder to him of the love and support our State has for him. I am confident that he stood as an example of the best our flag represents every day of his deploy-ment. Following Major Taylor’s tragic pass-ing, Major Abdul Rahmani, an Afghani pilot with whom he worked, sent a let-ter to Major Taylor’s wife describing the great impact of his life; in his words, he was a ‘‘loving, caring, and compassionate man whose life was not just meaningful, it was inspirational . . . he died on our soil but he died for the success of freedom and democracy in both of our countries.’’ Not only that, but Major Taylor exemplified to him the importance of family: ‘‘Your husband taught me to love my wife 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\S15NO8.REC S15NO8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7045 November 15, 2018 
Hamida as an equal and to treat my children as treasured gifts, to be a bet-ter father, to be a better husband, and to be a better man.’’ While meeting with Jennie and their children this last week, I was deeply moved to hear story after story about this great Utahn. These stories held consistent themes of family, faith, pa-triotism, and service. His legacy will continue to bless countless people and will continue to encourage and inspire me. To honor his life and memory, a group of friends, law enforcement offi-cials, and volunteers gathered to carry an American flag to display in Coldwater Canyon on Veterans Day. Members of the North Ogden commu-nity and Utahns across the State have all come together to commemorate his life, as is only fitting. Major Taylor’s life will be remem-bered as an embodiment of courage, sacrifice, and service and love of God, family, and country. It is my privilege to honor him today and to call him friend. Thank you. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 110TH REGIMENTAL COMBAT TEAM Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise to bring this Chamber’s attention to an overlooked part of our Nation’s shining legacy during the Battle of the Ardennes in World War II: the heroic actions of the 110th Regimental Com-bat Team—RCT—28th Infantry Divi-sion from December 15–19, 1944. As the last major German offensive on the Western Front, the Ardennes campaign was crucial for both sides. With the stakes high, the 110th RCT valiantly rose to the occasion. At a devastating cost, the 110th was instru-mental in the American victory. De-spite being thinly extended across the American front on the Luxemburg bor-der, the 110th RCT held back and slowed the advance of nearly four rein-forced German divisions. The Ameri-cans were outnumbered nearly ten to one, and were vastly outgunned in ar-tillery and armor. As records have shown, it was not the unit’s weapons or numbers that kept them fighting at this critical juncture of the war but sheer bravery and strength of character. The U.S. Army Center for Military History wrote in 1965 that, ‘‘without the gallant bargain struck by the 110th Infantry and its al-lied units—men for time—the German plans for a coup-de-main at Bastogne would have turned to accomplished fact. In the last analysis . . . the final measure of success and failure would be in terms of hours and minutes won by the Americans and lost to the enemy.’’ While the 101st Airborne and 82nd Airborne raced to entrench at Bas-togne, their defense of the city would not have been possible without the de-laying actions of the 110th RCT. As the soldiers of the 110th RCT dug into the hillsides and small towns of Luxem-burg, holding their position at all costs, the weight of the enemy attack proved deadly. By December 19, the 110th RCT made its last stand at Wiltz with just over 500 soldiers. Following the attack that day, the 110th RCT was effectively destroyed as a fighting force, and the few remaining survivors were sent to fill in other units. The 4 days that the 110th RCT de-layed the Germans proved vital, even as Bastogne was surrounded amid heavy fighting. It was not until nearly a week later, on December 26, when units from Patton’s army finally start-ed to break the encirclement and offer relief to the units in Bastogne. History has shown the 110th RCT to be one of the unsung heroes in the opening days of the Battle of the Bulge, and its gallantry has garnered enthusiastic recommendations from senior leaders, commanding generals, and historians. I am pleased to honor and remember these heroes and provide proper recognition to the lineage of the unit, which resides today within the Pennsylvania Army National Guard. f 
RECOGNIZING THE UNIFORMED SERVICES UNIVERSITY Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Uni-formed Services University of the Health Sciences, USU, as the Nation’s first ‘‘National Stop the Bleed Cam-pus.’’ USU is located in Bethesda, MD and is one of our Nation’s greatest treas-ures. As our country’s only Federal health sciences university, USU edu-cates, trains, and prepares uniformed health professionals, scientists, and leaders to support the readiness of our Armed Forces. USU is a global leader in state-of-the-art research in trau-matic brain injury, posttraumatic stress disorder, precision medicine, re-habilitation and prosthetics, emerging infectious diseases, tropical medicine, and cancer, and its researchers gen-erate high-impact militarily relevant discoveries and products to protect the health of our Forces and strengthen the national health security of the United States. USU is leading efforts in a nation- wide ‘‘Stop the Bleed’’ campaign, launched by the White House on Octo-ber 6, 2015. This initiative involves sev-eral agencies, Federal and private enti-ties, public health groups, and medical societies working collaboratively to educate and empower our citizens on how to stop life-threatening hemor-rhage after traumatic injuries, such as car crashes, acts of violence, and nat-ural disasters. Today trauma is the leading cause of death in the U.S. for people between the ages of 1–40. Hem-orrhaging, in particular, accounts for almost 40 percent of deaths in the first 24 hours after a traumatic injury. ‘‘Stop the Bleed’’ aims to teach our citizens how to save lives from major traumatic events, just as a bystander would know how to use CPR to save someone in cardiac arrest. Through this campaign, the goal is to ensure that the general public knows the ‘‘Stop the Bleed’’ phrase and logo and has access to effective personal and public bleeding control kits that will allow even an untrained person to ef-fectively apply a tourniquet just by learning on the spot. ‘‘Stop the Bleed’’ directly translates important lessons learned on the bat-tlefield to benefit the American public and is based on a decade of research by the U.S. military. As our country faced a record number of vascular trauma and extremity injuries from high-ve-locity gunshot wounds and explosive devices during the wars in Iraq and Af-ghanistan, the U.S. military began to quickly reassess and revamp its tac-tical combat casualty care. They began to equip troops with individual first aid kits containing tourniquets and newly- developed hemostatic dressings to con-trol severe blood loss. Simultaneously, they revamped training to educate both our medical and nonmedical forces, emphasizing the importance of immediate recognition and control of blood loss with these newly designed tool kits. These efforts paid off. Mili-tary studies demonstrated that imme-diate control of severe blood loss, in fact, saved many lives on the battle-field. With this knowledge, the military joined forces with members of the Hartford Consensus, a committee formed in the wake of the tragic Sandy Hook school shooting. Together, they worked to push these vital lessons out to the public. That effort led to the White House’s launching the ‘‘Stop the Bleed’’ campaign. As part of this initiative, USU sent teams of its staff and students out into the community to educate the public on how to ‘‘Stop the Bleed.’’ Their re-searchers have published studies look-ing at the layperson’s ability to apply tourniquets and measuring which tac-tics are most effective for teaching the public how to apply tourniquets. They are conducting a study looking at the usability of several types of dressing to control severe blood loss in the hope of determining which would be easiest for the lay person to apply. USU research-ers have found that the layperson will know what to do to ‘‘Stop the Bleed’’ about 50 percent of the time with ‘‘just-in-time’’ training, learning on the spot. If they have just 15 minutes of web-based training, combined with ‘‘just-in-time training,’’ the success rate for applying tourniquets rises to 75 percent. USU researchers have taken the lead in this initiative and developed a mo-bile ‘‘Stop the Bleed’’ app for the pub-lic to use for education on how to stop severe blood loss and for emergency reference in case of a traumatic event that results in life-threatening bleed-ing. They have developed a website, https://stopthebleed.usuhs.edu, with in-formation and resources aimed at by-stander education and saving lives. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.031 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7046 November 15, 2018 
addition, the university has installed ‘‘Stop the Bleed’’ kits throughout every floor on its campus, both in Be-thesda and local satellite offices, and its regional offices in San Antonio, TX, and San Diego, CA. These kits contain tourniquets, instructions on how to apply them, and other lifesaving tools needed in an emergency. Because of their ongoing efforts to educate our Nation’s citizens about this lifesaving initiative, I would like to recognize USU as our Nation’s first ‘‘National Stop the Bleed Campus,’’ to encourage others across the country to follow in their footsteps and, ulti-mately, continue to improve national preparedness in response to traumatic events. Thank you. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOAN MIDDLETON Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, today, we honor and celebrate Joan Middleton’s commendable service to the Senate Employees’ Child Care Cen-ter. On September 30, 2018, Ms. Mid-dleton retired from the Center, where she worked as a floater assistant teach-er for no less than 32 years. She was an admired and respected member of the Senate Employees’ Child Care Center Team, her devotion to which was only rivaled by her love for the Washington Redskins. Ms. Middleton carried important re-sponsibilities at the center, including regularly assisting in each and every classroom, as well as supervising and closing the center each evening. She not only took these responsibilities se-riously, but went well beyond the es-sential tasks of her post. Her deep care for the community was palpable, as was evidenced by her consistent, inclu-sive, and thoughtful leadership. Without a doubt, Ms. Middleton played an integral role in each student and faculty member’s day. For the stu-dents, she prepared snacks and lunches every day. All faculty went to her for anything from a ballpoint pen to a safety pin, garnering her the name ‘‘Ms. Resource’’ among her colleagues. Whenever anyone had forgotten where to find something or where it belonged, Ms. Middleton knew. For over three decades, Ms. Mid-dleton was a compassionate adviser who shared her wisdom with the many faculty members she took the time to mentor. While her invaluable institu-tional knowledge will be missed in her absence, her kind, diligent commit-ment to the center will live on through those members she guided throughout her tenure. The Senate Employees’ Child Care center is deeply grateful for Ms. Middleton for all the positive ways she shaped the Center and enriched the lives of its students over these past 32 years. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS TRIBUTE TO CHLOE ADKINS ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Chloe for her hard work as an intern in my Cas-per office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Chloe is a native of South Dakota. She is a student at Casper College, where she is studying political science. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invalu-able asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great ef-forts over the last several months. I want to thank Chloe for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REATA BECK ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Reata for her hard work as an intern in my Cas-per office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Reata is a native of Albin. She is a student at Casper College, where she is studying political science. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Reata for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILL BRIERRE ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Will for his hard work as an intern in the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Will is a native of Oklahoma. He is a graduate student at the George Wash-ington University, where he is studying Environmental Resource Policy. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Will for the dedica-tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL FROEDGE ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Michael for his hard work as an intern in the Re-publican Policy Committee. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my of-fice, as well as to the State of Wyo-ming. Michael is a native of Indiana. He is a graduate of DePauw University, where he studied political science. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Michael for the dedi-cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO KATE MINIUM ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Kate for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Kate is a native of Virginia. She is a student at American University, where she is studying justice and law. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Kate for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELISA PRATHER ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Elisa for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Elisa is a native of California. She is a student at Cerritos College, where she is studying graphic design. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Elisa for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.017 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7047 November 15, 2018 
21ST HONOR FLIGHT NORTHERN COLORADO ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I stand here today to honor the distin-guished veterans of the Northern Colo-rado Honor Flight who have made their 21st and final flight to Washington, DC. The Colonel Stan Cass Memorial Flight, in honor of Northern Colorado Honor Flight’s founder, consisted of over 120 distinguished veterans. Military service is an exceptional duty to the country. Though these me-morials honor our veterans’ service, no statue or monument can truly express the level of gratitude we feel for the veterans who risked their lives for our rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. When the United States has been threatened, our veterans have stepped up and answered our country’s call without reservation or fear. Twice a year, veterans are able to travel to our Nation’s Capital, where we are able to recognize them for their selflessness, fortitude, and bravery. Thirteen years after the founding of the Honor Flight Program, it spans across our country and recognizes vet-erans from every generation and every branch. In the past decade, Honor Flight Northern Colorado alone was able to take almost 3,000 veterans to Washington, DC. Please join me in honoring the vet-erans of the 21st Honor Flight: Robert Hauser, Donald Reisner, Kenneth Sweeney, Philip Bell, Wilbur Doeksen, Edmund Giese, Jr., Orville Markham, Roy Nichols, Lawrence Powers, Wesley Te Winkle, Gloria Atteberry, Walter Babcock, Terrill Bashline, Roger Bates, James Beemer, Anthony Benavidez, Michael Bernard, Gary Blomenkamp, Roger Boltz, Donald Bonenberger, Jimmy Bracking, Richard Bryson, Ge-rard Bucknall, Bruce Cameron, Cecily Cass, Larry Chartier, Archie Cloud, Jr., William Corbett, Steven Crall, Gregory Cranston, Gary Crego, Gary Cyr Sr., Thomas Danton, Raymond Davis, David DeCamp, Raymond Delgado, Salvatore Delprete, Ronald Dickerhoff, Brian Donahue, Alvin Dorsey, Eugene Eddy, Richard Fischer, Norman Ful-ton, Gary Garrison, James Gerk, Wil-liam Gill III, Gregory Goettsch, Larry Goettsch, Allan Gott, Dallas Green-field, Dennis Hammonds, Rodney Han-sen, Gerald Henderson, James Her-nandez, Edwin Hollingsworth, Donald Holt, Michael Hughes, Kenneth Iliff, Foy Jolley Jr., Gary Jones, Thomas Keen, James Kennedy, Stephen Ken-nedy, James Kepler, David Kinion, Mark Kintzley, Galen Konken, Nich-olas Kricken, Donald Lambertson, Alec Leavitt, Roland Lei, Samuel Leighton, Robert Magnuson, Joseph Markham, Michael McCormick, Arthur Meek, Wayne Moeller, Juan Montoya, Marino Montoya, Charles Morgan, Richard Myron, Edward Nelson, Clayton Obland, John Ochoa, Dean Olson, Harleigh Peppler, Charles Powers, Al-bert Pribble, Rodger Price, Roger Ramsey, Paul Richmann, Kenneth Ricker, Robert Riggs, Philip Rouse, John Rowland, Robert Rowton, Steven Rylant, Rodolfo Sanchez, John Sanger, Martin Sattler, William Schenk, John Schroetlin, Kenneth Schroetlin, Don-ald Shaffer, Bert Smith, Gerald Smith, Robert Starck, William Starck, Duane Steinbrecher, Billy Thornton, Robert Tomlinson, Larry Torrez, Garlin Trower, Jr, Ernest Tyler, John Vaughn, Eugene Vigil, Antonio Villarreal, John Ward, Howard Willich, William Woods, Steve Zivicky, William Zoller, and Brian Ivers.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. DOTTY MERRILL ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Dr. Dotty Merrill for her work with the Nevada Association of School Boards. Dr. Merrill joined the association as executive director in Oc-tober 2006, bringing more than 35 years of national, State, and local edu-cational experience affecting K–12 schools and higher education. Dr. Merrill provides executive leader-ship to the Nevada Association of School Boards, which represents and serves 107 elected and appointed mem-bers of the governing boards in Ne-vada’s 17 school districts. Prior to join-ing the association, Merrill served as the superintendent of public policy, ac-countability, and assessment with the Washoe County School District, pro-viding policy and fiscal representation on behalf of the district in the Nevada Legislature from 1999 to 2005. Additionally, Dr. Merrill has dedi-cated her life and career to our State’s education system and has extensive ex-perience with charter schools, assess-ment to improve classroom instruc-tion, accountability, State and Federal requirements, and molding collabo-rative and cooperative relationships among educational communities. I also want to recognize that, before becoming a district-level adminis-trator, Merrill taught high school English for 15 years and served for 10 years as a high school administrator. As the husband of a teacher and father of four who attended Nevada’s public schools, I understand that our edu-cators have one of the most chal-lenging, important, and rewarding jobs, and I am extremely grateful for their work because I have seen firsthand the positive impact that high-caliber teachers have on their students. Dr. Merrill’s holds a doctorate in educational leadership from the Uni-versity of Nevada, Reno, a master of arts in English from the University of Nevada, Reno, and a bachelor of arts from the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville. She has also been pub-lished in several national education journals and currently serves on the editorial board for the National Asso-ciation of Secondary School Principals. We all know that a good education is the key to success and a better future, and as Nevada’s senior U.S. Senator, I commend Dr. Merrill’s dedication to our State’s education and academic achievement.∑ TRIBUTE TO ALBERT B. HEAD ∑Mr. JONES. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Albert B. Head, a native of Troy, AL. Al has done a great deal for the southeast and the country. His work has been particularly impactful in my home State of Alabama, and I would like to touch on just a few of his accomplishments today. Al earned his undergraduate degree from Troy State University, majoring in art history and aesthetics, was a star quarterback on Troy State’s 1968 NAIA national championship football team, and received his master of lib-eral arts with a concentration on southern literature from Auburn Uni-versity at Montgomery. In 1972, Al joined the Fine Arts Coun-cil of Florida and subsequently re-ceived a National Endowment for the Arts fellowship to attend Harvard’s Arts Administration Institute in 1974. He served as executive director at the Stephen Foster Folklife Center and the Louisiana Division of the Arts before becoming executive director of the Ala-bama State Council on the Arts, a posi-tion he has held with distinction since 1985. For more than 40 years as a director of three different cultural agencies and as a national arts leader, Al has advo-cated for the importance of the arts and the necessity of providing State support for the arts. He is the only State arts director to start folk arts programs in three States—Florida, Louisiana, and Alabama—and he has strived to show how important the folk and traditional arts are to defining and giving life to a community. Al served two terms on the National Assembly of State Arts Agencies board and in 1998 received the Gary Young Award from that organization for his leadership and achievements in pro-moting the arts nationally. Al has also served as a member of the South Arts board for 38 years, presiding as its chair from 1983–85. Al established the Alabama Center for Traditional Culture as a division of the Alabama Council on the Arts dedi-cated to research and presentation of the State’s cultural traditions. In 1999, he received the Alumnus of the Year Award from Troy University National Alumni Association and in 2008 re-ceived the Distinguished Leadership Award created by Troy University to recognize an alumnus who has rendered outstanding service to the university and the public. In 2012, he received the National Her-itage Fellowship Bess Lomax Hawes Award from the National Endowment for the Arts recognizing his significant contributions to the preservation and awareness of cultural heritage. Al has developed a reputation as one of the foremost arts agency directors in the Nation, has led the Alabama State Council on the Arts through a period of tremendous growth and ac-complishment and has served as a men-tor and champion for arts organiza-tions and artists across the State of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.030 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7048 November 15, 2018 
Alabama. He will be celebrated in Montgomery on December 6, 2018, and I want to add my voice to the many oth-ers thanking him for his work. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RED ARNDT ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Red Arndt of Luverne, MN, for his many years of leadership to the Lewis & Clark Re-gional Water System and his commit-ment to providing safe water to rural America. He became the public utilities direc-tor of Luverne, MN, in 1989 and soon heard about a proposal to bring water from the Missouri River in South Da-kota to the surrounding States. At that time, many people believed it would be too expensive and could not be done. However, Red believed it was possible and needed more research and more support. He recommended that Luverne become one of the first members of the organization that would become the Lewis and Clark Regional Water sys-tem. The city council and mayor ap-proved, and the dream of delivering safe and reliable water to rural towns and farms took its first step forward. It became Red’s mission to make that dream come true. He became one of the only two origi-nal directors from 1990 who are still on the project’s board and proudly shov-eled the first dirt when construction began in 2003. Over the years, he made hundreds of trips to county, city, and community meetings and to legislatures in several States. He also took over 60 trips to Washington, DC. He would not let the dream die. He has worked vigorously for the project. He was vice-chairman of the board beginning in 1994 until becoming the board chairman in 2006. He is still the chairman. Because Red refused to let the Lewis & Clark project die, 14 member commu-nities and rural water projects are re-ceiving water through over 200 miles of pipeline for over 300,000 people across South Dakota, Minnesota, and Iowa. He has helped secure over $470 million in funding for Lewis & Clark. Red’s incredible dedication was seen when he participated in the ribbon-cut-ting ceremony for the water treatment plant in August, 2012. It was only 2 weeks after Red had open-heart sur-gery. At the ceremony, he was honored with the Lewis & Clark Trailblazer Award, which is the organization’s highest honor. In May 2016, Luverne was connected to Lewis & Clark, and Red was given the honor of taking the first drink of water from the new system that he had worked so hard to create. The meter building in Luverne was also named in his honor. When Red is thanked for all of his hard work, he always says it was not him, but a true team effort, but every-one involved will tell you that Red’s determination and leadership was the bedrock that led to success. I am one of those 300,000 people who are grateful for his dedication, and I am proud to call him my friend. I commend Red Arndt for his many great contributions and wish him the best as he continues to make the most out of the life God has given. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:02 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 6666. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to grant to States and local governments easements and rights-of- way over Federal land within Gateway Na-tional Recreation Area for construction, op-eration, and maintenance of projects for con-trol and prevention of flooding and shoreline erosion. f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED The following bill was discharged from the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3460. An act to designate the United States courthouse located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Carolina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
S. 3649. A bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7032. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Cyantraniliprole: Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9985–32) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7033. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fludioxonil: Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9985–75) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7034. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Tin Oxide; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9982–73) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–7035. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Azoxystrobin; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9985–45) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7036. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Raisins Produced From Grapes Grown in California; Order Amending Marketing Order No. 989’’ ((7 CFR Part 989) (Docket No. AMS–SC–16– 0011; SC16–989–1)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7037. A joint communication from the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, transmitting a re-quest relative to issuing a travel restriction on senior officials’ travel to Yemen effective November 1, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7038. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the con-tinuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 12170 of November 14, 1979, with respect to Iran; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7039. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the con-tinuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 12938 of November 14, 1994, with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruc-tion; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7040. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the Central African Republic that was declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7041. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Syria that was declared in Executive Order 13338 of May 11, 2004; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7042. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.034 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7049 November 15, 2018 
Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Iranian Trans-actions and Sanctions Regulations’’ (31 CFR Part 560) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7043. A communication from the Sec-retary, Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to Rules 600, 605, and 606 of Regulation National Market System’’ (RIN3235–AL67) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7044. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Addi-tion of an Entity to the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AH67) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7045. A communication from the Sec-retary, Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Modernization of Property Disclosures for Mining Reg-istrants’’ (RIN3235–AL81) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 13, 2018; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7046. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Sustainability Performance Office, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Department’s Fleet Alter-native Fuel Vehicle Acquisition Report for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7047. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances; Withdrawal’’ (FRL No. 9986–15) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7048. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to Testing Regulations for Air Emission Sources’’ (FRL No. 9986–42) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7049. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Prevention of Significant Deteriora-tion (PSD) and Nonattainment New Source Review (NNSR): Aggregation; Reconsider-ation’’ (FRL No. 9986–47) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 13, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7050. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Outer Continental Shelf Air Regula-tions; Consistency Update for Massachu-setts’’ (FRL No. 9983–52– Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7051. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Arizona Air Plan; Hay-den Lead Nonattainment Area Plan for the 2008 Lead Standard ‘‘ (FRL No. 9986–31–Re-gion 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7052. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Utah: Approval of State Underground Storage Tank Program Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9982–18–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7053. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, an update to the report entitled ‘‘Social Security Number Fraud Prevention Act of 2017 Initial Report to Congress - June 2018’’; to the Committees on Finance; and Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7054. A communication from the Chief Privacy Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, an update to the report entitled ‘‘Social Secu-rity Number Fraud Prevention Act Report to Congress’’; to the Committees on Finance; and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7055. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2019 Limitations Adjusted as Provided in Section 415(d), etc.’’ (Notice 2018–83) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7056. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tax Return Pre-parer Due Diligence Penalty under Section 6695(g)’’ (RIN1545–BO63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7057. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; End-Stage Renal Dis-ease Prospective Payment System, et al.’’ ((RIN0938–AT28) (CMS–1691-F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7058. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Revisions to Payment Policies under the Physician Fee Schedule and Other Revisions to Part B for CY 2019, et al.’’ ((RIN0938–AT31, RIN0938–AT13, and RIN0938–AT45) (CMS–1693-F, CMS–1693-IFC, CMS–5522-F3, and CMS–1701-F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7059. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2018–0176 - 2018–0190); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7060. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms, parts, and components abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions Lists of rifles and pistols to Peru for commercial resale in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18– 042); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7061. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Assets for Independence Program - Status at the Con-clusion of the Seventeenth Year, Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7062. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2014 Report to Congress on Community Services Block Grant Discretionary Activi-ties - Community Economic Development and Rural Community Development Pro-grams’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7063. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Termination of Listing of Color Additive Exempt from Certification; Lead Acetate’’ ((21 CFR Part 73) (Docket No. FDA–2017–C–1951)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7064. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Listing of Color Additives Exempt from Certification; Synthetic Iron Oxide’’ ((21 CFR Part 73) (Docket No. FDA– 2017–C–6238)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7065. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Moral Exemptions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services under the Affordable Care Act’’ ((RIN0938– AT46) (CMS–9925-F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7066. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Religious Exemptions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services under the Affordable Care Act’’ ((RIN0938– AT54) (CMS–9940-F2)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7067. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Adminis-trator, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7068. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.051 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7050 November 15, 2018 
Year 2015 Report to Congress on Administra-tion of the Tribal Self-Governance Pro-gram’’; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–7069. A communication from the Direc-tor, Executive Office for Immigration Re-view, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Aliens Subject to a Bar on Entry under Sec-tions 212(f) or 215(a) (1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act; Procedures for Protec-tion Claims’’ (RIN1125–AA89) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 13, 2018; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–7070. A communication from the Chair-man, Board of Trustees, and the President, John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Center’s consolidated finan-cial statements, supplemental schedules of operations, and independent auditor’s report for years ended October 1, 2017, and October 2, 2016, and a report relative to the Center’s schedule of expenditures of federal awards and independent auditor’s reports for the year ended October 1, 2017; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. EC–7071. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Attorney Gen-eral’s Fourth Quarterly Report of Fiscal Year 2018’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with amendments: S. 2062. A bill to require the Secretary of Agriculture to convey at market value cer-tain National Forest System land in the State of Arizona (Rept. No. 115–366). S. 2297. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain National For-est System land to Custer County, South Da-kota (Rept. No. 115–367). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 2831. A bill to redesignate Golden Spike National Historic Site and to establish the Transcontinental Railroad Network (Rept. No. 115–368). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 132. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and ap-purtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Okla-homa, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–369). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: H.R. 4895. To establish the Medgar Evers Home National Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–370). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 2876. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to provide for the study of the Pike National Historic Trail (Rept. No. 115– 371). By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works: Report to accompany S. 593, A bill to amend the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Res-toration Act to facilitate the establishment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States (Rept. No. 115–372). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 685. A bill to authorize the Dry- Redwater Regional Water Authority System and the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water Sys-tem in the States of Montana and North Da-kota, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 373). f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-nance. Gail S. Ennis, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Social Security Administration. Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation for a term of five years. *Andrew M. Saul, of New York, to be Com-missioner of Social Security for the term ex-piring January 19, 2019. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Kim Gaffney, of Wisconsin, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Wisconsin for the term of four years. Bradley Jay LaRose, of Vermont, to be United States Marshal for the District of Vermont for the term of four years. Douglas J. Strike, of Iowa, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Iowa for the term of four years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R UBIO, and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 3628. A bill to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. KENNEDY: S. 3629. A bill to require State agencies to use Federal tax return information to verify income eligibility for Medicaid, the Tem-porary Assistance for Needy Families pro-gram, and the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 3630. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to prohibit sewage dumping into the Great Lakes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. K
AINE): S. 3631. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to improve the transportation infrastructure finance and innovation (TIFIA) program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. BOOKER ): S. 3632. A bill to provide that the special service obligations of a licensee under sec-tion 331(a) of the Communications Act of 1934 shall continue to apply even if the licensee changes from a very high frequency station to an ultra high frequency station; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): S. 3633. A bill to require the consumer re-porting agencies provide small business cred-it protections; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. KYL: S. 3634. A bill to authorize, direct, expe-dite, and facilitate a land exchange in Bull-head City, Arizona, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 3635. A bill to reauthorize the Second Chance Act of 2007; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, Mr. C ASEY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 3636. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide matching pay-ments for retirement savings contributions by certain individuals; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. WYDEN: S. 3637. A bill to amend the Richard B. Rus-sell National School Lunch Act to establish a program for the procurement of domesti-cally grown unprocessed fruits and vegeta-bles to provide healthier school meals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. KYL: S. 3638. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of tax on estates, gifts, and generation-skipping trans-fers; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , and Mr. U DALL ): S. 3639. A bill to prohibit the circumven-tion of control measures used by Internet re-tailers to ensure equitable consumer access to products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. SANDERS: S. 3640. A bill to prohibit certain large business entities from purchasing the securi-ties of those entities on national securities exchanges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, and Mrs. C APITO ): S. 3641. A bill to enhance efforts to combat human trafficking in connection with the catching and processing of seafood products imported into the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. KYL: S. 3642. A bill to require the Secretary of Agriculture to release reversionary and re-served interests in certain land in the Coconino National Forest in the State of Ar-izona; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG: S. 3643. A bill to transfer a bridge over the Wabash River to the States of Illinois and Indiana, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. J ONES , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. J
OHNSON , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. E NZI, and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.053 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7051 November 15, 2018 
S. 3644. A bill to authorize a special re-source study on the spread vectors of chronic wasting disease in Cervidae, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 3645. A bill to extend the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. BLUNT: S. 3646. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to accept certain properties in the State of Missouri; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. 3647. A bill to allow airport projects to be eligible to participate in the TIFIA pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. N ELSON , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 3648. A bill to provide tax relief for the victims of Hurricane Florence, Hurricane Michael, and certain California wildfires; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. L EE, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. L
EAHY , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , and Mr. C OONS ): S. 3649. A bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes; read the first time. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. 3650. A bill to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to revise the shareholder threshold for registration under that Act for issuers that receive support through certain Federal universal service support mecha-nisms, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. HATCH: S. 3651. A bill to require the Attorney Gen-eral to study the effectiveness of retail theft rehabilitation programs and to clarify that such programs are permissible under Federal law; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. R EED, Mr. G RAHAM , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Ms. C OLLINS ): S. 3652. A bill to support the peaceful reso-lution of the civil war in Yemen, to address the resulting humanitarian crisis, and to hold the perpetrators responsible for mur-dering a Saudi dissident; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. YOUNG: S. 3653. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to provide that certain coal-fired power plants are eligible for loan guarantees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 3654. A bill to amend the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994, to avoid the duplication of public diplomacy programs and efforts, to improve the re-search and evaluation of public diplomacy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. W ICKER ): S. 3655. A bill to deter criminal robocall violations and improve enforcement of sec-tion 227(b) of the Communications Act of 1934, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. P AUL, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. R EED, Mr. P ORTMAN , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Res. 688. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of November 19 through November 23, 2018, as ‘‘National Family Service Learning Week’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. SCHUMER: S. Res. 689. A resolution acknowledging the 50th anniversary of the election to the House of Representatives of Shirley Anita St. Hill Chisholm, the first African-American woman in Congress; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. HATCH: S. Res. 690. A resolution affirming the im-portance of the Orphan Drug Act, applauding the life-saving accomplishments of the Act during its 35-year history, and recognizing the need to continue support for research and development of new therapies for rare diseases; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. S MITH): S. Res. 691. A resolution reaffirming the centrality of press freedom and freedom of expression to democracy in the United States and to international peace and sta-bility; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. E
NZI, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. E RNST , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ATCH , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. R OBERTS , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. R
UBIO, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. S COTT, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. K ING, Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. Res. 692. A resolution recognizing No-vember 24, 2018, as ‘‘Small Business Satur-day’’ and celebrating the vital role of small businesses, along with the efforts of the Small Business Administration, to help peo-ple in the United States start, build, and grow businesses; considered and agreed to. By Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mrs. C
APITO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. C OLLINS , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. F ISCH-
ER, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. R OUNDS , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S COTT, and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. Res. 693. A resolution celebrating Octo-ber 25, 2018, as the 30th anniversary of the passage of the Women’s Business Ownership Act of 1988, while commending the unique entrepreneurial spirit shared by women small business owners of the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHU-MER, Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C AS-
SIDY, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. K YL, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W AR-
NER, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. Res. 694. A resolution condemning the horrific, anti-Semitic attack at a synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, expressing sup-port and prayers for all those affected by the tragedy, and applauding the dedication and bravery of law enforcement and emergency response officials in responding to the at-tack; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C OONS , Ms. S MITH, Ms. H
ASSAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. K AINE, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. H EINRICH ): S. Res. 695. A resolution designating the week beginning November 12, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Apprenticeship Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. Res. 696. A resolution permitting the collection of clothing, toys, food, and housewares during the holiday season for charitable purposes in Senate buildings; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. S
COTT): S. Res. 697. A resolution designating No-vember 2018 as ‘‘National College Applica-tion Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. H
EIN-
RICH, Mr. E NZI, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. T HUNE , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. H
ATCH , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. Res. 698. A resolution designating No-vember 3, 2018, as National Bison Day; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. Res. 699. A resolution designating No-vember 25, 2018, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday’’; considered and agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.057 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7052 November 15, 2018 
By Mr. M CCONNELL: S. Res. 700. A resolution relative to the death of the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Hud-dleston, former United States Senator for the Commonwealth of Kentucky; considered and agreed to. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. C
APITO , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. I NHOFE , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. B OOZMAN ): S. Res. 701. A resolution designating No-vember 15, 2018, as ‘‘National GIS Day’’; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. R OUNDS , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. U DALL , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. K
ING): S. Res. 702. A resolution recognizing Na-tional Native American Heritage Month and celebrating the heritages and cultures of Na-tive Americans and the contributions of Na-tive Americans to the United States; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ): S. Res. 703. A resolution expressing support for the goals of Stomach Cancer Awareness Month; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. THUNE: S. Con. Res. 51. A concurrent resolution to correct the enrollment of S. 140; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. Con. Res. 52. A concurrent resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Security Consultative Meeting between the Republic of Korea and the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 194 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 194, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish a public health insurance option, and for other purposes. 
S. 262 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 262, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the section 45 credit for refined coal from steel industry fuel, and for other purposes. 
S. 352 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 352, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Master Sergeant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Ed-monds in recognition of his heroic ac-tions during World War II. 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to elimi-nate the five month waiting period for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. S. 445 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 469 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 469, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for the importation of affordable and safe drugs by wholesale distributors, pharmacies, and individuals. 
S. 477 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 477, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Fed-eral congenital heart disease research and surveillance efforts and to improve public education and awareness of con-genital heart disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive co-insurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 568, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a pe-riod of receipt of outpatient observa-tion services in a hospital toward satis-fying the 3-day inpatient hospital re-quirement for coverage of skilled nurs-ing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 662 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 662, a bill to provide incentives for hate crime reporting, grants for State- run hate crime hotlines, a Federal pri-vate right of action for victims of hate crimes, and additional penalties for in-dividuals convicted under the Matthew Shephard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act. 
S. 774 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 774, a bill to address the psycho-logical, developmental, social, and emotional needs of children, youth, and families who have experienced trauma, and for other purposes. S. 796 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 796, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer-provided education assistance to employer pay-ments of student loans. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. K
YL) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 802, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achievements and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 1063 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1063, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish direct care registered nurse-to-patient staff-ing ratio requirements in hospitals, and for other purposes. 
S. 1109 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1109, a bill to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to ex-tend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse spe-cialist programs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum pe-riod, to eliminate disparities in mater-nal health outcomes for pregnancy-re-lated and pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1922 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1922, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain- capable unborn children, and for other purposes. 
S. 1942 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1942, a bill to direct the Attor-ney General to review, revise, and de-velop law enforcement and justice pro-tocols appropriate to address missing and murdered Indians, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.059 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7053 November 15, 2018 
S. 2171 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2171, a bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to set the rate of pay for employees of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection in ac-cordance with the General Schedule. 
S. 2259 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2259, a bill to establish certain du-ties for pharmacies to ensure provision of Food and Drug Administration-ap-proved contraception, medication re-lated to contraception, and for other purposes. 
S. 2387 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cosponsors of S. 2387, a bill to provide better care and outcomes for Ameri-cans living with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias and their care-givers while accelerating progress to-ward prevention strategies, disease modifying treatments, and, ultimately, a cure. 
S. 2961 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2961, a bill to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. 
S. 3050 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3050, a bill to improve executive agency digital services, and for other purposes. 
S. 3517 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3517, a bill to limit the use of funds for kinetic military operations in or against Iran. 
S. 3622 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3622, a bill to condemn gross human rights violations of ethnic Turkic Mus-lims in Xinjiang, and calling for an end to arbitrary detention, torture, and harassment of these communities in-side and outside China. 
S. 3624 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3624, a bill to reduce the ability of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to engage in inappropriate civil immigration en-forcement actions that harm unaccom-panied alien children and to ensure the safety and welfare of unaccompanied alien children. 
S. 3626 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. CASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3626, a bill to prohibit and prevent seclusion and to prevent and reduce the use of physical restraint in schools, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. K
AINE): S. 3631. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to improve the transportation infrastructure finance and innovation (TIFIA) program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3631 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Revitalizing American Priorities for Infrastructure De-velopment Act’’ or the ‘‘RAPID Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE FI-NANCE AND INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY .—Section 602(a)(2) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(iv)— (A) by striking ‘‘a rating’’ and inserting ‘‘an investment-grade rating’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘$75,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$150,000,000’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘the senior debt’’ and in-serting ‘‘senior debt’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘credit instrument is for an amount less than $75,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘total amount of other senior debt and the Federal credit instrument is less than $150,000,000’’. (b) S
TREAMLINED APPLICATION PROCESS .— Section 603(f) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL TERMS FOR EXPEDITED DE -
CISIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Secretary shall implement an ex-pedited decision timeline for public agency borrowers seeking secured loans that meet— ‘‘(i) the terms under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) the additional criteria described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL CRITERIA .—The additional criteria referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) are the following: ‘‘(i) The secured loan is made on terms and conditions that substantially conform to the conventional terms and conditions estab-lished by the National Surface Transpor-tation Innovative Finance Bureau. ‘‘(ii) The secured loan is rated in the A cat-egory or higher. ‘‘(iii) The TIFIA program share of eligible project costs is 33 percent or less. ‘‘(iv) The applicant demonstrates a reason-able expectation that the contracting proc-ess for the project can commence by not later than 90 days after the date on which a Federal credit instrument is obligated for the project under the TIFIA program. ‘‘(v) The project has received a categorical exclusion, a finding of no significant impact, or a record of decision under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(C) WRITTEN NOTICE .—The Secretary shall provide to an applicant seeking a secured loan under the expedited decision process under this paragraph a written notice in-forming the applicant whether the Secretary has approved or disapproved the application by not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the appli-cant a letter indicating that the National Surface Transportation Innovative Finance Bureau has commenced the creditworthiness review of the project.’’. (c) S
TATUS REPORTS .—Section 609 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
TATUS REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pub-lish on the website for the TIFIA program— ‘‘(A) on a monthly basis, a current status report on all submitted letters of interest and applications received for assistance under the TIFIA program; and ‘‘(B) on a quarterly basis, a current status report on all approved applications for as-sistance under the TIFIA program. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Each monthly and quar-terly status report under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, with respect to each project included in the status report— ‘‘(A) the name of the party submitting the letter of interest or application; ‘‘(B) the name of the project; ‘‘(C) the date on which the letter of inter-est or application was received; ‘‘(D) the estimated project eligible costs; ‘‘(E) the type of credit assistance sought; and ‘‘(F) the anticipated fiscal year and quar-ter for closing of the credit assistance.’’. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , and Mr. C ARDIN ): S. 3636. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide match-ing payments for retirement savings contributions by certain individuals; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I have introduced the Encouraging Americans to Save Act (EASA). This legislation makes common sense re-forms to the saver’s tax credit by mak-ing the credit refundable and restruc-turing it as a government matching contribution that is directly deposited into a worker’s retirement savings ac-count. This bill would offer matching contributions for the first time to mil-lions of middle and lower income indi-viduals not covered by an employer- sponsored retirement plan, including those who save through an IRA under a State or local government savings pro-gram—such as OregonSaves. The gov-ernment match is also available to middle and lower income savers who participate in an employer-sponsored plan. The government match provided by the bill would both encourage sav-ing and help middle and low income earners build assets by providing an immediate, meaningful return on their personal contributions. The legislation would also require the Treasury De-partment to reestablish the Obama ad-ministration’s MyRA program, as IRAs established under that program would serve as the default account to hold government matching contributions in case a saver’s retirement plan or IRA is unable to accept the government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.061 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7054 November 15, 2018 
matching contribution. I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. 
By Mr. WYDEN: S. 3637. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to establish a program for the procure-ment of domestically grown unproc-essed fruits and vegetables to provide healthier school meals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I am introducing the Local School Foods Expansion Act to establish a perma-nent program that will provide schools with locally-grown, unprocessed fruits and vegetables. Hunger is a huge problem in Oregon, and this pain has a huge impact in schools. In Oregon, one in four children experience food insecurity and they face a great challenge keeping up with learning on empty stomachs. I have supported Federal school lunch pro-grams for many years, and I strongly believe that the best programs rely on local producers and make an effort to ensure lunches are healthy and nutri-tious. The Local School Foods Expansion Act is a common sense approach to child nutrition that empowers children while strengthening the local economy and contributing to vibrant commu-nities. The bill amends the National School Lunch Program to make perma-nent a program that increases opportu-nities for lunch programs to procure lo-cally-grown, unprocessed fruits and vegetables. The bill directs the Sec-retary of Agriculture to expand the very successful pilot procurement pro-grams to at least 15 States, and con-tains a mandatory appropriation of nine million dollars in each fiscal year from 2019 to 2023. No child should be hungry in school, and it’s critical that their meals con-tain nutritious fruits and vegetables. At the same time, we must work to maintain domestic production of fruits and vegetables by ensuring that hard-working farmers have a fair and reli-able market for their produce. The Local School Foods Expansion Act tackles both objectives by providing hungry kids with local, unprocessed fruits and vegetables. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD as follows: 
S. 3637 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Local School Foods Expansion Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROGRAM FOR PROCUREMENT OF DO-MESTICALLY GROWN UNPROCESSED FRUITS AND VEGETABLES. 
Section 6(f) of the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1755(f)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
ILOT PROJECT FOR PROCUREMENT OF ’’ and inserting ‘‘PROGRAM FOR PROCUREMENT OF  D
OMESTICALLY GROWN ’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘pilot project’’ and insert-ing ‘‘program (referred to in this subsection as the ‘program’)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘conduct’’ and inserting ‘‘carry out’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘domestically grown’’ be-fore ‘‘unprocessed’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘more than 8’’ and insert-ing ‘‘less than 15’’; (3) by striking ‘‘pilot project’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘program’’; (4) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘do-mestically grown’’ before ‘‘unprocessed’’; (5) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the demonstrated ability of the States to competitively procure domestically grown unprocessed fruits and vegetables.’’; (6) in paragraph (5)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘R
ECORDKEEPING AND REPORTING ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘R
ECORDKEEPING , REPORTING , AND EVAL -
UATION ’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the challenges and opportunities pre-sented by the program in the State.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this subpara-graph, the Secretary shall evaluate the im-pact of the program, including with respect to— ‘‘(I) the quantity and cost of each type of unprocessed fruit and vegetable procured by each State under the program; ‘‘(II) the benefit of the procured unproc-essed fruits and vegetables to school food service in each State, including the benefit to meeting school meal requirements; and ‘‘(III) the economic impact of the program on agricultural producers in the State. ‘‘(ii) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes the results of the evaluation conducted under clause (i) and an analysis of that evaluation.’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—There is appro-priated to carry out this subsection $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(B) R
ESERVATION .—Of the funds appro-priated under subparagraph (A) for each fis-cal year, $10,000,000 shall be reserved for States selected under the program under paragraph (1) to carry out the activities de-scribed in subparagraph (C)(i). ‘‘(C) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS ; TECHNICAL AS -
SISTANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The funds reserved under subparagraph (B) shall be used— ‘‘(I) for the administrative costs of car-rying out the program; and ‘‘(II) to provide technical assistance and outreach to vendors to become certified to participate in the program. ‘‘(ii) M
INIMUM ALLOTMENT .—Of the funds re-served under subparagraph (B), each State selected under paragraph (3)(A) shall receive not less than $300,000 for each fiscal year dur-ing which the State participates in the pro-gram.’’. f SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 688—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE WEEK OF NOVEMBER 19 THROUGH NOVEM-BER 23, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL FAM-ILY SERVICE LEARNING WEEK’’ Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, Mr. P AUL, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. R
EED, Mr. P ORTMAN , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 688 Whereas family service learning is a meth-od under which children and families learn and solve problems together in a multi- generational approach with active participa-tion in thoughtfully organized service that— (1) is conducted in, and meets the needs of, their communities; (2) is focused on children and families solv-ing community issues together; (3) requires the application of college and career readiness skills by children and rel-evant workforce training skills by adults; and (4) is coordinated between the community and an elementary school, a secondary school, an institution of higher education, or a family community service program; Whereas family service learning— (1) is multi-generational learning that in-volves parents, children, caregivers, and ex-tended family members in shared learning experiences in physical and digital environ-ments; (2) is integrated into and enhances the aca-demic achievement of children or the edu-cational components of a family service pro-gram in which families may be enrolled; and (3) promotes skills (such as investigation, planning, and preparation), action, reflec-tion, the demonstration of results, and sus-tainability; Whereas family service learning has been shown to have positive 2-generational effects and encourages families to invest in their communities to improve economic and soci-etal well-being; Whereas, through family service learning, children and families have the opportunity to solve community issues and learn to-gether, thereby enabling the development of life and career skills, such as flexibility and adaptability, initiative and self-direction, social and cross-cultural skills, productivity and accountability, and leadership and re-sponsibility; Whereas family service learning activities provide opportunities for families to improve essential skills, such as organization, re-search, planning, reading and writing, tech-nological literacy, teamwork, and sharing; Whereas families participating together in service are afforded quality time learning about their communities; Whereas adults engaged in family service learning serve as positive role models for their children; Whereas family service learning projects enable families to build substantive connec-tions with their communities, develop a stronger sense of self-worth, experience a re-duction in social isolation, and improve par-enting skills; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.067 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7055 November 15, 2018 
Whereas family service learning has added benefits for English language learners by helping individuals and families to— (1) feel more connected with their commu-nities; and (2) practice language skills; Whereas family service learning is particu-larly important for at-risk families because family service learning— (1) provides opportunities for leadership and civic engagement; and (2) helps build the capacity to advocate for the needs of children and families; and Whereas the value that parents place on civic engagement and relationships within the community has been shown to transfer to children who, in turn, replicate important values, such as responsibility, empathy, and caring for others: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of the week of November 19 through November 23, 2018, as ‘‘National Family Service Learning Week’’ to raise public awareness about the impor-tance of family service learning, family lit-eracy, community service, and 2- generational learning experiences; (2) encourages people across the United States to support family service learning and community development programs; (3) recognizes the importance that family service learning plays in cultivating family literacy, civic engagement, and community investment; and (4) calls upon public, private, and nonprofit entities to support family service learning opportunities to aid in the advancement of families. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 689—AC-KNOWLEDGING THE 50TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE ELECTION TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES OF SHIRLEY ANITA ST. HILL CHISHOLM, THE FIRST AF-RICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN IN CONGRESS Mr. SCHUMER submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 689 Whereas November 5, 2018, marks the 50th anniversary of the election to the House of Representatives of Shirley Anita St. Hill Chisholm, the first African-American woman in Congress; Whereas Shirley Anita St. Hill was born in Brooklyn, New York, on November 30, 1924, to Caribbean immigrant parents, Charles and Ruby Seale St. Hill; Whereas Shirley Chisholm graduated from Brooklyn College in 1946 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in sociology and from Columbia University in 1952 with a Master of Arts de-gree in early childhood education; Whereas Shirley Chisholm was the second African American elected to the New York State Legislature in 1964 and served honor-ably until 1968; Whereas Shirley Chisholm overcame the twin obstacles of racism and sexism to win election to the House of Representatives in 1968; Whereas Congresswoman Chisholm served 7 terms as a Member of Congress, from 1969 until 1983; Whereas Congresswoman Chisholm was a fierce critic of the seniority system in Con-gress, protested her assignment in 1969 to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives, and won reassignment to a congressional committee on which she could better serve her inner-city district in Brook-lyn, New York; Whereas, after serving on the Committee on Education and Labor of the House of Rep-resentatives for several years, Congress-woman Chisholm accepted a prestigious seat on the Committee on Rules of the House of Representatives, becoming the first African American and second woman ever to serve on the powerful committee; Whereas, in 1972, Congresswoman Chisholm was the first woman and the first African American to seek a nomination from a major political party for President of the United States, which she sought on the Democratic ticket; Whereas Congresswoman Chisholm cam-paigned in the presidential primaries of 12 States, won 28 delegates, and received 152 first-ballot votes at the national convention for the nomination of the Democratic Party for the office of President of the United States; Whereas Congresswoman Chisholm was a trailblazer, who fought tirelessly to end the draft and the Vietnam War; Whereas Congresswoman Chisholm fought to end apartheid in South Africa; Whereas Congresswoman Chisholm spoke fluent Spanish and fought for immigrant rights; Whereas Congresswoman Chisholm was a progressive champion for struggling fami-lies; Whereas Congresswoman Chisholm was a tireless advocate for women’s employment in Congress and for civil rights, women’s rights, and the poor; Whereas Congresswoman Chisholm worked to expand the Food Stamp Program (later re-named as the Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program) and was instrumental in the establishment of the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (commonly known as ‘‘WIC’’); Whereas Congresswoman Chisholm was a cofounder of the Congressional Black Caucus in 1971; Whereas Congresswoman Chisholm served as the Secretary of the House Democratic Caucus; Whereas Shirley Chisholm was a cofounder of the National Organization for Women; Whereas Congresswoman Chisholm retired honorably from Congress in 1983; Whereas, in addition to her service as a legislator, Shirley Chisholm worked to im-prove society as a nursery school teacher, a director of a childcare facility, a consultant for the New York Department of Social Serv-ices, and an educator; Whereas, from 1983 to 1987, Shirley Chis-holm taught sociology and politics at Mount Holyoke College; Whereas, in 1993, President Bill Clinton nominated Shirley Chisholm to serve as United States Ambassador to Jamaica, but her health prevented her from accepting the position; Whereas, in 1993, Shirley Chisholm was in-ducted into the National Women’s Hall of Fame; Whereas, on January 1, 2005, Shirley Chis-holm died at the age of 80 in Ormond Beach, Florida; Whereas, in 2014, the United States Postal Service issued the Shirley Chisholm Forever Stamp as part of the Black Heritage stamp series; Whereas, on November 24, 2015, Shirley Chisholm was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the coun-try’s highest civilian honor; Whereas, on June 12, 2001, the House of Representatives unanimously agreed to H. Res. 97, recognizing the enduring contribu-tions and heroic achievements of Shirley Chisholm; and Whereas Shirley Chisholm was an ‘‘unbossed and unbought’’ woman, who not only pioneered the way for minorities and women, but also embodied the true defini-tion of leadership which transcends the po-litical arena: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) acknowledges the 50th anniversary of the election to the House of Representatives of Shirley Anita St. Hill Chisholm, the first African-American woman in Congress; (2) pays tribute to the service of Congress-woman Chisholm, her work to improve the lives of women and minorities, her steadfast commitment to demonstrating the power of compassion, and her dedication to justice and equality; (3) recognizes the dedicated work of Con-gressman Chisholm in promoting the rights of all individuals in the United States, par-ticularly in the areas of education, employ-ment, and health care; and (4) appreciates the extraordinary work of Congressman Chisholm, the example of her life, and her legacy which have inspired and empowered many to devote their lives to public service. f SENATE RESOLUTION 690—AFFIRM-ING THE IMPORTANCE OF THE ORPHAN DRUG ACT, APPLAUD-ING THE LIFE-SAVING ACCOM-PLISHMENTS OF THE ACT DUR-ING ITS 35-YEAR HISTORY, AND RECOGNIZING THE NEED TO CON-TINUE SUPPORT FOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF NEW THERAPIES FOR RARE DISEASES Mr. HATCH submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 690 Whereas 30,000,000 people in the United States, or nearly 1 out of every 10 individuals in the United States, live with at least 1 of more than 7,000 known rare diseases; Whereas, in 1983, the Orphan Drug Act (Public Law 97–414; 96 Stat. 2049) was enacted to provide research and development incen-tives to encourage the development of new therapies for diseases affecting less than 200,000 people in the United States; Whereas, in the 10 years prior to the enact-ment of the Orphan Drug Act, only 10 thera-pies for rare diseases were developed by pri-vate industry and approved for patients; Whereas, since the enactment of the Or-phan Drug Act, research and development of therapies for rare diseases has resulted in more than 650 new therapies for rare dis-eases; Whereas experts estimate that without the tax credit for testing expenses for drugs for rare diseases, known as the ‘‘Orphan Drug Tax Credit’’, one of the incentives of the Or-phan Drug Act, at least 
1⁄3of those new therapies would likely not have been devel-oped; Whereas the Orphan Drug Act continues to lead to increased research and successful therapeutic development along the full range of rare diseases, including the rarest dis-eases; Whereas new therapies for rare diseases benefit the individuals affected by such dis-eases through increased life expectancy and improved quality of life; Whereas new therapies for rare diseases benefit society through increased produc-tivity of the individuals affected by such dis-eases and a potential decline in the resources devoted to health care, disability, caregiving, and related spending; and Whereas, despite the success of the Orphan Drug Act, only approximately 5 percent of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.069 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7056 November 15, 2018 
the more than 7,000 identified rare diseases have at least one treatment option approved by the Food and Drug Administration: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) affirms the importance of the Orphan Drug Act; (2) applauds the significant, life-saving ac-complishments of the Orphan Drug Act dur-ing the course of the 35-year history of the Act, including the tremendous growth in re-search and development of new therapies for rare diseases and the resulting number of therapies approved by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration for people living with rare dis-eases; (3) recognizes that significant research and development efforts and related investments are needed to develop therapies to treat and cure thousands of rare diseases for which no treatment options are currently available; and (4) recognizes the need to continue sup-porting public investment, and encouraging private investment, in research and develop-ment of new therapies for rare diseases. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 691—RE-AFFIRMING THE CENTRALITY OF PRESS FREEDOM AND FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION TO DEMOCRACY IN THE UNITED STATES AND TO INTERNATIONAL PEACE AND STABILITY Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. S MITH) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 691 Whereas the First Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States enshrines press freedom as a foundational element of the democracy of the United States when it declares, ‘‘Congress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press’’; Whereas Thomas Jefferson famously and wisely wrote in 1787, ‘‘were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter’’, underscoring the en-during importance of independent and pro-fessional journalism as a check on govern-ment authority in every society; Whereas Article 19 of the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted December 10, 1948, by the United Na-tions General Assembly, enshrines press free-dom as a vital aspect of universal human rights; Whereas the use of threatening rhetoric by President Donald J. Trump, including false declarations that the media are ‘‘the enemy of the American people’’, and the repeated disparagements of specific journalists and outlets by President Trump have under-mined public trust in fact-based journalism; Whereas, on November 7, 2018, in the first press conference by President Trump after the 2018 elections, President Trump accused Yamiche Alcindor of PBS Newshour of ask-ing a ‘‘racist question’’ when Yamiche Alcindor asked about the support that the President receives from white nationalists; Whereas the White House has withdrawn the press credentials of CNN White House re-porter Jim Acosta in clear retaliation for questioning of the President by Jim Acosta; Whereas White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders falsely claimed, and distributed a doctored video purporting to show, that Jim Acosta placed ‘‘his hands on a young woman’’ as the basis for the with-drawal of press credentials from Jim Acosta; Whereas, on November 9, 2018, President Trump threatened to revoke the press cre-dentials of other journalists as well; Whereas, on October 18, 2018, President Trump praised Congressman Greg Gianforte for the misdemeanor assault charges to which the Congressman pled guilty for phys-ically assaulting a reporter on the eve of a special election in 2017; Whereas independent survey research has recently found that the trust of the people of the United States in professional media out-lets remains strong despite repeated attacks by the President; Whereas the respected nonprofit organiza-tion Committee to Protect Journalism re-ports that, as of November 15, 2018, 45 jour-nalists have been killed around the globe in 2018 while doing their jobs; Whereas Myanmar journalists Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, while working for Reuters, a highly reputable worldwide news gathering organization, were unjustly convicted and sentenced to 7 years of imprisonment for their reporting on the August 2017 campaign by Burmese security forces to assault, kill, rape, and burn the villages of the Rohingya people and to force the Rohingya people to flee from Myanmar to Bangladesh, which led approximately 700,000 Rohingya people to flee their homeland; Whereas more and more leaders in other countries are emulating attacks that Presi-dent Trump has made on professional jour-nalism and investigative journalism, leading to corruption and repression; Whereas credible reports indicate that Saudi Arabia targeted Washington Post col-umnist Jamal Khashoggi because of his cri-tiques of the Government of Saudi Arabia and his push for a free press in the Middle East; Whereas credible reports indicate that agents of Saudi Arabia brutally tortured and killed Jamal Khashoggi within the Saudi Arabian consulate in Istanbul when he came to pick up a legal document necessary for his planned marriage; Whereas the Government of Saudi Arabia has engaged in a series of brazen lies and at-tempted cover-ups of the murder of Jamal Khashoggi; and Whereas the public statements of Presi-dent Trump have led many people to con-clude that President Trump does not intend to hold senior Saudi Arabian officials ac-countable or to demand an independent and impartial investigation into the brutal death of Jamal Khashoggi: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reaffirms the central role that inde-pendent and professional journalism plays in— (A) strengthening democratic governance; (B) upholding the rule of law; (C) mitigating conflict; and (D) informing public opinion in the United States and around the world; (2) condemns the consistent use by Presi-dent Trump of rhetoric meant to celebrate and publicize acts of violence and aggression against the press; (3) concurs with the statement of CNN that the withdrawal of press credentials from Jim Acosta is ‘‘a threat to our democracy and the country deserves better’’; (4) supports an independent and impartial investigation by the United Nations Sec-retary-General into the death of Jamal Khashoggi, with the full cooperation of the United States Government; and (5) expresses support for and solidarity with independent journalists around the globe working— (A) to expose uncomfortable truths; (B) to shine a light on systemic corruption; and (C) to provide accountability in societies yearning for democracy and development. f SENATE RESOLUTION 692—RECOG-NIZING NOVEMBER 24, 2018, AS ‘‘SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY’’ AND CELEBRATING THE VITAL ROLE OF SMALL BUSINESSES, ALONG WITH THE EFFORTS OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINIS-TRATION, TO HELP PEOPLE IN THE UNITED STATES START, BUILD, AND GROW BUSINESSES Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. E
NZI, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. E RNST , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ATCH , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. R OBERTS , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. R UBIO, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. S COTT, Mr. U DALL , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. K
ING, Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. P ERDUE ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 692 Whereas, as of November 2018, there are more than 30,200,000 small businesses in the United States; Whereas small businesses in the United States— (1) represent 99.9 percent of all businesses in the United States; (2) employ nearly 48 percent of private sec-tor employees in the United States; (3) constitute almost 2 of every 3 new jobs; and (4) constitute 97.6 percent of firms that ex-port goods; and Whereas November 24, 2018, is an appro-priate day to recognize ‘‘Small Business Sat-urday’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate joins the Small Business Administration in— (1) supporting the designation of November 24, 2018, as ‘‘Small Business Saturday’’; (2) celebrating the entrepreneurial spirit of small business owners in the United States; (3) recognizing the importance of creating policies that promote a business-friendly en-vironment for small business owners that is free of unnecessary and burdensome regula-tions and red tape; (4) supporting and encouraging young en-trepreneurs to pursue passions and create more startup businesses; and (5) celebrating the invaluable contribution that small businesses make to the United States as the backbone of the economy. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 693—CELE-BRATING OCTOBER 25, 2018, AS THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PASSAGE OF THE WOMEN’S BUSINESS OWNERSHIP ACT OF 1988, WHILE COMMENDING THE UNIQUE ENTREPRENEURIAL SPIRIT SHARED BY WOMEN SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mrs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.071 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7057 November 15, 2018 
CAPITO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. C OLLINS , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. F ISCHER , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C OONS , Mr. H
OEVEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. R
OUNDS , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S COTT, and Ms. H ASSAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 693 Whereas, on October 25, 1988, President Ronald Reagan signed the Women’s Business Ownership Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–533; 102 Stat. 2689) into law; Whereas there are nearly 10,000,000 women- owned businesses in the United States; Whereas women-owned businesses employ more than 8,400,000 people of the United States; Whereas the number of women-owned busi-nesses grew by 45 percent between 2007 and 2016; Whereas women-owned businesses generate nearly $1,500,000,000,000 in sales annually; and Whereas the Women’s Business Ownership Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–533; 102 Stat. 2689)— (1) empowered women entrepreneurs to independently pursue access to capital; (2) provided Federal assistance to women- owned small businesses through demonstra-tion projects under the Small Business Ad-ministration, a precursor to the women’s business center program established in 1997; (3) established the National Women’s Busi-ness Council; and (4) required the Census Bureau to report on women-owned C corporations: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the important contribution women entrepreneurs make to the economy of the United States; (2) celebrates the unique entrepreneurial spirit of women small business owners in the United States; (3) recognizes the importance of access to capital in the formation of small businesses; and (4) commemorates the 30th anniversary of the passage of the Women’s Business Owner-ship Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–533; 102 Stat. 2689). f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 694—CON-DEMNING THE HORRIFIC, ANTI- SEMITIC ATTACK AT A SYNA-GOGUE IN PITTSBURGH, PENN-SYLVANIA, EXPRESSING SUP-PORT AND PRAYERS FOR ALL THOSE AFFECTED BY THE TRAG-EDY, AND APPLAUDING THE DEDICATION AND BRAVERY OF LAW ENFORCEMENT AND EMER-GENCY RESPONSE OFFICIALS IN RESPONDING TO THE ATTACK Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. FISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. K YL, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M
ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 694 Whereas, on October 27, 2018, a mass shoot-ing took place at the Tree of Life synagogue in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood of Pitts-burgh, Pennsylvania, where members of the Tree of Life, Dor Hadash, and New Light Jewish congregations were engaged in Shab-bat morning services; Whereas 11 innocent people were killed in the attack, and 6 others suffered injuries, in-cluding 4 law enforcement officers who re-sponded to the attack; Whereas the people of the United States are grateful for the swift action of law en-forcement officers, emergency response teams, and medical professionals who re-sponded to the attack; Whereas the perpetrator of the attack es-poused anti-Semitic views and targeted the people worshipping at the Tree of Life syna-gogue because of their religious beliefs; Whereas the attack is believed to be the deadliest anti-Semitic attack in the history of the United States; Whereas anti-Semitism is a pernicious and offensive form of prejudice that runs con-trary to the values of the United States; and Whereas the number of anti-Semitic inci-dents, including assaults, vandalism, and harassment, in the United States has in-creased every year since 2013, according to the Anti-Defamation League: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the horrific, anti-Semitic at-tack at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pitts-burgh, Pennsylvania, on October 27, 2018, in which 11 innocent people were killed and 6 were injured; (2) honors the memory of the victims who were killed and expresses the hope that their memory may be a blessing to their families and community; (3) expresses hope for a full and speedy re-covery and pledges continued support for the people who were injured in the attack; (4) offers heartfelt condolences and deepest sympathies to the Tree of Life, Dor Hadash, and New Life Jewish congregations, the Pittsburgh Jewish community, and the fami-lies, friends, and loved ones affected by the tragedy; (5) honors the selfless and dedicated serv-ice of the law enforcement and emergency response officials who responded to the at-tack and the medical professionals who pro-vided and continue to provide care for the victims; (6) condemns rising anti-Semitism and stands with the Jewish community in Pitts-burgh, the United States, and around the world; and (7) reaffirms the commitment of the United States— (A) to condemn anti-Semitism in all its forms; (B) to protect the right of the people of the United States to freely exercise their reli-gious beliefs; and (C) to ensure the safety and security of all people of the United States. f SENATE RESOLUTION 695—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING NOVEMBER 12, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK’’ Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. C OONS , Ms. S MITH, Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. K
AINE, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 695 Whereas a highly skilled workforce is nec-essary to compete in the global economy and to support economic growth; Whereas the national registered appren-ticeship system established by the Act of Au-gust 16, 1937 (29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘National Apprenticeship Act’’) (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘national registered apprenticeship sys-tem’’), which has existed for over 80 years— (1) is an important pathway for workers of the United States; (2) offers a combination of— (A) academic and technical instruction; and (B) paid, on-the-job, training; (3) provides workers of the United States credentials that are nationally recognized and industry-recognized; (4) leads to higher earnings for apprentices; and (5) develops a highly skilled workforce for the United States; Whereas registered apprenticeships— (1) are becoming increasingly innovative and diverse in— (A) design; (B) partnerships; (C) timeframes; and (D) use of emerging educational and training concepts; and (2) will continue to— (A) evolve to meet emerging skill essen-tials and employer requirements; and (B) maintain high standards for appren-tices; Whereas the national registered appren-ticeship system provides education and training for apprentices in— (1) high-growth sectors, including— (A) information technology; (B) financial services; (C) advanced manufacturing; and (D) health care; and (2) traditional industries; Whereas, according to the Department of Labor, the national registered apprentice-ship system leverages approximately $1,000,000,000 in private investment, which re-flects the strong commitment of the spon-sors of the national registered apprentice-ship system; Whereas an evaluation of registered ap-prenticeship programs in 10 States conducted by Mathematica Policy Research in 2012 found that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.074 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7058 November 15, 2018 
(1) individuals who completed registered apprenticeship programs earned over $240,000 more over their careers than individuals who did not participate in registered apprentice-ship programs; (2) the estimated social benefits of each registered apprenticeship program (including additional productivity of apprentices and the reduction in governmental expenditures as a result of reduced use of unemployment compensation and public assistance) exceed-ed the costs of each registered apprentice-ship program by more than $49,000; and (3) the tax return on every dollar the Fed-eral Government invested in registered ap-prenticeship programs was $27; and Whereas celebration of National Appren-ticeship Week— (1) honors industries that use the reg-istered apprenticeship model; (2) encourages expansion of the registered apprenticeship model to prepare highly skilled workers of the United States; (3) recognizes the role the national reg-istered apprenticeship system has played in preparing workers of the United States for jobs; and (4) promotes conversation about ways the national registered apprenticeship system can continue to respond to workforce chal-lenges in the 21st century: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate designates the week beginning November 12, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Apprenticeship Week’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 696—PERMIT-TING THE COLLECTION OF CLOTHING, TOYS, FOOD, AND HOUSEWARES DURING THE HOLI-DAY SEASON FOR CHARITABLE PURPOSES IN SENATE BUILD-INGS Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 696 Now, therefore, be it Resolved, 
SECTION 1. COLLECTION OF CLOTHING, TOYS, FOOD, AND HOUSEWARES DURING THE HOLIDAY SEASON FOR CHARI-TABLE PURPOSES IN SENATE BUILD-INGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of the rules or regulations of the Senate— (1) a Senator, officer of the Senate, or em-ployee of the Senate may collect from an-other Senator, officer of the Senate, or em-ployee of the Senate within a Senate build-ing or other office secured for a Senator non-monetary donations of clothing, toys, food, and housewares for charitable purposes re-lated to serving persons in need or members of the Armed Forces and the families of those members during the holiday season, if the charitable purposes do not otherwise vio-late any rule or regulation of the Senate or of Federal law; and (2) a Senator, officer of the Senate, or em-ployee of the Senate may work with a non-profit organization with respect to the deliv-ery of donations described under paragraph (1). (b) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided by this resolution shall expire at the end of the second session of the 115th Congress. SENATE RESOLUTION 697—DESIG-NATING NOVEMBER 2018 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL COLLEGE APPLICATION MONTH’’ Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. S
COTT) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 697 Whereas equality of opportunity for all people is one of the noblest aspirations of the United States; Whereas the National Center for Education Statistics reports that the employment rate for young adults with a bachelor’s degree and the employment rate for young adults whose highest credential is a high school di-ploma differ by 14 percentage points; Whereas a 2015 study by Georgetown Uni-versity identified that the average lifetime earnings gap between college graduates and individuals with only a high school diploma is $1,000,000; Whereas the Pew Economic Mobility Project finds that whether a child born in the lowest income quintile obtains a 4-year degree or higher credential is associated with— (1) an approximately 70-percent difference in the probability of that child earning an income outside the lowest income quintile; and (2) a threefold difference in the probability of that child going on to earn an income in the highest income quintile; Whereas the Education Commission of the States highlights that the number of non-traditional students at colleges and univer-sities is expected to rise 65 percent faster than the number of traditional students dur-ing the 15-year period ending in 2024; Whereas the Bureau of Labor Statistics re-ports that approximately 33 percent of high school graduates in 2017 did not matriculate to an institution of higher education the fol-lowing fall semester, representing a modest decline in college enrollment since the year before; Whereas the Bureau of Labor Statistics also reports that the unemployment rate for recent high school graduates not enrolled in college in the fall semester of 2017 was 16.8 percent, significantly higher than the na-tional unemployment rate; Whereas many secondary students struggle to identify and assess appropriate postsec-ondary options due to a number of factors, including insufficient information on pro-grammatic outcomes and difficulties in ac-cessing effective or consistent counseling services and resources; Whereas the complexity of financial aid systems and processes, coupled with a short-age of effective and comprehensive financial literacy instruction, can serve as an addi-tional deterrent or barrier for students and families as they assess the viability of higher education programs as a postsecondary op-tion; Whereas the United States built a thriving middle class in part by nurturing the poten-tial for colleges and universities to serve as engines of social mobility; and Whereas the data on the benefits of higher education demonstrate that, in spite of ongo-ing barriers to access and student success, colleges and universities can still serve as engines of social mobility: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates November 2018 as ‘‘National College Application Month’’; (2) encourages the people of the United States— (A) to evaluate options for pursuing higher education; and (B) to support every student, regardless of the background or resources of the student, in obtaining the skills and knowledge needed to thrive; (3) supports efforts to better assist low-in-come and first generation students through-out the college application process; (4) urges public officials, educators, par-ents, students, and communities in the United States to observe National College Application Month with appropriate activi-ties and programs designed to encourage stu-dents to consider, research, and apply to col-lege; and (5) commends teachers, counselors, men-tors, and parents who support students throughout the college application process, as well as the organizations and institutions partnering to eliminate barriers to higher education. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 698—DESIG-NATING NOVEMBER 3, 2018, AS NATIONAL BISON DAY Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. H
EIN-
RICH, Mr. E NZI, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. T
HUNE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. H ATCH , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. R OBERTS , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 698 Whereas on May 9, 2016, the North Amer-ican bison was adopted as the national mam-mal of the United States; Whereas bison are considered an historical symbol of the United States; Whereas bison were integrally linked with the economic and spiritual lives of many In-dian Tribes through trade and sacred cere-monies; Whereas there are more than 60 Indian Tribes participating in the InterTribal Buf-falo Council, which is a Tribal organization incorporated pursuant to section 17 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Reorganization Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 5124); Whereas numerous members of Indian Tribes are involved in bison restoration on Tribal land; Whereas members of Indian Tribes have a combined herd of bison on more than 1,000,000 acres of Tribal land; Whereas bison can play an important role in improving the types of grasses found in landscapes to the benefit of grasslands; Whereas bison hold significant economic value for private producers and rural com-munities; Whereas, as of 2012, the Department of Ag-riculture estimates that 162,110 head of bison were under the stewardship of private pro-ducers, creating jobs and contributing to the food security of the United States by pro-viding a sustainable and healthy meat source; Whereas a bison has been depicted on the official seal of the Department of the Inte-rior since 1912; Whereas a bison is portrayed on 2 State flags; Whereas the bison has been adopted by 3 States as the official mammal or animal of those States; Whereas the buffalo nickel played an im-portant role in modernizing the currency of the United States; Whereas several sports teams have the bison as a mascot, which highlights the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.074 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7059 November 15, 2018 
iconic significance of bison in the United States; Whereas a small group of ranchers helped save bison from extinction in the late 1800s by gathering the remaining bison of the di-minished herds; Whereas on December 8, 1905, William Hornaday, Theodore Roosevelt, and others formed the American Bison Society in re-sponse to the near extinction of bison in the United States; Whereas on October 11, 1907, the American Bison Society sent 15 captive-bred bison from the New York Zoological Park, now known as the ‘‘Bronx Zoo’’, to the first big game refuge in the United States, now known as the ‘‘Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge’’; Whereas, in 2005, the American Bison Soci-ety was reestablished, bringing together bison ranchers, managers from Indian Tribes, Federal and State agencies, con-servation organizations, and natural and so-cial scientists from the United States, Can-ada, and Mexico to create a vision for the North American bison in the 21st century; Whereas there are bison herds in national wildlife refuges, national parks, and national forests; Whereas there are bison in State-managed herds across 11 States; Whereas private, public, and Tribal bison leaders are working together to continue bison restoration throughout North Amer-ica; Whereas there is a growing effort to cele-brate and officially recognize the historical, cultural, and economic significance of the North American bison to the heritage of the United States; and Whereas members of Indian Tribes, bison producers, conservationists, sportsmen, edu-cators, and other public and private partners have celebrated the annual National Bison Day since 2012 and are committed to con-tinuing this tradition annually on the first Saturday of November: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates November 3, 2018, the first Saturday of November, as National Bison Day; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 699—DESIG-NATING NOVEMBER 25, 2018, AS ‘‘DRIVE SAFER SUNDAY’’ Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. P ERDUE ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 699 Whereas motor vehicle travel is the pri-mary means of transportation in the United States; Whereas every individual traveling on roads and highways should drive in a safe manner so as to reduce deaths and injuries that result from motor vehicle accidents; Whereas, according to the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration, wearing a seat belt saves as many as 15,000 lives each year; and Whereas the Sunday after Thanksgiving is the busiest highway traffic day of the year: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) encourages— (A) high schools, colleges, universities, ad-ministrators, teachers, primary schools, and secondary schools to launch campus-wide educational campaigns to urge students to focus on safety when driving; (B) national trucking firms— (i) to alert employee drivers to be espe-cially focused on driving safely on the Sun-day after Thanksgiving; and (ii) to publicize the importance of driving safely on the Sunday after Thanksgiving on the Citizens Band Radio Service and at truck stops across the United States; (C) clergies to remind congregations to travel safely when attending services and gatherings; (D) law enforcement personnel to remind drivers and passengers to drive safely, par-ticularly on the Sunday after Thanksgiving; (E) motorists to drive safely during the holiday season and throughout the rest of the year; and (F) the people of the United States— (i) to understand the life-saving impor-tance of wearing a seat belt; and (ii) to educate themselves about highway safety; and (2) designates November 25, 2018, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday’’. f SENATE RESOLUTION 700—REL-ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE WALTER ‘‘DEE’’ HUDDLESTON, FORMER UNITED STATES SENATOR FOR THE COM-MONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 700 Whereas the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Hud-dleston served the people of Kentucky in the United States Senate for 12 years; Whereas the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Hud-dleston served as a member of a number of Senate committees, including— (1) the Committee on Appropriations; (2) the Committee on Agriculture and For-estry and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry; and (3) the Select Committee on Intelligence; Whereas the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Hud-dleston was an ardent defender of the to-bacco and coal interests of Kentucky in the United States Senate; Whereas the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Hud-dleston was elected to serve the people of Kentucky in the Kentucky State Senate from 1965 to 1972; Whereas the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Hud-dleston was a respected radio broadcaster; Whereas the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Hud-dleston graduated from the University of Kentucky in 1949; Whereas the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Hud-dleston served in the United States Army as a tank gunner during World War II; and Whereas the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Hud-dleston served the United States and the Commonwealth of Kentucky with distinc-tion: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Senate has heard with profound sor-row and deep regret the announcement of the death of the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Hud-dleston, former member of the United States Senate; (2) the Secretary of the Senate commu-nicate this resolution to the House of Rep-resentatives and transmit an enrolled copy thereof to the family of the deceased; and (3) when the Senate adjourns today, it stand adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Huddleston. SENATE RESOLUTION 701—DESIG-NATING NOVEMBER 15, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL GIS DAY’’ Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. C
APITO , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. I NHOFE , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. B OOZMAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 701 Whereas the management, use, and ex-change of geographic information and geospatial data and analysis are essential for operations and decisionmaking in Federal agencies; Whereas Geographic Information System technology (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘GIS’’) embraces new and innovative ways to use, discover, and share geospatial data through online portals and web services; Whereas GIS facilitates the sharing of geo-graphic data, services, and maps through on-line portals such as GeoPlatform.gov; Whereas GIS helps provide shared and trusted geospatial data, services, and appli-cations for use— (1) by the public; and (2) by government agencies and partners of government agencies to meet their mission needs; Whereas GIS is an interdisciplinary tool used by students, teachers, researchers, uni-versities, and practitioners in numerous fields and disciplines; Whereas geography is identified as a core academic subject eligible for Federal funding under the Every Student Succeeds Act (Pub-lic Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 1802); Whereas GIS helps foster collaboration and partnerships in the advancement of the Na-tional Spatial Data Infrastructure (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NSDI’’); Whereas GIS provides a common frame-work for the Federal Government and State, Tribal, and local governments, non-Federal partners, communities, constituents, profes-sional bodies for standards, data catalogs, partnerships, and tools that make up the NSDI; Whereas GIS is used to investigate and ad-dress societal, environmental, and cultural issues, including— (1) local issues; (2) global issues; (3) issues from the past; (4) issues in the present; and (5) potential future issues identified through modeling; Whereas GIS and related geospatial tech-nologies are used in classrooms to engage students in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) learning; Whereas GIS fosters competition within the sector of geospatial technologies, which is considered a high-growth industry by the Department of Labor; and Whereas many Federal agencies, State and local government agencies, nonprofit organi-zations, schools, libraries, and universities will join with others around the world to showcase their GIS mapping and geospatial applications on November 15, 2018: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates November 15, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional GIS Day’’; and (2) encourages users of Geographic Infor-mation System technology (referred to in this resolving clause as ‘‘GIS’’), educators, students, and innovators to continue to em-ploy GIS— (A) to learn and explore; (B) to analyze and address societal chal-lenges; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.075 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7060 November 15, 2018 
(C) to drive economic growth for the bet-terment of the people of the United States and individuals around the world. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 702—RECOG-NIZING NATIONAL NATIVE AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH AND CELEBRATING THE HERIT-AGES AND CULTURES OF NA-TIVE AMERICANS AND THE CON-TRIBUTIONS OF NATIVE AMERI-CANS TO THE UNITED STATES Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. R OUNDS , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. U DALL , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. S MITH, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. K ING) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on In-dian Affairs: 
S. R ES. 702 Whereas, from November 1, 2018, through November 30, 2018, the United States cele-brates National Native American Heritage Month; Whereas National Native American Herit-age Month is an opportunity to consider and recognize the contributions of Native Ameri-cans to the history of the United States; Whereas Native Americans are descendants of the original, indigenous inhabitants of what is now the United States; Whereas the United States Census Bureau estimates that, in 2017, there were more than 6,700,000 individuals of Native American de-scent in the United States; Whereas Native Americans maintain vi-brant cultures and traditions and hold a deeply rooted sense of community; Whereas Native Americans have moving stories of tragedy, triumph, and persever-ance that need to be shared with future gen-erations; Whereas Native Americans speak and pre-serve indigenous languages, which have con-tributed to the English language by being used as names of individuals and locations throughout the United States; Whereas Congress has consistently re-affirmed the support of the United States of tribal self-governance and self-determination and the commitment of the United States to improving the lives of all Native Americans by— (1) enhancing health care and law enforce-ment resources; and (2) improving the housing and socio-economic status of Native Americans; Whereas the United States is committed to strengthening the government-to-govern-ment relationship that the United States has maintained with the various Indian tribes; Whereas Congress has recognized the con-tributions of the Iroquois Confederacy and the influence of the Iroquois Confederacy on the Founding Fathers in the drafting of the Constitution of the United States with the concepts of— (1) freedom of speech; (2) the separation of governmental powers; and (3) the system of checks and balances be-tween the branches of government; Whereas, with the enactment of the Native American Heritage Day Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–33; 123 Stat. 1922), Congress— (1) reaffirmed the government-to-govern-ment relationship between the United States and Native American governments; and (2) recognized the important contributions of Native Americans to the culture of the United States; Whereas Native Americans have made dis-tinct and important contributions to the United States and the rest of the world in many fields, including the fields of agri-culture, medicine, music, language, and art; Whereas Native Americans have distin-guished themselves as inventors, entre-preneurs, spiritual leaders, and scholars; Whereas Native Americans have served with honor and distinction in the Armed Forces and continue to serve in the Armed Forces in greater numbers per capita than any other group in the United States; Whereas the United States has recognized the contribution of the Native American code talkers in World War I and World War II, who used indigenous languages as an un-breakable military code, saving countless lives in the United States; and Whereas the people of the United States have reason to honor the great achievements and contributions of Native Americans and their ancestors: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the month of November 2018 as ‘‘National Native American Heritage Month’’; (2) recognizes the Friday after Thanks-giving as ‘‘Native American Heritage Day’’ in accordance with section 2(10) of the Native American Heritage Day Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–33; 123 Stat. 1923); and (3) urges the people of the United States to observe National Native American Heritage Month and Native American Heritage Day with appropriate programs and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 703—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE GOALS OF STOMACH CANCER AWARENESS MONTH Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 703 Whereas stomach cancer, also known as gastric cancer, is one of the most difficult cancers to detect in the early stages of the disease, which contributes to high mortality rates; Whereas stomach cancer occurs when can-cer cells develop in the lining of the stom-ach; Whereas stomach cancer is the fifth most common type of cancer worldwide; Whereas, in 2018— (1) an estimated 26,240 cases of stomach cancer were diagnosed in the United States; and (2) it was estimated that 10,800 people in the United States would die from stomach cancer; Whereas the estimated 5-year survival rate for stomach cancer is only 31 percent; Whereas approximately 1 in 111 individuals will be diagnosed with stomach cancer dur-ing his or her lifetime; Whereas, in the United States, stomach cancer is more prevalent among racial and ethnic minorities; Whereas increased awareness of, and edu-cation about, stomach cancer among pa-tients and health care providers could im-prove timely recognition of stomach cancer symptoms; Whereas more research into early diag-nosis, screening, and treatment for stomach cancer is needed; and Whereas November 2018 is an appropriate month to observe Stomach Cancer Aware-ness Month: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals of Stomach Cancer Awareness Month; (2) supports efforts to increase awareness of, and education about, stomach cancer among the general public of the United States; (3) recognizes the need for additional re-search into early diagnosis, screening, and treatment for stomach cancer; and (4) encourages States and territories and localities of the United States to support the goals of Stomach Cancer Awareness Month. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 51—TO CORRECT THE EN-ROLLMENT OF S. 140 Mr. THUNE submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was con-sidered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 51 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That in the enroll-ment of S. 140, an Act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, the Secretary of the Senate shall amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize appropria-tions for the Coast Guard, and for other pur-poses.’’. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 52—COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SE-CURITY CONSULTATIVE MEET-ING BETWEEN THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA AND THE UNITED STATES Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. C ON. RES. 52 Whereas, on October 31, 2018, the United States and the Republic of Korea (also known as ‘‘ROK’’) co-hosted the 50th annual Republic of Korea-United States Security Consultative Meeting (commonly known and referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘SCM’’); Whereas the alliance between the Republic of Korea and the United States dates back to the Mutual Defense Treaty of 1953, in which the United States committed to defending its ally from outside aggression; Whereas the United States currently sta-tions 28,500 troops on the Korean Peninsula as part of the obligation of the United States to defend the Republic of Korea; Whereas the SCM supports broader diplo-matic engagements between the 2 allies that span a broad array of issues important to the people of the Republic of Korea and to the people of the United States; Whereas the SCM has been crucial to the continued economic prosperity of the Repub-lic of Korea and to peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula; Whereas the SCM has reinforced the crit-ical alliance between the Republic of Korea and the United States and deepens the friendship between the 2 countries; Whereas the 50th anniversary of the SCM signifies an enduring alliance based on the shared values of freedom, democracy, human rights, and the rule of law; Whereas the SCM uses the ‘‘Joint Vision for ROK-U.S. Alliance’’ and the ‘‘Guidelines 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.075 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7061 November 15, 2018 
for ROK-U.S. Defense Cooperation’’ to en-hance the alliance beyond one of military co-operation to one of mutual trust; Whereas the SCM has been crucial in fa-cilitating independent operational capabili-ties of the armed forces of the Republic of Korea, allowing those forces to expand their defense capabilities and assume operational control of the combined forces under the cur-rent armistice; Whereas the SCM is key to strengthening bilateral cooperation in responding to global security challenges and threats, including terrorism, piracy, natural disasters, peace-keeping operations, and stabilization and re-construction; Whereas the SCM will continue to pursue complete, verifiable, and irreversible dis-mantlement of the nuclear weapons and bal-listic missile programs of North Korea to maintain a lasting peace; and Whereas, with the continued and growing threat from the Democratic People’s Repub-lic of Korea, and the increasing importance of the Indo-Pacific region, the SCM has come to represent the irreplaceable friendship and alliance between the United States and the Republic of Korea: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) commemorates the 50th anniversary of the Republic of Korea-United States Secu-rity Consultative Meeting (‘‘SCM’’) and the enduring relationship between the United States and the Republic of Korea that the SCM represents; (2) reaffirms the military alliance based on mutual trust and shared values between the United States and the Republic of Korea; (3) recognizes that the alliance between the United States and the Republic of Korea will remain ironclad, irrespective of any efforts by third parties to sow discord between the countries; and (4) supports the continued pursuit of— (A) a complete, verifiable, and irreversible dismantlement of the nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs of North Korea; and (B) lasting peace and stability on the Ko-rean Peninsula and throughout the Indo-Pa-cific region. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4061. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C OONS ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3321, to award Congressional Gold Medals to Kath-erine Johnson and Dr. Christine Darden, to posthumously award Congressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jack-son, and to award a Congressional Gold Medal to honor all of the women who con-tributed to the success of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration during the Space Race. SA 4062. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OONS ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3321, supra. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4061. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
OONS ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3321, to award Congressional Gold Medals to Katherine Johnson and Dr. Christine Darden, to posthumously award Congressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson, and to award a Congressional Gold Medal to honor all of the women who contributed to the success of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration during the Space Race; as fol-lows: Purpose: In the nature of a substitute. 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Hidden Fig-ures Congressional Gold Medal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) In 1935, the National Advisory Com-mittee for Aeronautics (referred to in this section as ‘‘NACA’’) hired 5 women to serve as the first ‘‘computer pool’’ at the Langley Memorial Aeronautical Laboratory where those women took on work making calcula-tions that male engineers had made pre-viously. (2) During the 1940s, NACA began recruit-ing African American women to work as computers and initially separated those women from their White counterparts in a group known as the ‘‘West Area Computers’’ where the women were restricted to seg-regated dining and bathroom facilities. (3) Katherine Johnson was born on August 26, 1918, in White Sulphur Springs, West Vir-ginia. (4) In 1953, Katherine Johnson began her career in aeronautics as a computer in the segregated West Area Computing unit de-scribed in paragraph (2). (5) As a member of the Flight Research Di-vision, Katherine Johnson analyzed data from flight tests. After NACA was reformu-lated into the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (referred to in this section as ‘‘NASA’’), Johnson— (A) calculated the trajectory for Alan Shepard’s Freedom 7 mission in 1961, which was the first human spaceflight by an indi-vidual from the United States; (B) coauthored a report that provided the equations for describing orbital spaceflight with a specified landing point, which made her the first woman to be recognized as an author of a report from the Flight Research Division; (C) was asked to verify the calculations when electronic computers at NASA were used to calculate the orbit for John Glenn’s Friendship 7 mission; and (D) provided calculations for NASA throughout her career, including for the Apollo missions. (6) Katherine Johnson retired from NASA in 1986. (7) Dr. Christine Darden was born on Sep-tember 10, 1942, in Monroe, North Carolina. (8) In 1962, Dr. Christine Darden graduated from Hampton Institute with a B.S. in Math-ematics and a teaching credential. (9) Dr. Christine Darden attended Virginia State University where she studied aerosol physics and earned an M.S. in Applied Math-ematics. (10) Dr. Christine Darden began her career in aeronautics in 1967 as a data analyst at NASA’s Langley Research Center (referred to in this section as ‘‘Langley’’) before being promoted to aerospace engineer in 1973. Her work in this position resulted in the produc-tion of low-boom sonic effects, which revolu-tionized aerodynamics design. (11) Dr. Christine Darden completed her education by earning a Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering from George Washington Uni-versity in 1983. (12) While working at NASA, Dr. Christine Darden— (A) was appointed to be the leader of the Sonic Boom Team, which worked on designs to minimize the effects of sonic booms by testing wing and nose designs for supersonic aircraft; (B) wrote more than 50 articles on aero-nautics design; and (C) became the first African American to be promoted to a position in the Senior Ex-ecutive Service at Langley. (13) Dorothy Vaughan was born on Sep-tember 20, 1910, in Kansas City, Missouri. (14) Dorothy Vaughan began working for NACA in 1943. Vaughan— (A) started at NACA as a member of the West Area Computing unit; (B) was promoted to be the head of the West Area Computing unit, becoming NACA’s first African American supervisor, a position that she held for 9 years; and (C) became an expert programmer in FORTRAN as a member of NASA’s Analysis and Computation Division. (15) Dorothy Vaughan retired from NASA in 1971 and died on November 10, 2008. (16) Mary Jackson was born on April 9, 1921, in Hampton, Virginia. (17) Mary Jackson started her career at NACA in 1951, working as a computer as a member of the West Area Computing unit. (18) After petitioning the City of Hampton to allow her to take graduate-level courses in math and physics at night at the all- White Hampton High School, Mary Jackson was able to complete the required training to become an engineer, making her NASA’s first female African American engineer. (19) Mary Jackson— (A) while at NACA and NASA— (i) worked in the Theoretical Aero-dynamics Branch of the Subsonic-Transonic Aerodynamics Division at Langley where she analyzed wind tunnel and aircraft flight data; and (ii) published a dozen technical papers that focused on the boundary layer of air around airplanes; and (B) after 21 years working as an engineer at NASA, transitioned to a new job as Langley’s Federal Women’s Program Man-ager where she worked to improve the pros-pects of NASA’s female mathematicians, en-gineers, and scientists. (20) Mary Jackson retired from NASA in 1985 and died in 2005. (21) These 4 women, along with the other African American women in NASA’s West Area Computing unit, were integral to the success of the early space program. The sto-ries of these 4 women exemplify the experi-ences of hundreds of women who worked as computers, mathematicians, and engineers at NACA beginning in the 1930s and their handmade calculations played an integral role in— (A) aircraft testing during World War II; (B) supersonic flight research; (C) sending the Voyager probes to explore the solar system; and (D) the United States landing the first man on the lunar surface. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDALS. 
(a) P RESENTATION AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the presentation, on behalf of Congress, of 5 gold medals of appropriate design as follows: (1) One gold medal to Katherine Johnson in recognition of her service to the United States as a mathematician. (2) One gold medal to Dr. Christine Darden for her service to the United States as an aeronautical engineer. (3) In recognition of their service to the United States during the Space Race— (A) 1 gold medal commemorating the life of Dorothy Vaughan; and (B) 1 gold medal commemorating the life of Mary Jackson. (4) One gold medal in recognition of all women who served as computers, mathe-maticians, and engineers at the National Ad-visory Committee for Aeronautics and the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion between the 1930s and the 1970s (referred to in this section as ‘‘recognized women’’). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.078 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7062 November 15, 2018 
(b) D ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the purpose of the awards under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of the Treasury (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike each gold medal described in that subsection with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary. (c) T
RANSFER OF CERTAIN MEDALS AFTER  P
RESENTATION .— (1) S
MITHSONIAN INSTITUTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—After the award of the gold medal commemorating the life of Doro-thy Vaughan under subsection (a)(3)(A) and the award of the gold medal in recognition of recognized women under subsection (a)(4), those medals shall be given to the Smithso-nian Institution where the medals shall be— (i) available for display, as appropriate; and (ii) made available for research. (B) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Smithsonian Institution should make the gold medals received under subparagraph (A) available for— (i) display, particularly at the National Museum of African American History and Culture; or (ii) loan, as appropriate, so that the medals may be displayed elsewhere. (2) T
RANSFER TO FAMILY .—After the award of the gold medal in honor of Mary Jackson under subsection (a)(3)(B), the medal shall be given to her granddaughter, Wanda Jackson. 
SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS. 
Under regulations that the Secretary may promulgate, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medals struck under this Act, at a price sufficient to cover the cost of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and over-head expenses. 
SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDALS. 
(a) N ATIONAL MEDALS .—The medals struck under this Act are national medals for pur-poses of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. (b) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. 
SEC. 6. AUTHORITY TO USE FUND AMOUNTS; PROCEEDS OF SALE. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO USEFUND AMOUNTS .— There is authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund such amounts as may be necessary to pay for the costs of the medals struck under this Act. (b) P
ROCEEDS OF SALE.—Amounts received from the sale of duplicate bronze medals au-thorized under section 4 shall be deposited into the United States Mint Public Enter-prise Fund. 
SA 4062. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C
OONS ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3321, to award Congressional Gold Medals to Katherine Johnson and Dr. Christine Darden, to posthumously award Congressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson, and to award a Congressional Gold Medal to honor all of the women who contributed to the success of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration during the Space Race; as fol-lows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to award Congressional Gold Medals to Kath-erine Johnson and Dr. Christine Darden, to posthumously award Congressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jack-son, and to award a Congressional Gold Medal to honor all of the women who con-tributed to the success of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration during the Space Race.’’. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 8 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 15, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hear-ing on the following nominations: Wil-liam Bookless, to be Principal Deputy Administrator, National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration and Thomas McCaffery, to be Assistant secretary of Defense of Health Affairs. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 15, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The semiannual testimony of the Fed-eral Reserve’s Supervision and regula-tion of the financial system.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 15, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 15, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Funding needs for the wildlife Conservation, Recovery, and Management’’. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 15, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Andrew M. Saul, of New York, to be Commissioner of Social Security for the term expir-ing January 19, 2019, and Gail S. Ennis, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, both of the Social Security Adminis-tration, and Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Director of the Pen-sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 15, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Ronald D. Vitiello, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, and Richard S. Tischner, of Virginia, to be Director of the Court Services and Of-fender Supervision Agency for the Dis-trict of Columbia. COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 15, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a busi-ness meeting and hearing on the fol-lowing nominations: Bridget S. Bade, of Arizona, and Eric D. Miller, of Wash-ington, both to be a United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Eric E. Murphy, of Ohio, and Chad A. Readier, of Ohio, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Cir-cuit, Allison Jones Rushing, of North Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Rossie David Alston, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Virginia, Thomas P. Barber, and Wendy Williams Berger, both to be a United States District Judge for the Middle District of Florida, Pamela A. Barker, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Ohio, Karin J Immergut, to be United States District Judge for the District of Oregon, Corey Landon Maze, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Sarah Daggett Morrison, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Ohio, Rodney Smith, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, T. Kent Wetherell II, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern District of Florida, Richard A. Hertling, of Mary-land, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, and Kim Gaffney, to be United States Mar-shal for the Western District of Wis-consin, Bradley Jay LaRose, to be United States Marshal for the District of Vermont, and Douglas J. Strike, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Iowa, all of the Department of Justice. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 15, 2018, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing closed briefing. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 692 through S. Res. 701. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.080 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7063 November 15, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions (S. Res. 692 through 695) were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 696) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) The resolutions (S. Res. 697 through 701) were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
THE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of the following calendar bills, en bloc: Calendar Nos. 588 through 607. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to where applicable and that the bills, as amended, if amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVATE HENRY SVEHLA POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (S. 3209) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 413 Washington Avenue in Belleville, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Pri-vate Henry Svehla Post Office Build-ing,’’ was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3209 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PRIVATE HENRY SVEHLA POST OF-FICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 413 Washington Avenue in Belleville, New Jer-sey, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Private Henry Svehla Post Office Build-ing’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Private Henry Svehla Post Office Building’’. f 
RICHARD W. WILLIAMS CHAPTER OF THE TRIPLE NICKLES (555TH P.I.A.) POST OFFICE The bill (S. 3237) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 120 12th Street Lobby in Columbus, Georgia, as the ‘‘Richard W. Williams Chapter of the Triple Nickles (555th P.I.A.) Post Office,’’ which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, with amendments and an amendment to the title, was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as fol-lows: S. 3237 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. RICHARD W. WILLIAMS, JR., CHAPTER OF THE TRIPLE NICKLES (555TH P.I.A.) POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 12th Street Lobby in Columbus, Georgia, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Rich-ard W. Williams, Jr., Chapter of the Triple Nickles (555th P.I.A.) Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Richard W. Williams , Jr., Chapter of the Triple Nickles (555th P.I.A.) Post Office’’. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 12th Street Lobby in Columbus, Georgia, as the ‘Richard W. Williams, Jr., Chapter of the Triple Nick-les (555th P.I.A.) Post Office’.’’. f 
CAPTAIN MATTHEW J. AUGUST POST OFFICE The bill (S. 3414) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Captain Matthew J. August Post Of-fice,’’ was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3414 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CAPTAIN MATTHEW J. AUGUST POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Island, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Cap-tain Matthew J. August Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Captain Matthew J. August Post Office’’. f 
ARLA W. HARRELL POST OFFICE The bill (S. 3442) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Missouri, as the ‘‘Arla W. Harrell Post Office,’’ was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3442 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ARLA W. HARRELL POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Missouri, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Arla W. Har-rell Post Office’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Arla W. Harrell Post Office’’. f 
HAROLD D. M CCRAW, SR., POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 606) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, California, as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
MISSION VETERANS POST OFFICE BUILDING A bill (H.R. 1209) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 901 N. Francisco Avenue, Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Vet-erans Post Office Building,’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
JACK H. BROWN POST OFFICE BUILDING A bill (H.R. 2979) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
HARMON KILLEBREW POST OFFICE BUILDING A bill (H.R. 3230) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Kille-brew Post Office Building,’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
CORPORAL JEFFERY ALLEN WILLIAMS POST OFFICE BUILDING A bill (H.R. 4407) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the ‘‘Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building,’’ which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
H.R. 4407 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CORPORAL øJEFFERY¿ JEFFREY ALLEN WILLIAMS POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.047 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7064 November 15, 2018 
Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Cor-poral øJeffery¿ Jeffrey Allen Williams Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Corporal øJeffery¿ Jef- frey Allen Williams Post Office Building’’. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the ‘Cor-poral Jeffrey Allen Williams Post Office Building’.’’. 
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 4407), as amended, was passed. 
f 
WAYNE K. CURRY POST OFFICE BUILDING A bill (H.R. 4890) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Build-ing,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SGT. MAJ. WARDELL B. TURNER POST OFFICE BUILDING A bill (H.R. 4913) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 816 East Salisbury Park-way in Salisbury, Maryland, as the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Of-fice Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SPECIALIST TREVOR A. WIN’E POST OFFICE A bill (H.R. 4946) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Spe-cialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SPC. STERLING WILLIAM WYATT POST OFFICE BUILDING A bill (H.R. 4960) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Ster-ling William Wyatt Post Office Build-ing,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
JUDGE RUSSELL B. SUGARMON POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 5349) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1325 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Build-ing,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. SERGEANT DIETRICH SCHMIEMAN POST OFFICE BUILDING A bill (H.R. 5504) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. f 
CAPTAIN JOSHUA E. STEELE POST OFFICE A bill (H.R. 5737) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illinois, as the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
VEL R. PHILLIPS POST OFFICE BUILDING A bill (H.R. 5784) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, shall be known and des-ignated as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Of-fice Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
BILL HARRIS POST OFFICE A bill (H.R. 5868) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 530 Claremont Avenue in Ashland, Ohio, as the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
LOGAN S. PALMER POST OFFICE A bill (H.R. 5935) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illinois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office,’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
COLONEL ALFRED ASCH POST OFFICE A bill (H.R. 6116) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
TO EXTEND THE EFFECTIVE DATE FOR THE SUNSET FOR COLLAT-ERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRA-TION DISASTER LOANS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 631, S. 3554. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 3554) to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Administration disaster loans. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 3554) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3554 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF SUNSET FOR COLLAT-ERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR SBA DIS-ASTER LOANS. 
Section 2102(b) of the RISE After Disaster Act of 2015 (15 U.S.C. 636 note) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by strik-ing ‘‘3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘4 years’’. f 
HIDDEN FIGURES CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 3321 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3321) to award Congressional Gold Medals to Katherine Johnson and Dr. Chris-tine Darden and to posthumously award Con-gressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson in recognition of their contributions to the success of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration dur-ing the Space Race. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask that the Coons substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; the bill as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; the title amend-ment at the desk be agreed to; and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4061) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Hidden Fig-ures Congressional Gold Medal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) In 1935, the National Advisory Com-mittee for Aeronautics (referred to in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.037 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7065 November 15, 2018 
section as ‘‘NACA’’) hired 5 women to serve as the first ‘‘computer pool’’ at the Langley Memorial Aeronautical Laboratory where those women took on work making calcula-tions that male engineers had made pre-viously. (2) During the 1940s, NACA began recruit-ing African American women to work as computers and initially separated those women from their White counterparts in a group known as the ‘‘West Area Computers’’ where the women were restricted to seg-regated dining and bathroom facilities. (3) Katherine Johnson was born on August 26, 1918, in White Sulphur Springs, West Vir-ginia. (4) In 1953, Katherine Johnson began her career in aeronautics as a computer in the segregated West Area Computing unit de-scribed in paragraph (2). (5) As a member of the Flight Research Di-vision, Katherine Johnson analyzed data from flight tests. After NACA was reformu-lated into the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (referred to in this section as ‘‘NASA’’), Johnson— (A) calculated the trajectory for Alan Shepard’s Freedom 7 mission in 1961, which was the first human spaceflight by an indi-vidual from the United States; (B) coauthored a report that provided the equations for describing orbital spaceflight with a specified landing point, which made her the first woman to be recognized as an author of a report from the Flight Research Division; (C) was asked to verify the calculations when electronic computers at NASA were used to calculate the orbit for John Glenn’s Friendship 7 mission; and (D) provided calculations for NASA throughout her career, including for the Apollo missions. (6) Katherine Johnson retired from NASA in 1986. (7) Dr. Christine Darden was born on Sep-tember 10, 1942, in Monroe, North Carolina. (8) In 1962, Dr. Christine Darden graduated from Hampton Institute with a B.S. in Math-ematics and a teaching credential. (9) Dr. Christine Darden attended Virginia State University where she studied aerosol physics and earned an M.S. in Applied Math-ematics. (10) Dr. Christine Darden began her career in aeronautics in 1967 as a data analyst at NASA’s Langley Research Center (referred to in this section as ‘‘Langley’’) before being promoted to aerospace engineer in 1973. Her work in this position resulted in the produc-tion of low-boom sonic effects, which revolu-tionized aerodynamics design. (11) Dr. Christine Darden completed her education by earning a Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering from George Washington Uni-versity in 1983. (12) While working at NASA, Dr. Christine Darden— (A) was appointed to be the leader of the Sonic Boom Team, which worked on designs to minimize the effects of sonic booms by testing wing and nose designs for supersonic aircraft; (B) wrote more than 50 articles on aero-nautics design; and (C) became the first African American to be promoted to a position in the Senior Ex-ecutive Service at Langley. (13) Dorothy Vaughan was born on Sep-tember 20, 1910, in Kansas City, Missouri. (14) Dorothy Vaughan began working for NACA in 1943. Vaughan— (A) started at NACA as a member of the West Area Computing unit; (B) was promoted to be the head of the West Area Computing unit, becoming NACA’s first African American supervisor, a position that she held for 9 years; and (C) became an expert programmer in FORTRAN as a member of NASA’s Analysis and Computation Division. (15) Dorothy Vaughan retired from NASA in 1971 and died on November 10, 2008. (16) Mary Jackson was born on April 9, 1921, in Hampton, Virginia. (17) Mary Jackson started her career at NACA in 1951, working as a computer as a member of the West Area Computing unit. (18) After petitioning the City of Hampton to allow her to take graduate-level courses in math and physics at night at the all- White Hampton High School, Mary Jackson was able to complete the required training to become an engineer, making her NASA’s first female African American engineer. (19) Mary Jackson— (A) while at NACA and NASA— (i) worked in the Theoretical Aero-dynamics Branch of the Subsonic-Transonic Aerodynamics Division at Langley where she analyzed wind tunnel and aircraft flight data; and (ii) published a dozen technical papers that focused on the boundary layer of air around airplanes; and (B) after 21 years working as an engineer at NASA, transitioned to a new job as Langley’s Federal Women’s Program Man-ager where she worked to improve the pros-pects of NASA’s female mathematicians, en-gineers, and scientists. (20) Mary Jackson retired from NASA in 1985 and died in 2005. (21) These 4 women, along with the other African American women in NASA’s West Area Computing unit, were integral to the success of the early space program. The sto-ries of these 4 women exemplify the experi-ences of hundreds of women who worked as computers, mathematicians, and engineers at NACA beginning in the 1930s and their handmade calculations played an integral role in— (A) aircraft testing during World War II; (B) supersonic flight research; (C) sending the Voyager probes to explore the solar system; and (D) the United States landing the first man on the lunar surface. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDALS. 
(a) P RESENTATION AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the presentation, on behalf of Congress, of 5 gold medals of appropriate design as follows: (1) One gold medal to Katherine Johnson in recognition of her service to the United States as a mathematician. (2) One gold medal to Dr. Christine Darden for her service to the United States as an aeronautical engineer. (3) In recognition of their service to the United States during the Space Race— (A) 1 gold medal commemorating the life of Dorothy Vaughan; and (B) 1 gold medal commemorating the life of Mary Jackson. (4) One gold medal in recognition of all women who served as computers, mathe-maticians, and engineers at the National Ad-visory Committee for Aeronautics and the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion between the 1930s and the 1970s (referred to in this section as ‘‘recognized women’’). (b) D
ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the purpose of the awards under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of the Treasury (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike each gold medal described in that subsection with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary. (c) T
RANSFER OF CERTAIN MEDALS AFTER  P
RESENTATION .— (1) S
MITHSONIAN INSTITUTION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—After the award of the gold medal commemorating the life of Doro-thy Vaughan under subsection (a)(3)(A) and the award of the gold medal in recognition of recognized women under subsection (a)(4), those medals shall be given to the Smithso-nian Institution where the medals shall be— (i) available for display, as appropriate; and (ii) made available for research. (B) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Smithsonian Institution should make the gold medals received under subparagraph (A) available for— (i) display, particularly at the National Museum of African American History and Culture; or (ii) loan, as appropriate, so that the medals may be displayed elsewhere. (2) T
RANSFER TO FAMILY .—After the award of the gold medal in honor of Mary Jackson under subsection (a)(3)(B), the medal shall be given to her granddaughter, Wanda Jackson. 
SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS. 
Under regulations that the Secretary may promulgate, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medals struck under this Act, at a price sufficient to cover the cost of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and over-head expenses. 
SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDALS. 
(a) N ATIONAL MEDALS .—The medals struck under this Act are national medals for pur-poses of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. (b) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. 
SEC. 6. AUTHORITY TO USE FUND AMOUNTS; PROCEEDS OF SALE. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO USEFUND AMOUNTS .— There is authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund such amounts as may be necessary to pay for the costs of the medals struck under this Act. (b) P
ROCEEDS OF SALE.—Amounts received from the sale of duplicate bronze medals au-thorized under section 4 shall be deposited into the United States Mint Public Enter-prise Fund. 
The bill (S. 3321), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. The amendment (No. 4062) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to award Congressional Gold Medals to Kath-erine Johnson and Dr. Christine Darden, to posthumously award Congressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jack-son, and to award a Congressional Gold Medal to honor all of the women who con-tributed to the success of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration during the Space Race.’’. f 
AMY, VICKY, AND ANDY CHILD PORNOGRAPHY VICTIM ASSIST-ANCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the message to accompany S. 2152. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair lays before the Senate a message from the House. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.040 S15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7066 November 15, 2018 
Resolved, that the bill from the Senate (S. 2152) entitled ‘‘An Act to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornography, and for other purposes’’, do pass with an amend-ment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to concur in the House amendment, and I ask unanimous consent that the motion be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 3649 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3649) to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a second reading. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the provi-sions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be read on the next legislative day. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS AUTHORITY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Sen-ate, the President pro tempore, and the majority and minority leaders be au-thorized to make appointments to com-missions, committees, boards, con-ferences, or interparliamentary con-ferences authorized by law, by concur-rent action of the two Houses or by order of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DISCHARGE AND REFERRAL—H.R. 3460 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that H.R. 3460 be discharged from the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs and be referred to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Democratic Leader of the Senate and Vice Chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence, ap-pointed the following individual as a member of the National Security Com-mission on Artificial Intelligence: The Honorable MARTIN HEINRICH , of New Mexico. The Chair, on behalf of the Demo-cratic Leader, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Senate Com-mittee on Armed Services, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, appointed the fol-lowing individual to serve as a member of the Cyberspace Solarium Commis-sion: The Honorable A
NGUS KING, of Maine. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2018, THROUGH MONDAY, NO-VEMBER 26, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday No-vember 16, at 3 p.m., Tuesday, Novem-ber 20, at 10 a.m., and Friday November 23, at 12 noon. I further ask that when the Senate adjourns on Friday Novem-ber 23, it next convene at 3 p.m. Mon-day, November 26, and that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Vaden nomina-tion, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided between the two lead-ers or their designees; finally, that the cloture motions filed during today’s session of the Senate ripen at 5:30 p.m., Monday, November 26. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 3 P.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask that it stand ad-journed under the provisions of S. Res. 700 and do so as a further mark of re-spect for the late Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Huddle-ston, former Senator from the Com-monwealth of Kentucky. Thereupon, the Senate, at 5:32 p.m., adjourned until Friday, November 16, 2018, at 3 p.m. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
DANIEL B. MAFFEI, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSIONER FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2022. (REAPPOINTMENT) L. E. SOLA, OF FLORIDA, TO BE A FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSIONER FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2023, VICE WILLIAM P. DOYLE, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JOHN P. ABIZAID, OF NEVADA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARA-BIA. KATE MARIE BYRNES, OF FLORIDA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MACEDONIA. ARTHUR B. CULVAHOUSE, JR., OF TENNESSEE, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE COMMON-WEALTH OF AUSTRALIA. JAMES S. GILMORE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE U.S. REP-RESENTATIVE TO THE ORGANIZATION FOR SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, WITH THE RANK OF AM-BASSADOR. BRETT P. GIROIR, OF TEXAS, TO BE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES ON THE EXECUTIVE BOARD OF THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION, VICE THOMAS FRIEDEN, RESIGNED. LANA J. MARKS, OF FLORIDA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRI-CA. 
PEACE CORPS  
ALAN R. SWENDIMAN, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF THE PEACE CORPS, VICE CARLOS J. TORRES. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
MATTHEW H. TUELLER, OF UTAH, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF IRAQ. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate November 15, 2018: 
FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM  
MICHELLE BOWMAN, OF KANSAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM FOR THE UNEXPIRED TERM OF FOURTEEN YEARS FROM FEBRUARY 1, 2006. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on Novem-ber 15, 2018 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomination: 
MARK MONTGOMERY, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, VICE R. DAVID HARDEN, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JUNE 20, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jan 11, 2019 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\S15NO8.REC S15NO8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1527 November 15, 2018 
HONORING STATE REPRESENTATIVE BOB CHERRY 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize State Representative Bob Cherry for his contribution to our state. For 20 years, Bob has represented Hancock and Madison counties with honor and integrity in the Indiana General Assembly. He con-tinues to be a strong advocate for balanced budgets and lower taxes. I had the pleasure of serving alongside Bob during my time in the Indiana General Assembly. Our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leader-ship and service. On a personal note, Bob has been a loyal friend and wise adviser during my entire ten-ure in Congress. He and Deb were among my earliest and most vocal supporters. Jennifer and I cherish our friendship with Bob and Deb. We want to thank them for their prayers and support of my work in Congress. I wish them continued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HONORABLE GREG NORRIS ON HIS RETIRE-MENT 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Greg Norris on the occasion of his retirement as Probate Judge for Monroe County, Alabama. Throughout his career, Judge Norris displayed deep devotion to Mon-roe County, where he has had an immeas-urable impact on economic development and quality of life improvements. Locally educated at Alabama Southern Community College, and then at Troy Univer-sity, Judge Norris has a rich understanding of what matters to the people of Southwest Ala-bama and how to improve the local economy. Judge Norris began his term in office as Pro-bate Judge in 2006. From the start, he was dedicated to the cause of Monroe County’s economic future. In his role, Judge Norris also served as the Chairman of the Monroe County Commission, allowing him to provide an even greater service to the community. During his term in office, Judge Norris cre-ated a renewed emphasis on serving the peo-ple of our area. He digitized all deed and mar-riage records, created an online renewal proc-ess for tags and driver’s licenses, and oversaw 22 fair elections in the county. As Chairman of the Monroe County Com-mission, he was able to secure roughly $33,000,000 in federal and state funds for the betterment of Monroe County. This included funds for road and bridge projects, airport im-provement projects, a VA outpatient clinic, and many other projects that impacted the lives of countless residents. His economic development achievements speak for themselves: the unemployment rate dropped from well over 20 percent during the recession to less than 6 percent today, he cre-ated the Monroeville/Monroe County Economic Development Authority, brought critical new businesses to the community, and oversaw 6 industry expansions. Judge Norris is also involved in the Kiwanis Club, Pilots for Christ, member of the first Leadership Now class of Monroe County, served on the Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, Delta Regional Authority Delta Leadership Institute Class of 2014–15, and the Association of County Commissions of Ala-bama. In his free time, Judge Norris serves as a Sunday School teacher and Deacon at Excel Baptist Church. He also enjoys hunting, fish-ing, and spending time with his wife, Terry, two children, and six grandchildren. From the start, Judge Norris made a name for himself in reshaping the modern economy in Monroe County. Monroe County is better off thanks to his service, guidance, and direction. On behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District and the United States House of Rep-resentatives, we honor Judge Norris for his in-credible service and simply say: thank you. f 
HONORING SHERIFF JEFF CAPPA 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Sheriff Jeff Cappa for his contribution to our state and Wayne Coun-ty. Throughout his career, Jeff has dedicated himself to the safety of his fellow Hoosiers. For nearly eight years, Jeff has served as the Wayne County Sheriff where he has worked tirelessly to ensure communities in Wayne County are safe. Our state and Wayne County is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service. Jeff has also been a loyal friend and wise adviser during my entire tenure in Congress. I want to thank him for his friendship and sup-port of my work. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. IN RECOGNITION TO THE HEROISM OF SHERIFF DEPUTY KEVIN CRIPPS HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sergeant Kevin Cripps and Fireman Trevor White of Kinmundy, Illinois for their courage. On September 8, 2018, five young adults at-tempted to cross over Skillet Fork Creek Bridge when rising waters swept the truck off the road. The group climbed out of the sinking truck through the windows and managed to dial 911. Sergeant Kevin Cripps took the call and rushed to their aid. Sergeant Cripps used ropes and life jackets to pull the four closest to him away from the current. Fireman Trevor White and Sergeant Cripps combined their ef-forts to save the fifth person. While Sergeant Cripps braced himself as an anchor, White continued towards the fifth teenager with a rope and life jacket. Sergeant Cripps then pulled in the adolescent and Trevor White to safety. Assistant Fire Chief Brad Hawkey called Sergeant Cripps a hero, saying it was a team effort and that ‘‘God was with us’’. Mr. Speaker, I personally want to thank these gentlemen for their bravery and efforts in the rescue. Their actions are an example to me and to those within their community. I commend Sergeant Kevin Cripps and fireman Trevor White as we celebrate their heroism and wish them success in their future endeav-ors. 
f 
HONORING U.S. MARSHAL DAN M
CCLAIN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize U.S. Marshal Dan McClain for his contribution to our state and Scott County. Throughout his career, Dan has dedicated himself to the safety of his fellow Hoosiers. Dan served as Scott County Sheriff before being nominated by President Trump to be U.S. Marshal for the Southern District of Indi-ana. Building on his success as Scott County Sheriff, Dan now works tirelessly to ensure Hoosier communities are safe. President Trump could not have picked anyone better for this role and our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Dan has been a loyal friend and wise adviser during my entire ten-ure in Congress. I would like to thank him for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.001 E15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1528 November 15, 2018 
his friendship and support of my work. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
f 
IN HONOR OF BU`I B/_190NH BAˆN 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Mr. Bu`i B/_189nh Baˆn, a well-respected leader who has made significant impacts on the Vietnamese community in Orange County, California. Mr. Bu`i B/_189nh Baˆn was born in 1937, in Nam Dinh, Vietnam. In 1954, he migrated to the South of Vietnam and continued his higher education. In 1958, he graduated and became an agricultural engineering professor training many engineers and officers in the field of ag-riculture in the South of Vietnam. Mr. Bu`i left Vietnam and settled in Southern California where he dedicated his life to the Vietnamese community here. He served as the President of the Vietnamese American Federation Association of Southern California for two consecutive terms (1994 to 1998). In 2002, he established the Federation of Over-seas Free Vietnamese Communities Tele-vision, FreeVN.Net, to livestream Vietnamese community events without accepting any com-pensation, advertisement or staff offers. His recordings are particularly valuable to not only the Vietnamese community, but other Viet-namese media. In 2010, he became the Advi-sor for the Institute of Vietnamese Studies and has been in this position until today. Mr. Bu`i has lived blissfully for 81 years. His passing is a tremendous loss to the Viet-namese community in Orange County. In memory of his passing, I’d like to take this mo-ment to recognize his contributions, dedica-tion, and continuous efforts in preserving and developing the Vietnamese history, culture, activities, and most importantly, community in Orange County. He will always be remem-bered as a kind, devoted, and prominent Viet-namese community leader. 
f 
HONORING TODD HIDAY 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Todd Hiday for his contribution to our state and Henry County. Todd has served two stints as the County Chairman in Henry County. His leadership and vision have helped advance Republican prin-ciples and make the County a better place. He is also someone I could count on for honest and candid advice. Our state is better off today because of Todd’s extraordinary leader-ship and service. On a personal note, Todd was among my earliest and most vocal supporters. He is a loyal friend and wise adviser. I want to thank him for his friendship and support of my work in Congress and wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. HONORING DOWELL TAYLOR HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Mr. Dowell Taylor for his recent induction into the National Black College Alumni Hall of Fame Foundation. Mr. Taylor is a native of Jackson, Mis-sissippi. He is a graduate of Callaway High School and Jackson State University (JSU) where he received a Bachelor’s in Music Edu-cation, as well as a Master’s in Music Edu-cation. During his undergraduate years, he ar-ranged over 100 band selections including JSU’s current theme song, ‘‘Get Ready,’’ an old Motown favorite. Mr. Taylor decided to fur-ther his study by enrolling in the Doctor of Mu-sical Arts program in Wind Conducting at the University of Cincinnati’s College Conservatory of Music. He then went on to receive a certifi-cation in Music Technology from the Tech-nology Institute for Music Educators. In 1975, he received the highest achieve-ment of a JSU bandsman, the ‘‘Best All Around Bandsman’’ award. Mr. Taylor has served as Director of Bands at both Mary Holmes, Jr. College and Kentucky State Uni-versity—where he also served as department chair. From 1984 to 1992, he served as Direc-tor of Music Technology and the Director of Bands of one of the most entertaining pro-grams in HBCU history, the ‘‘Sonic Boom of the South.’’ In 2009, he developed the Music Tech-nology degree program for undergraduate stu-dents at Jackson State University, accredited by the National Association of Schools of Music, and in 2010, he was honored by the Mississippi Jazz Foundation. Mr. Taylor’s Jazz Quartet received the Jazz Group of the Year Award from the Jackson Music Award, Inc. After 31 years of service, he retired from Jackson State University in June of 2015. But, that did not stop him from coming back in September of 2017 to serve as Interim Direc-tor of Bands, Assistant Professor of Music and Director of Music Technology at Jackson State University. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Dowell Taylor on his induc-tion into the National Black College Alumni Hall of Fame Foundation along with his years of dedicated leadership and servanthood to the art and craft of music. 
f 
HONORING STEVE AUSTIN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Steve Austin for his contribution to our state and country. I first met Steve while we were working for former Congressman David McIntosh in the 1990s. We’ve been friends ever since. He is an incredible leader and has gone on to have a remarkable career at Red Gold in Elwood. His advocacy work has made a tremendous difference, and our state is better off today be-cause of his service. I would like to thank him for his advice and support over all these years. Without a doubt, Steve has been among my earliest and most vocal supporters in Delaware County. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his future. f 
RAISING AWARENESS TO ALZHEIMER’S 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the heavy toll that Alz-heimer’s exacts on those who are unfortunate enough to suffer from the disease, the impacts to their family and loved ones, and to the American people. This devastating disease greatly erodes the sufferers’ standard of living, strains their finances, and can place an enor-mous burden on those who care for them. However, despite these troubling realities, it is my hope that through raising awareness and increasing research funding we can lower the number of Americans that suffer with this dis-ease and prevent its dire consequences. The most common form of Dementia in America is Alzheimer’s. There are about 5.7 million Americans living with the disease and 110,000 in Georgia alone, age 65 and older. Far from being a disease limited to the elderly though, approximately 200,000 Americans younger than age 65 are living with younger onset Alzheimer’s (also known as early-onset). But at any age, an Alzheimer’s diagnosis is extremely tragic. As I mentioned, Mr. Speaker, Alzheimer’s can also cause severe financial burdens, not only for the patient but for their families and caregivers as well. Currently, 16.1 million Americans are providing unpaid care for peo-ple with Alzheimer’s or another dementia. These caregivers provided approximately 18.4 billion hours of care last year valued at more than $232 billion. We here in Congress must do more to support those patients and care-givers. Mr. Speaker, African American elders are two to three times more likely to have Alz-heimer’s disease compared with whites and research shows that older Hispanics are about one-and-a-half times as likely as older whites to develop Alzheimer’s and other dementias. So it is imperative that we educate these com-munities on warning signs of the disease, so that they will have a better understanding of the impact of a diagnosis, and are better posi-tioned to seek the opinion of medical experts and to plan and prepare for the future. Despite the potential for tragic outcomes, there is reason for optimism. We can and should continue to fund Alzheimer’s research, and to support patients and caregivers as they seek treatment for this condition. Even though the cause of Alzheimer’s is still unclear, the damaging effects it has on people are. So please Mr. Speaker, I ask you and the rest of our colleagues to join me while we raise awareness of this terrible illness, and seek to support those around the country who are touched by it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.005 E15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1529 November 15, 2018 
HONORING WILL STATOM 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Will Statom for his contribution to our state and country. Will is a true patriot and someone I could al-ways rely on for on-the-ground political advice. Until his retirement, Will worked tirelessly to advance Republican values and to improve the quality of life for Hoosiers living in Dela-ware County Our state is better off today be-cause of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Will was among my earliest and most vocal supporters. I would like to thank him for his loyal friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him in his retirement. 
f 
TERRORISM REMAINS A DEADLY CHALLENGE WE MUST CONFRONT 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the threat of terrorism remains a deadly challenge for us and our allies around the globe. In the last four years alone, we have seen the ability of terrorist groups—many of which we had thought we had defeated—to evolve and at-tract thousands of recruits to their violent cause. ISIS, al-Qaeda, Iran, and all their affili-ates and proxies are still active and waiting in the shadows for an opportunity to strike again. Although we have made great progress against these terrorists on the battlefields of Iraq, Syria, Libya, and Afghanistan, our gains remain fragile. Just last week, a report by the Pentagon warned that ISIS fighters have moved underground and are regrouping. We must not become complacent again. We must continue to be vigilant until the ideologies that motivate violent extremism are cast into the dustbin of history. I applaud the White House’s new National Strategy for Counterterrorism. This document drastically changed the U.S. government’s perspective on the war on terrorism. It cor-rectly frames the battle in terms of an endur-ing challenge that must be managed to protect the homeland, instead of a mission that has a beginning and end. It clearly recognizes the broad and diverse challenges we face from terrorism, including Iran’s growing network of terrorist proxies and the ability of terrorists to exploit cyberspace. The strategy prioritizes countering terrorist use of the Internet for radicalization, recruit-ment, and fundraising. This is a priority I intro-duced into the State Authorities bill last Con-gress and I am glad the White House is taking it seriously. The strategy also makes clear that this fight is not America’s burden alone. Our international partners play an important role. We can empower them by bolstering their ca-pabilities and increasing cooperation. That is where the State Department’s Counterterrorism Bureau comes in. Created in 1972 in response to the Munich Olympics at-tack, the Bureau forges partnerships with for-eign governments, multilateral organizations, and NGOs to coordinate and advance U.S. counterterrorism objectives that enhance glob-al security as well as our own. Under that broad mission it has several core responsibilities, including coordinating strategy across the State Department and other agen-cies, conducting counterterrorism diplomacy, and building capacity of partner nations to ad-dress terrorist threats within their own. Given the enduring threat from terrorism that we and our allies face, it is crucial that CT Bureau does its job effectively and efficiently. It is our job in Congress to ensure that the American taxpayers are getting their money’s worth. When we are talking about millions of dollars going towards programs abroad, the people of my district are right to demand how it contributes to their safety and security. This is all the more important given that the Bureau has seen significant funding cuts over recent years. With limited resources every penny must be spent wisely. For example, the State Department’s In-spector General filed a report last year that found much of the antiterrorism assistance we had been given to Pakistan was not being used, including dozens of courses not imple-mented. I am pleased to hear the Bureau has since repurposed many of the resources that had been sent to Pakistan to other more worthwhile programs. We cannot afford to throw good money after bad. Effective moni-toring and evaluation programs are crucial to spotting what is not working and making changes that do. For instance, we need assurances that the programming initiated and implemented by CT Bureau to prevent radicalization actually works. Is the Bureau still in the business of ‘‘countering violent extremism’’ (CVE)? If so, has the Bureau developed any mechanisms to prove that such programming works? I appreciated the strong comments against Iranian-backed terrorism by the State Depart-ment’s Coordinator for Counterterrorism, Am-bassador Nathan Sales, which were at the Washington Institute on November 13. I am eager to see our government go one step fur-ther than just designating the IRGC for ter-rorist activity. If we mean business, we must go after the Iran’s terrorist proxies in Iraq and Syria. I applaud Treasury’s designations of four Hezbollah-affiliated terrorists in Iraq. Now the State Department must follow suit and finally designate groups like Asa’ib Ahl al-Haq and Harakat Hezbollah al-Nujaba for what they are: foreign terrorist organizations. At the very least, their affiliation with the IRGC should be enough to meet the criteria for designation. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING STATE SENATOR JEFF RAATZ 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize State Senator Jeff Raatz for his contribution to our state. Jeff represents Randolph, Wayne, Union, Dearborn, Franklin and Fayette counties in the Indiana State Senate. He continues to be a strong advocate on a wide variety of important issues, including education, workforce, and the state’s budget. It was a pleasure to work with him and our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Jeff is a loyal friend, wise adviser, and friend in faith. I want to thank Jeff for his friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued suc-cess in all that God has planned for him and his family. f 
RECOGNIZING COL. CHARLIE JONES ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of a true public servant, Colonel Charles ‘‘Charlie’’ Jones, on his retirement as Chief Deputy of the Baldwin County Sheriff’s Office (BCSO). Throughout his career, Col. Jones displayed a deep devotion to Baldwin County and exceptional leadership. He has had an immeasurable impact on the lives of countless members of our community. Col. Jones began his career in uniform in 1980 as a volunteer for the Fairhope Police Department. This attitude of selfless service has been the theme of his entire career as a first responder in Southwest Alabama. In 1981, Col. Jones became a patrol officer with the Fairhope Police, and then in 1983 he transitioned to the Baldwin County Sheriff’s Office. In the Baldwin County Sheriff’s Office, Col. Jones proved himself as an outstanding officer in the Narcotics Division, quickly working his way up the ranks to be a Lieutenant in the Narcotics Division by 1991. Just seven years later, he was promoted once again to Captain in the Patrol Division, as well as the com-mander of the ERT (SWAT) teams. Since 2007, Col. Jones has served as the Chief Deputy, a testament to his leadership and in-credible ability as a law enforcement officer. Col. Jones has worked under three sheriffs of Baldwin County throughout his career and has received several awards and acknowl-edgements throughout his tenure with the BCSO. He was awarded Best Participant and the Officer Survival Training Award at the South West Alabama Police Academy; Officer of the Year by the Perdido Bay Optimist Club; and recognized twice by U.S. Customs Serv-ice for Outstanding Contributions to their oper-ations. Perhaps chief among his accomplish-ments is that he organized the most progres-sive and longest serving Multi-Jurisdictional Narcotics Task Force in Southwest Alabama. He also serves on the Gulf Coast High In-tensity Drug Trafficking Area Initiative Board of Directors, the 911 Board, is a member of the National Sheriffs Association and the Alabama Narcotics Association, and previously served on the Board of Directors for the Spanish Fort Fire Rescue. As he enters the next chapter of his life, I wish Charlie, his wife Debbie, children and grandchildren all the best as they get to enjoy more time with each other. I know that in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.011 E15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1530 November 15, 2018 
new chapter, Col. Jones will continue to serve the public in every way he can through his tireless efforts to make our community a safer, stronger, and overall better place to be. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the incredible service of Col. Charlie Jones as he leaves a legacy of 38 years to a grateful community. It is difficult to express our grati-tude in mere words, but on behalf of Ala-bama’s First Congressional District and the United States House of Representatives, we simply say: thank you. 
f 
HONORING STATE REPRESENTATIVE RANDY FRYE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize State Representative Randy Frye for his contribution to our state. Since 2010, Randy has represented Dear-born, Decatur, Jefferson, Jennings, Ripley, Ohio and Switzerland counties with honor and integrity in the Indiana General Assembly. He continues to be a strong advocate for Hoosier veterans at the Statehouse, and without a doubt Indiana is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, I want to thank Randy for his friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. f 
HONORING STATE REPRESENTATIVE TOM SAUNDERS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize State Representative Tom Saunders for his contribution to our state. For 22 years, Tom has represented East Central Indiana with honor and integrity in the Indiana General Assembly. He has always put the interests of his district first and continues to be a strong advocate for improving our schools, rebuilding Indiana’s infrastructure and giving a voice to our local governments. It was an honor to serve with him during my time in the Indiana General Assembly. On a personal note, Tom has been a loyal friend and wise adviser during my entire ten-ure in Congress. I thank him for his friendship and support of my work and wish Tom and his wife, Sue, continued success in all that God has planned for their family. f 
HONORING STATE REPRESENTATIVE DICK HAMM 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 15, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize State Representative Dick Hamm for his contribution to our state. Dick represents Wayne County with honor and integrity in the Indiana General Assembly. Through his work at the Boys and Girls Club and other local organizations, Dick has made a positive impact in his community. He con-tinues to be a strong advocate for Hoosier families at the Statehouse, and Indiana is bet-ter off today because of Dick’s extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, I want to thank Dick for his friendship and support of my work in Con-gress. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.014 E15NOPT1
D1178 Thursday, November 15, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6969–S7066 Measures Introduced: Twenty-eight bills and eighteen resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3628–3655, S. Res. 688–703, and S. Con. Res. 51–52.
                                                                     Pages S7050–52 
Measures Reported: S. 2062, to require the Secretary of Agriculture to convey at market value certain National Forest Sys-tem land in the State of Arizona, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–366) S. 2297, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain National Forest System land to Cus-ter County, South Dakota, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–367) S. 2831, to redesignate Golden Spike National Historic Site and to establish the Transcontinental Railroad Network, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–368) H.R. 132, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to convey certain land and appurtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District. (S. Rept. No. 115–369) H.R. 4895, to establish the Medgar Evers Home National Monument in the State of Mississippi, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–370) S. 2876, to amend the National Trails System Act to provide for the study of the Pike National His-toric Trail. (S. Rept. No. 115–371) Report to accompany S. 593, to amend the Pitt-man-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to facilitate the establishment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States. (S. Rept. No. 115–372) S. 685, to authorize the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System and the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System in the States of Montana and North Dakota, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–373)
              Page S7050 Measures Passed: Enrollment Correction: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 51, to correct the enrollment of S. 140. 
                                                                                            Page S7019 
Small Business Saturday: Senate agreed to S. Res. 692, recognizing November 24, 2018, as ‘‘Small Business Saturday’’ and celebrating the vital role of small businesses, along with the efforts of the Small Business Administration, to help people in the United States start, build, and grow businesses. 
                                                                                    Pages S7062–63 
Women’s Business Ownership Act: Senate agreed to S. Res. 693, celebrating October 25, 2018, as the 30th anniversary of the passage of the Women’s Business Ownership Act of 1988, while com-mending the unique entrepreneurial spirit shared by women small business owners of the United States. 
                                                                                    Pages S7062–63 
Condemning the Horrific, anti-Semitic Attack at a Synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 694, condemning the horrific, anti-Semitic attack at a synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, expressing support and prayers for all those affected by the tragedy, and applauding the dedication and bravery of law enforcement and emer-gency response officials in responding to the attack. 
                                                                                    Pages S7062–63 
National Apprenticeship Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 695, designating the week beginning No-vember 12, 2018, as ‘‘National Apprenticeship Week’’.
                                                                    Pages S7062–63 
Permitting Charitable Collections: Senate agreed to S. Res. 696, permitting the collection of clothing, toys, food, and housewares during the holiday season for charitable purposes in Senate buildings. 
                                                                                    Pages S7062–63 
National College Application Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 697, designating November 2018 as ‘‘National College Application Month’’. 
                                                                                    Pages S7062–63 
National Bison Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 698, designating November 3, 2018, as National Bison Day.
                                                             Pages S7062–63 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO8.REC D15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1179 November 15, 2018 
Drive Safer Sunday: Senate agreed to S. Res. 699, designating November 25, 2018, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday’’.
                                                     Pages S7062–63 
Relative to the Death of the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Huddleston: Senate agreed to S. Res. 700, relative to the death of the Honorable Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Huddleston, former United States Senator for the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
                      Pages S7062–63 
National GIS Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 701, designating November 15, 2018, as ‘‘National GIS Day’’.
                                                                        Pages S7062–63 
Private Henry Svehla Post Office Building: Sen-ate passed S. 3209, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 413 Wash-ington Avenue in Belleville, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Pri-vate Henry Svehla Post Office Building’’.
    Page S7063 
Richard W. Williams, Jr., Chapter of the Triple Nickles (555th P.I.A.) Post Office: Senate passed S. 3237, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 12th Street Lobby in Columbus Georgia, as the Richard W. Williams, Jr., Chapter of the Triple Nickles (555th P.I.A.) Post Office, after agreeing to the committee amendments. 
                                                                                            Page S7063 
Captain Matthew J. August Post Office: Senate passed S. 3414, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Cap-tain Matthew J. August Post Office’’.
            Page S7063 
Arla W. Harrell Post Office: Senate passed S. 3442, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Missouri, as the ‘‘Arla W. Harrell Post Office’’. 
                                                                                            Page S7063 
Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 606, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, California, as the ‘‘Har-old D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building’’. 
                                                                                            Page S7063 
Mission Veterans Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 1209, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Fran-cisco Avenue, Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Vet-erans Post Office Building’’.
                                Page S7063 
Jack H. Brown Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 2979, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building’’.
                             Page S7063 
Harmon Killebrew Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 3230, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Building’’.                                            Page S7063 
Corporal Jeffrey Allen Williams Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 4407, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the ‘Corporal Jeffrey Allen Williams Post Office Building’, after agreeing to the committee amend-ments.
                                                                      Pages S7063–64 
Wayne K. Curry Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 4890, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Building’’.
                        Page S7064 
Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Build-ing: Senate passed H.R. 4913, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 816 East Salisbury Parkway in Salisbury, Maryland, as the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Build-ing’’.
                                                                                 Page S7064 
Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 4946, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’.
                           Page S7064 
Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Build-ing: Senate passed H.R. 4960, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’. 
                                                                                            Page S7064 
Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Build-ing: Senate passed H.R. 5349, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1325 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Build-ing’’.
                                                                                 Page S7064 
Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Build-ing: Senate passed H.R. 5504, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’.
                                            Page S7064 
Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 5737, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illinois, as the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’.
                                                   Page S7064 
Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 5784, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO8.REC D15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1180 November 15, 2018 
Wisconsin, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’.
        Page S7064 
Bill Harris Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 5868, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Avenue in Ash-land, Ohio, as the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Office’’. 
                                                                                            Page S7064 
Logan S. Palmer Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 5935, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illinois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office’’.
                                                                           Page S7064 
Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 6116, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Al-fred Asch Post Office’’.
                                           Page S7064 
Small Business Administration disaster loans: Senate passed S. 3554, to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Administration disaster loans.
         Page S7064 
Hidden Figures Congressional Gold Medal Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 3321, to award Congressional Gold Medals to Kath-erine Johnson and Dr. Christine Darden, to post-humously award Congressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson, and to award a Congressional Gold Medal to honor all of the women who contributed to the success of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration during the Space Race, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S7064 
McConnell (for Coons) Amendment No. 4061, in the nature of a substitute.
                             Pages S7064–65 
McConnell (for Coons) Amendment No. 4062, to amend the title.
                                                          Page S7065 
Measures Considered: Certain Defense Articles and Services to the Government of the Kingdom of Bahrain: By 77 yeas to 21 nays (Vote No. 243), Senate tabled the motion to discharge S.J. Res. 65, relating to the dis-approval of the proposed export to the Government of the Kingdom of Bahrain of certain defense articles and services.
                                                          Pages S7020–27 
House Messages: Amy, Vicky, and Andy Child Pornography Vic-tim Assistance Act of 2018: Senate concurred in the amendment of the House to S. 2152, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornography.
                     Pages S7065–66 Appointments: National Security Commission on Artificial In-telligence: The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Democratic Leader of the Senate and Vice Chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence, appointed the following individual as a member of the National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence: Senator Heinrich. Cyberspace Solarium Commission: The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on Armed Services, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, appointed the following individual to serve as a member of the Cyberspace Solarium Com-mission: Senator King (Senate). Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding the adoption of the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 140, to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard, with a further amendment; that McConnell (for Thune) Modified Amendment No. 4054, in the nature of a substitute, be further modi-fied with the changes at the desk.
     Pages S6973–S7019 
Authorizing Leadership to Make Appoint-ments—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agree-ment was reached providing that, notwithstanding the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the Presi-dent of the Senate, the President pro tempore, and the Majority and Minority Leaders be authorized to make appointments to commissions, committees, boards, conferences, or interparliamentary conferences authorized by law, by concurrent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate.
                    Page S7066 
John Hervey Wheeler United States Court-house—Referral Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that H.R. 3460, to designate the United States courthouse located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Caro-lina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’, be discharged from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and referred to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works.
                                                                      Page S7066 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, November 16, 2018 at 3 p.m.; Tuesday, November 20, 2018 at 10 a.m.; Fri-day, November 23, 2018 at 12 noon; and that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, November 23, 2018, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO8.REC D15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1181 November 15, 2018 
it next convene at 3 p.m., on Monday, November 26, 2018.
                                                                       Page S7066 
Vaden Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture.
                                  Page S7035 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, November 15, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, No-vember 26, 2018.
                                                      Page S7035 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S7035 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the nomi-nation at approximately 3 p.m. on Monday, Novem-ber 26, 2018, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided between the two Leaders or their designees; and that the cloture motions filed on Thursday, No-vember 15, 2018 ripen at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, November 26, 2018.
                                               Page S7066 
Kelley Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce. 
                                                                                            Page S7035 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture.
                                                             Page S7035 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S7035 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S7035 
Farr Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consider-ation of the nomination of Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina.
                                                     Page S7036 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Penn-sylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce. 
                                                                                            Page S7036 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.                                                                  Page S7036 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S7036 
Kobes Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit.
                                                   Page S7036 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina.
                                                     Page S7036 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S7036 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S7036 
Kraninger Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection.
                                  Page S7036 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit.
                                                            Page S7036 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S7036 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S7036 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 64 yeas to 34 nays (Vote No. EX. 244), Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from Feb-ruary 1, 2006.
                                                     Pages S7027–29 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Daniel B. Maffei, of New York, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for a term expiring June 30, 2022. L. E. Sola, of Florida, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for a term expiring June 30, 2023. John P. Abizaid, of Nevada, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO8.REC D15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1182 November 15, 2018 
Kate Marie Byrnes, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Macedonia. Arthur B. Culvahouse, Jr., of Tennessee, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of Australia. James S. Gilmore, of Virginia, to be U.S. Rep-resentative to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, with the rank of Ambassador. Brett P. Giroir, of Texas, to be Representative of the United States on the Executive Board of the World Health Organization. Lana J. Marks, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of South Africa. Alan R. Swendiman, of North Carolina, to be Deputy Director of the Peace Corps. Matthew H. Tueller, of Utah, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Iraq.
                                         Page S7066 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Mark Montgomery, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, which was sent to the Senate on June 20, 2018.
                                                     Page S7066 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7048 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S7048 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7048–50 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S7050 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7052–53 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7053–54 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7046–48 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7061–62 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7062 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—244)
                                                 Pages S7027, S7029 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Senator Walter ‘‘Dee’’ Huddleston, in ac-cordance with S. Res. 700, at 5:32 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Friday, November 16, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7066.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
FEDERAL RESERVE’S SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE FINANCIAL SYSTEM Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the semiannual testimony on the Federal Reserve’s super-vision and regulation of the financial system, after receiving testimony from Randal K. Quarles, Vice Chairman for Supervision, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. NOMINATIONS Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Rita Baranwal, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Nuclear Energy), who was intro-duced by Senator Risch, Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, who was introduced by Senator Cruz, and Raymond David Vela, of Texas, to be Director of the National Park Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, who was introduced by Senator Cornyn. FUNDING NEEDS FOR WILDLIFE CONSERVATION Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine funding needs for wildlife conservation, recovery, and man-agement, after receiving testimony from John Ken-nedy, Wyoming Game and Fish Department, Chey-enne; Michael McShane, Ducks Unlimited, Johns Is-land, South Carolina; and Eric Schwaab, Catonsville, Maryland. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Andrew M. Saul, of New York, to be Commissioner of Social Security for the term expiring January 19, 2019, and Gail S. Ennis, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, both of the Social Security Administration, and Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. NOMINATIONS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Ronald D. Vitiello, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, and Richard S. Tischner, of Virginia, to be Director of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, after the nominees tes-tified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of and Kim Gaffney, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Wisconsin, Bradley Jay LaRose, to be United States Marshal for the District of Vermont, and Douglas J. Strike, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Iowa, all of the Department of Justice. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO8.REC D15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1183 November 15, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public bills, H.R. 7136–7138, and 1 resolution, H. Res. 1148, were introduced.
                                   Pages H9538–39 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H9539 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Simpson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H9527 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:20 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H9536 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H9537. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea and nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:10 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3593, the ‘‘Securing Our Borders and Wilderness Act’’; H.R. 5025, to amend the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation Act to limit the imposition of pen-alties against a person fishing on a United States flag fishing vessel in certain areas of the Pacific Ocean based on a report by an observer on such a vessel; H.R. 6507, the ‘‘Oil Region National Heritage Area Reauthorization Act’’; H.R. 6602, to reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route, and for other purposes; H.R. 6652, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain facilities, easements, and rights-of-way to the Kennewick Irrigation Dis-trict, and for other purposes; H.R. 6939, the ‘‘Re-storing Local Input and Access to Public Lands Act of 2018’’; S. 245, the ‘‘Indian Tribal Energy Devel-opment and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2017’’; and S. 669, the ‘‘Columbia River In-Lieu and Treaty Fishing Access Sites Improvement Act’’. H.R. 3593 and H.R. 6652 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 5025, H.R. 6507, H.R. 6602, H.R. 6939, S. 245, and S. 669 were ordered reported, without amendment. EXAMINING MISCONDUCT AND RETALIATION AT THE U.S. FOREST SERVICE Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Mis-conduct and Retaliation at the U.S. Forest Service’’. Testimony was heard from Vicki Christiansen, Chief, U.S. Forest Service; Phyllis K. Fong, Inspector Gen-eral, Department of Agriculture; and a public wit-ness. EXPLORING VA’S OVERSIGHT OF CONTRACT DISABILITY EXAMINATIONS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Exploring VA’s Oversight of Contract Disability Examinations’’. Testimony was heard from Margarita Devlin, Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Benefits, Veterans Benefits Administration, De-partment of Veterans Affairs; and Elizabeth H. Curda, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security Team, Government Accountability Office. A CONTINUED REVIEW OF GI BILL PAYMENT DELAYS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Con-tinued Review of GI Bill Payment Delays’’. Testi-mony was heard from Paul R. Lawrence, Undersecre-tary for Benefits, Veterans Benefit Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and a public wit-ness. 
Joint Meetings 
BUDGET AND APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS REFORM Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Proc-ess Reform: Committee began a markup of the Com-mittee’s report, recommendations, and legislative language, but did not complete action thereon, and will meet again at 2 p.m., on Tuesday, November 27, 2018. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO8.REC D15NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1184 November 15, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Friday, November 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, November 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of H.R. 6784—Man-age our Wolves Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E1527, E1529 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1528 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1527, E1527, E1527, E1528, E1528, E1529, E1529, E1530, E1530, E1530 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1529 Scott, David, Ga., E1528 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1527 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1528 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Nov 16, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15NO8.REC D15NOPT1