Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1655 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 19, 2018 No. 47 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, March 19, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ARK M
EADOWS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
NATIONAL PHYSICIANS WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, March 25 through March 31 is National Physi-cians Week. As a practicing physician for nearly 30 years, I would like to use my time today to acknowledge the dedicated doctors nationwide who de-vote their lives to providing quality care for our patients. I am so thankful for the doctors who have led the charge to observe a week dedicated to our Nation’s physicians, and especially thanks to Dr. Kimberly Jackson. Dr. Jackson is a true pioneer for the medical profession. In June of 2015, she founded the Physicians Work-ing Together organization. This group was created to bring physicians to-gether from a broad spectrum of spe-cialties. Dr. Jackson then, just 1 year later, established the last week in March as National Physicians Week. This year’s celebration will include a physician-led virtual conference hosted by the Physicians Working Together group. The conference is available for free and will provide physicians with valuable ways to improve their every-day practice. The virtual sessions will also highlight ways that physicians can take action in policy through advo-cacy groups and navigate the world of politics. I encourage my friends in the medical industry to tune in. As an obstetrician/gynecologist, I have had the privilege of building rela-tionships with patients that I will al-ways hold dear to my heart. There is nothing quite like watching a family grow before your eyes and having a hand in their healthy growing. Although government regulations piled on over the years have continued to make it difficult to build and nur-ture these relationships, my patients have become no less important nor less of a priority to me. I know this to be the case for many other doctors throughout the Nation. During my time practicing medicine in Great Bend, Kansas, I had the oppor-tunity to work alongside many fellow physicians who practice with a level of care that I want for my own family, physicians who are more than deserv-ing of a week of appreciation. So please take a few moments to show your sup-port for your local physicians. For more information regarding the conference, I would ask you to check out the National Physicians Week Facebook page, or look at my own so-cial media pages for more ways to spread the word. IT IS TIME TO STAND UP FOR AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to talk about the events of Friday night and concern for the continued special counsel position of Robert Mueller. On Friday night, late, the Deputy Di-rector of the FBI, Mr. Andrew McCabe, was fired. I haven’t seen the IG report. Nobody has seen it. It won’t be avail-able until April. But it is concerning that, that late at night, people were working at Justice to fire a career em-ployee and possibly deprive him of his pension. Mr. McCabe believes the reason he was fired was because of his knowledge of Mr. Comey’s conversations with the President, and his own conversations with the President, and his being a cor-roborating witness. I don’t know what the cause was, but the process was awful. It was rushed, and it seemed to violate the due process rights of this career Federal employee. And then to watch the President of the United States, a multibillionaire, spike the ball on being able to deprive a 20-year Federal employee of a pen-sion was cruel, un-American, and mean-spirited. It was a shot across the bow at other government officials who are doing their jobs—Justice Depart-ment officials, FBI officials, law en-forcement officials who love this coun-try and put their lives on the line—and that if they don’t agree with the Mueller investigation continuing; or if they see concerns about the United States President and his campaign and some involvement with Russia or with obstruction of justice, or violations of emoluments clauses; that they too risk their jobs and risk their pensions, and risk their financial security. It is a scary time in America, and we are looking at the abyss. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.000 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1656 March 19, 2018 
In December, I was concerned about this as well. And Representative W
AL-
TERJONES from North Carolina, a Re-publican, and I, have a bipartisan bill, H.R. 4669, which has a Senate com-panion filed, and is bipartisan as well, by Senator T
ILLIS and Senator C OONS , which is S. 1741; and it gives the special counsel due process if he is fired for causes that are not objective—related to his job and the performance of his duties. But it means he couldn’t be fired for politics and he couldn’t be fired to squelch an investigation concerning the very fundamentals of this country and allegiance and adherence to the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America for which we have all taken an oath to uphold. Noth-ing is more sacred. If the President has done nothing wrong, as he has said on many occa-sions, and he has tweeted recently about Mr. Mueller and said it is a ‘‘witch hunt’’ and said there is no col-lusion. If there is no collusion, if there is no obstruction of justice, if there are no violations, the President should, as Representative T
REY GOWDY has said, welcome the continuation of the inves-tigation to clear him. As Representative T
REYGOWDY said: He is not acting like a man who is in-nocent. And Representative C
HARLIE  D
ENThas said similar things. If you have nothing to hide, why stop an investigation if there is nothing to find? And if there is something to find and something for the American people to know about, and for Congress to know about and act on, then it is in-cumbent on us to protect Mr. Mueller and protect that investigation. That is why we have these bipartisan bills. I know there is Democratic sup-port for these bills, but there hasn’t been Republican support that I know of, beyond Senator T
ILLIS and Rep-resentative W
ALTER JONES . I call on Speaker R
YAN to schedule this bill, have it scheduled in Rep-resentative G
OODLATTE ’s committee, my committee, the Judiciary Com-mittee, for a hearing, or bring it di-rectly to the floor for a vote. I call on Representative G
OODLATTE  to schedule the bill for a markup and have it voted on. But, more importantly, I call on my Republican colleagues to stand up for America and stand up for their oath of office. We get along, Republicans and Demo-crats. Republicans are good people, too. They have different thoughts on cer-tain issues and different perspectives than most Democrats and I do. But we all believe in an America that should not be capitulating to Russia, and an America that shouldn’t be seeing the Constitution shredded and laws vio-lated. So I call on my Republican col-leagues to look into their soul, look into their heart, remember their oath. Sign on to H.R. 4669, as Representative W
ALTER JONES has, and stand up for America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
NEVER AGAIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, over 4 weeks have passed since our Na-tion suffered an unspeakable tragedy in Parkland, Florida, where we lost 17 souls that we cannot get back. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the names of these young, brave souls who will move this country to act to protect other young students across this Nation. 
Alyssa Alhadeff, Scott Beigel, Martin Duque Anguiano, Nicholas Dworet, Aaron Feis, Jaime Guttenberg, Chris Hixon, Luke Hoyer, Cara Loughran, Gina Montalto, Joa-quin Oliver, Alaina Petty, Meadow Pollack, Helena Ramsay, Alex Schachter, Carmen Schentrup, Peter Wang. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I have met with the brave students of Parkland. I have also met with the par-ent of one of those lost souls. I have met with students and parents and teachers alike in my own district in Pennsylvania. I have seen the fear and the anxiety in their demeanor. I have seen the tears in their eyes. They are asking for this Congress to do what past Congresses have failed to do. Mr. Speaker, there were countless missed signals and missed opportuni-ties that could have prevented this tragedy from happening. However, this is not the time for finger-pointing; this is a time for healing, and, more impor-tantly, this is a time for action. We were elected to Congress not to hide from tough decisions, not to be afraid to tackle tough problems. Mr. Speaker, we were elected to lead, and lead we must. As a 14-year FBI agent, I carried a weapon on my ankle every day in order to save lives and keep people safe. And as a Federal gun crimes prosecutor, I prosecuted and imprisoned those who committed violent gun crimes in order to protect people, in my role as a pros-ecutor, and keep our communities safe. Keeping our communities safe and protecting the Second Amendment are not mutually exclusive concepts. We can advance both and preserve both si-multaneously. All we need to do, Mr. Speaker, is be willing to do what every American wants us to do, which is put away ideology and come together in a bipartisan fashion. Of all the responsibilities we have, of all of the responsibilities we have, we have no higher responsibility as elected officials, and as citizens, than to pro-tect our kids. After the terror attacks of Sep-tember 11, we said: Never again. Never again will we allow terrorists to seize control of a cockpit and turn a com-mercial airliner into a guided missile. What did we do? We created the De-partment of Homeland Security; we de-ployed a Federal Air Marshal Service, the likes of which this country has never seen; we fortified our cockpits; we deployed state-of-the-art screening equipment across our Nation’s 450-plus airports across the country. We said: Never again. I am calling on my colleagues to have the same response to school shootings: Never again. Mr. Speaker, the bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus, of which I am a proud member, has developed a well-thought- out list of 10 legislative proposals that help us achieve this goal, to protect our kids, to say never again to this needless violence. I urge my colleagues in this House, Democrat and Republican alike, to show leadership in tackling these tough issues. Call for a floor vote and support these bipartisan proposals. Let’s do it for our kids. They need us now more than ever. f 
GUN SAFETY PROVISIONS MAKE A DIFFERENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciated the presentation from my friend from Pennsylvania. I could not agree more that it is time for us to come forward with action. It was my honor this morning to ad-dress the Council of the Great City Schools, who are gathered in our Na-tion’s Capitol—board members, super-intendents, dealing with the challenges of education. And they are standing in solidarity with the young people who have raised their voices calling upon Congress to finally act. One of the things that is deeply trou-bling is that the Republican leadership refuses to allow a robust debate and ac-tion on the floor of the House. There are dozens of provisions that we can come together, produce majorities, enact legislation that will protect chil-dren’s lives. Mr. Speaker, the Council of the Great City Schools had a resolution calling upon us to take action that I include in the R
ECORD . 
RESOLUTION  
COUNCIL OF THE GREAT CITY SCHOOLS , RELAT -
ING TO SCHOOL SHOOTINGS IN THE UNITED  
STATES  WHEREAS, the Bylaws of the Council of the Great City Schools assign the Board of Directors all powers and duties necessary to define the policies and positions of the orga-nization and state that the Board may con-duct acts in furtherance of those polices, ex-cept where the organization is prohibited from doing so by law or other governing doc-uments; WHEREAS, there is a need for the nation’s major city school systems to express their positions on school safety matters that af-fect its students and the children residing in its cities; WHEREAS, thousands of our students have publicly expressed concern for their safety 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.003 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1657 March 19, 2018 
and well-being and have indicated that pol-icymakers should act immediately to pro-tect them in school and beyond; WHEREAS, the leaders of the nation’s major city public school systems respect the concerns of their students, and support the growing civic and social participation of high school students that was inspired by re-cent events; WHEREAS, since the school shooting in Columbine in 1999, there have been numerous other school shootings, including those in Red Lake (MN), Lancaster (PA), Blacksburg (VA), Chardon (OH), Cleveland (OH), Sandy Hook (CT), Broward County (FL), and many others that have taken scores of young lives; WHEREAS, too many of our young people are shot and killed on the streets of our major cities almost every day; WHEREAS, Americans are 25 times more likely to be killed with a gun than people in other developed countries; WHEREAS, Americans make up about 4.4 percent of the world’s population but own some 42 percent of the world’s guns; WHEREAS, assault weapons have no place in society and other types of guns are too easily obtained; WHEREAS, teachers are not trained law enforcement officers, and should not be asked or incentivized to keep weapons acces-sible in their classrooms; WHEREAS, there is no reason based on any viable research to suggest that adding guns into a school setting or arming teachers would prevent these acts of violence; WHEREAS, schools across the country need considerable additional resources to plan for the possibility of such acts of vio-lence, coordinate with law enforcement, and secure their buildings from intruders; WHEREAS, many schools lack the mental health counselors, psychologists, and social workers they need to identify and work with students showing warning signs for depres-sion and violence; WHEREAS, the nation’s data collection on gun violence and gun ownership is inad-equate to monitor, understand, or prevent these events from happening; and WHEREAS, the multiple school shootings that the nation has witnessed over the years have complex causes requiring multiple solu-tions. NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools, its member districts, and staff stand with the students of Broward County Public Schools and the nation in demanding effec-tive and comprehensive action from the fed-eral government to protect schoolchildren; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to ban the sale, purchase, possession, and use of as-sault weapons and large-capacity ammuni-tion cartridges, except those needed by the military and law enforcement; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to re-quire and strengthen universal background checks to possess any type of firearm; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the President of the United States to charge all agencies of the federal govern-ment with the task of reducing the number of gun-related injuries and deaths in Amer-ica. NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools is op-posed to the arming of teachers to protect schools and children; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to ex-tend the perimeter of Gun-Free School Zones; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to ap-propriate adequate new funds to allow school districts across the nation to plan and co-ordinate school security efforts with law en-forcement officials and make other building alterations that may be necessary to protect students, teachers, and staff; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to ap-propriate adequate new funds to increase the numbers of counselors, mental health staff, psychologists, and social workers in our schools; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to ap-propriate adequate new funds for programs to educate students and their families on the dangers of firearms; and NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to re-quire that states and the federal government collect whatever data necessary to track, monitor, understand, and prevent the extent of gun violence in America. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, we find that areas that have acted, in the aftermath of gun violence, to increase protections for gun safety actually makes a difference. It is a lie that gun safety provisions make no difference; that, somehow, people who are intent on slaughter will not behave according to the law, they won’t obey it; it will have no impact. The evidence is that where actions are taken to reduce gun violence, to in-crease protections, to take guns away from people who shouldn’t have them, gun violence is reduced. In the aftermath of Sandy Hook, when this Congress was paralyzed, re-fused to allow a bipartisan legislation that would have increased universal background checks, for instance, the State of Connecticut acted. And over the years, they have enacted a series of provisions on gun safety that have re-sulted in reduced gun violence. Indeed, the States with the fewest gun safety protections, some no protec-tions at all, have the highest rates of gun violence. b1215 We don’t have to fall victim to that type of thinking. The Council of the Great City Schools pointed out in their resolution that Americans are 25 times more like-ly to be killed with a gun than people in other developed countries. They re-ject the proposition that we have to be the only developed country that cannot protect our families from gun violence. They recognize that there is no place to arm teachers in response. There is no evidence that having teachers pack-ing heat would make any difference at all. What it would do is add another layer of uncertainty, and more guns in schools increases the likelihood that they will be used. They categorically reject the arming of teachers, but say move forward, re-move the ability of people to purchase high-capacity automatic weapons, tighten background checks, and make it easier to do research on gun vio-lence—which this Congress has tried to make illegal. Mr. Speaker, I am hopeful that we will not have the Republican leadership continue to deny us an opportunity to fully debate the proposals that are cir-culating on a bipartisan basis that would make a difference dealing with background checks, dealing with tak-ing guns away from people who shouldn’t have them; making sure that we are reducing the access to some of the most destructive military weapons that have no place circulating in soci-ety, that children not old enough, young men not old enough to buy a beer can buy an AK–47. That is wrong. Mr. Speaker, I hope that people’s hearts and minds will be touched by the eloquence that we have heard from these young people in Florida who have endured it, who have put pressure on the Florida Legislature to act. I hope we can do the same. f 
RETURNING LAND TO THE GOVERNMENT OF GUAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the Guam Land Return Act of 2018. For decades, the people of Guam have worked to see their ances-tral lands returned. In Congress, I have made returning land from the Federal Government to our territorial government of Guam and Guam families a top priority. Since 2003, I have secured return of more than 1,000 acres from the Federal Government to the people of Guam. My Guam Land Return Act of 2018 would reduce Federal landownership on Guam and return those lands to GovGuam and, ultimately, our people. This important legislation builds upon the work of my predecessors, former Congressman Robert A. Underwood, in particular. The Guam Land Return Act would authorize the General Services Admin-istration to transfer Federal land, buildings, vehicles, and other heavy equipment designated as surplus to GovGuam at no cost to the taxpayers. This would provide another avenue for the Federal Government to compensate GovGuam for expenses that our terri-torial government is required to bear in serving migrants under the Compact of Free Association, known as Compact Impact. It would also ask Federal agen-cies to return more Federal land to GovGuam more quickly. The Federal Government must fi-nally live up to its commitment to Guam and other affected U.S. jurisdic-tions with Compact migrant residents. I continue working to secure full Fed-eral reimbursements for GovGuam’s costs in providing local services to Compact migrants. Indeed, I have sponsored the Compact Impact Relief Act, H.R. 4761, this year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.003 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1658 March 19, 2018 
I have also championed legislation to reimburse GovGuam for Compact Im-pact at the mandatory $180 million an-nual level recommended by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office. Transfers of valuable surplus Federal property under my Guam Land Return Act provide yet another way to in-crease Federal reimbursement to GovGuam for Compact Impact ex-penses, and these transfers of surplus property would occur at no cost to the Federal Government or the taxpayers. Our island of Guam hosts a substan-tial U.S. military presence and is a strategic forward-facing domestic mili-tary base in the important Asia-Pacific region. In January of 2011, the U.S. military made a commitment to the people of Guam to reduce Federal land-ownership and the military’s footprint on Guam. Importantly, the commit-ment coincides with the buildup of American military personnel and base resources on Guam, part of the reloca-tion of U.S. Marines from Okinawa, Japan. U.S. military and Defense Depart-ment leadership under the Trump ad-ministration have reaffirmed this net- negative commitment to our people and to me, personally. Since January of 2011, the Defense Department has re-turned approximately 686 acres to GovGuam. My Guam Land Return Act holds the Defense Department accountable for meeting the net-negative commitment in full. This legislation would require the Secretary of Defense to maintain a public inventory of all land parcels the Defense Department expects to ulti-mately transfer to GovGuam under the net-negative commitment. My legislation outlines 17 specific Federal land parcels, totalling 476 acres that should be transferred to GovGuam. The Guam Land Reform Act would also provide a public mechanism for the Governor of Guam to petition the Defense Department to consider transferring additional land parcels to GovGuam under the net-negative com-mitment. Lastly, my legislation includes sev-eral provisions relating to current and former Federal land on Guam. Two pro-visions ensure that no-cost transfers of surplus Federal land and other valu-able property do not create additional liabilities or public safety concerns for the Federal Government relating to en-vironmental cleanup or flight paths for air traffic control. One section removes an antiquated Federal restriction on 927 acres on Guam’s Cabras Island, which GovGuam has owned since 1981. The people of Guam are patriotic Americans and support our military servicemembers and their families and the Nation’s veterans, and at the same time, the people of Guam want to see their ancestral lands returned, and rightfully so. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear Lord, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You are the source of all life and un-conditional love. The House of Rep-resentatives is a noble institution which embraces the highest aspirations of the Nation’s people and embodies their lasting values. Help the Members of this House to look at themselves, their politics, pri-orities, and the Nation’s interests with new vision in the light of Your Spirit. Help them to be wise and patient legis-lators, seeking not immediate political wins, but a productive future which will nourish the stability of our home-land and reap a harvest of peace in the world. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. DUNN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STAFF SERGEANT CARL ENIS (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a life that was lost too soon. Staff Sergeant Carl Enis from Talla-hassee was tragically killed in the Black Hawk helicopter crash that claimed the lives of seven members of the United States Air Force in western Iraq last week. Sergeant Enis graduated from Flor-ida State University, and went on to get his MBA in 2017. He chose to self-lessly serve our country and he joined the Air Force after college, serving as a pararescueman, where he performed combat rescue missions as a member of the elite 308th Rescue Squadron. Sergeant Enis loved the outdoors, and he even had a blog about hunting, fishing, and hiking. He was loved and respected by all who met him. Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-oring Staff Sergeant Carl Enis and all of our fallen heroes who gave their last full measure of devotion to this coun-try to make Americans safe at home and abroad. f 
CELEBRATING MS. BETTYE JEAN WILSON FRANKLIN’S 90TH BIRTH-DAY (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Ms. Bettye Jean Wilson Franklin’s 90th birthday. Ms. Franklin was born March 18, 1928. She is a native of Fort Worth. Ms. Franklin attended and graduated from the historical I.M. Terrell High School. Her passion for education inspired her to work for the Fort Worth Inde-pendent School District for 27 years until she retired in 1990. But it is her everlasting commitment to her faith that is well-known among her friends and family. Ms. Franklin has been a faithful member of the Saint James Baptist Church for the last 77 years, where she contributed in various capacities, including her par-ticipation in the senior choir for 52 years. In addition, she serves her commu-nity as a member of the Greater Fort Worth Area Negro Business and Profes-sional Women’s Club, and the Fort Worth Zeta Amicae Auxiliary of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority. Ms. Franklin is also a member of the Eastern Star Southern Beauty Chapter 446, and served as Grand Secretary of the Masonic Grand Chapter Order of Eastern Star of Texas for 13 years. She is the proud mother of two daughters, a grandmother of four grandchildren, and the great-grand-mother to her seven great-grand-children. Happy 90th birthday, Ms. Franklin. I wish you continued health and happi-ness on this milestone occasion. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE FOR-EST HILLS HIGH SCHOOL BAS-KETBALL TEAM (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the state champion Forest Hills High School basketball team that won the North Carolina High School Athletic Association 2–A Cham-pionship on March 10. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.005 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1659 March 19, 2018 
Forest Hills High School is located in Marshville, North Carolina. This is their first basketball championship in school history. Yellow Jackets junior guard Jai Rorie made four free throws in the final 14 seconds to lead his team to a 63 to 59 victory. Congratulations to the team: Bran-don Barrier, Dillon Wright, Cam Rich-ardson, Jaquan Williams, Asiah Byrd, Trey Belin, Jaleel McLaughlin, Tanner Lowery, Tyquan Rushing, Jamylan Blakeney, Garrett Horne, Jalen Hunt-ley, Keeshawn Tyson, Nasione Tyson, Jai Rorie, and Josh Owens; Congratulations to head coach Matt Sides; and assistant coaches Danny Bailey, Garrett Malone, and Keith Sides. Go, Yellow Jackets. 
f 
WORLD CIVILITY DAY (Mr. VISCLOSKY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the initiative of Mr. Chuck Hughes and Dr. Gordon E. Bradshaw from the city of Gary Chamber of Com-merce. Their dedicated efforts have created the Community Civility Counts initiative and a World Civility Day, which will celebrate its third annual occurrence on April 12. World Civility Day was established as a day to become more aware of our be-havior toward others and to think about how we can bring more under-standing into our lives and the lives of others. We live in a time when we can all benefit from being a little bit more civil. We live in a time when a kind gesture can have a great consequence for creating a just and tolerant society. I congratulate the initiative and dedicated work of Mr. Hughes and Dr. Bradshaw. I ask my colleagues to join me this World Civility Day and every day to do our part to bring a little more empathy into our world. 
f 
FOREST FIRE RELIEF (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge House leadership to in-clude some very important forestry priorities in the upcoming omnibus funding bill. We all agree that fire borrowing must be fixed. Raiding funds is no way to run a business. But we need much more than that. We need active forest man-agement reforms in order to prevent another devastating wildfire year like we just witnessed in California, as we seem to do every year in the West. There are over 100 million dead trees right now in just California alone, and they will only turn into tinderboxes if we cannot remove them as we should. For example, my bill, the Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act, would allow utility companies to clear a tree in danger of falling on a power line in these rights-of-way without months of paperwork and the liability relief they need in case the government doesn’t give them the permission to do it timely. But congressional leadership on the other side of the aisle refuses to budge when it comes to meaningful forestry management reforms to remove these hazardous dead trees, which is even worse for forest health when we con-tinue to have these fires for no good reason. I urge them to come to California, come to the north State, come breathe the dirty air each summer when we see firsthand the damage these wildfires cause. Listen to the people who are im-pacted, who are endangered, and who have to breathe that bad air each year because of these forest fires that are al-lowed to happen because the govern-ment will not manage its land. Why do we continue to allow this to happen? I don’t know. f 
RECOGNIZING THE BUCKS COUNTY CHILDREN’S MUSEUM (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize The Bucks County Children’s Museum and the impactful programs that they bring to our community. Located in New Hope, the museum focuses on creating fun for children up to 7 years old who enjoy using their imagination. At 9,000 square feet, the Children’s Museum provides something for every kid. From ‘‘The Hospital’’ ex-hibit, where kids can put on a lab coat, drive an ambulance, and perform an op-eration, to the ‘‘Town Square,’’ where kids can go back in time to a ‘‘turn of the century’’ general store, or ride the Express train. Our kids can take a vir-tual hot air balloon or grab a shovel and dig to find artifacts buried in a ‘‘Digging’’ exhibit. It is incredibly important that we continue to inspire and educate our next generation. I thank the Bucks County Children’s Museum for what they do to bring wonder and wonderful experiences to the youngest citizens of Bucks County. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair an-nounces to the House that, in light of the passing of the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), the whole number of the House is 430. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3:45 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 10 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. f 
b1545 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 3 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States were commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Mariel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
CEILING FAN ENERGY CONSERVA-TION HARMONIZATION ACT Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2030) to deem the compliance date for amended energy conservation stand-ards for ceiling fan light kits to be Jan-uary 21, 2020, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2030 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Harmonization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COMPLIANCE DATE FOR AMENDED EN-ERGY CONSERVATION STANDARDS FOR CEILING FAN LIGHT KITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The compliance date for the amended energy conservation standards established for ceiling fan light kits in the final rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 580 (January 6, 2016)) is deemed to be January 21, 2020. (b) C
ONFORMING CHANGES .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall make such technical and conforming changes to any regulation, guidance document, or pro-cedure as may be necessary to implement subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CNER-
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.007 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1660 March 19, 2018 
legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, energy efficiency can provide benefits for consumers, for job- creating businesses, for energy secu-rity, and for the environment, but we have got to make sure that it is done right; and that is why I support S. 2030, Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Har-monization Act, which was sponsored by my good friend from North Caro-lina, R
ICHARD HUDSON , and certainly has strong bipartisan cosponsorship, including Mr. C
ARTER , Mr. R USH, Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . Mr. Speaker, I would urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. As most of you know, ceiling fans often come with lights attached, thus, they serve two purposes for consumers. The Department of Energy regulates the energy efficiency of both the ceil-ing fans and the ceiling fan lights, and stringent new standards are scheduled to take effect in the next 2 years; but for some reason, DOE set the deadline for the ceiling fan light kits in 2019, while the ceiling fan standard deadline is in 2020. This bill, S. 2030, would take the log-ical step of aligning the compliance deadlines for ceiling fans and ceiling fan light kits so that they both occur in 2020. This should ease the compli-ance burden for some manufacturers, make things easier for retailers, and may help lower the costs, in fact, for all consumers. Although ceiling fan regulations may not be a front-burner issue, we ought to make sure that we take every oppor-tunity to streamline Federal regs and help keep compliance costs down. That is why I would urge all of my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this, what I would consider, noncontroversial bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2030, the Ceiling Fan Energy Conserva-tion Harmonization Act. Mr. Speaker, I agree with the chair-man on this issue. It is bipartisan, and we are going to go ahead and do this law right. Now, S. 2030 is essentially identical to H.R. 3477, legislation introduced by my colleagues on the Energy and Com-merce Committee, Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . The purpose of the legis-lation is to align the current 2019 com-pliance deadline for ceiling fan light kit standards with a separate standard for ceiling fans set for 2020. S. 2030 essentially extends the com-pliance deadline for the rule amending the standards for ceiling fan light kits by just over 1 year to January 21, 2020, so they can both occur at the same time. The Energy Policy and Conservation Act, as amended by the Energy Policy Act of 2005, required the Department of Energy to put in place efficiency stand-ards for ceiling light kits. The DOE has determined that increasing efficiency standards for ceiling fan light kits would conserve energy more, while being economically feasible. The DOE finally put forth the standard that, as stated previously, would take effect in January of next year. However, be-cause the DOE did not meet the statu-tory deadline for promulgating a ceil-ing fan lighting kit standard, certain backstop requirements have been trig-gered that would be vitiated by the new regulations. Some have raised questions as to whether the enactment of this legisla-tion would result in an extension of portions of these backstop require-ments. I think it is important for man-ufacturers that we respond to this question, and it is my intent, later on in this debate, to enter into a colloquy with the chairman in order to provide direction to the DOE and make clear Congress’ intent with regard to this matter. New standards for these kits will save money and reduce carbon emis-sions, and I believe the sooner they are in place, the better for consumers and for our environment. Having said that, the bill is not op-posed by any environmental, commu-nity, or consumer groups. Perhaps this is because it is sensible legislation that will greatly help retailers by elimi-nating unnecessary burdens for sellers of the products, while only minimally delaying new standards. Mr. Speaker, I would like to have a brief colloquy with Mr. UPTON , the chairman of the Subcommittee on En-ergy. As I understand the purpose of S. 2030, it is to delay the January 7, 2019, compliance deadline for the latest ceil-ing fan light kit efficiency standard so as to align it with the January 21, 2020, compliance deadline for ceiling fans overall. Thus the efficiency standards for ceiling fans and for ceiling fan lights will go into force at the same time on January 21, 2020. Is that cor-rect? Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. M
CNERNEY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Michigan. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman is correct. That is correct. That is the purpose. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, I further understand that, pursuant to current law, because the DOE has not yet promulgated a ceiling fan light kit standard, there are backstop standards that have taken ef-fect. As a part of this backstop, no ceil-ing fan light kit can be offered for sale in interstate commerce whose lamps use more than 180 watts of electricity. To ensure this result, ceiling fan light kits are required to include a de-vice that limits lamp efficiency con-sumption to 190 watts or less. Am I cor-rect in that understanding? Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MCNERNEY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Michigan. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman is correct. I would note that in the gentleman’s earlier statement, he said: ‘‘whose lamps use more than 180 watts of electricity,’’ but, in fact, it is 190 watts or less, but the gentleman, again, is correct. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, again reclaiming my time. I thank the chair-man and acknowledge that correction. I understand that, in preparation for ceiling fan light kit standards going into effect in January 2019, many man-ufacturers have already switched pro-duction and produced kits without the device that limits total lamp consump-tion to 190 watts or less. Lighting manufacturers have in-formed me that the limiting device has been a major source of product failure and that, due to the vast gains in lightbulb technology and a huge drop in the price of highly efficient bulbs, it is no longer necessary to have such a device to keep consumption low. Unfortunately, because the limiter requirement is tied by statute to the date of enactment of the new standard, technically this bill that is designed to ease regulatory burdens may inadvert-ently extend for an additional year the 190-watt limiter requirement. I do not believe this is the intent of this body or our colleagues on the other side of the Capitol, in other words, the Senate. Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. M
CNERNEY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Michigan. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman is correct. I, too, have heard from lighting man-ufacturers, and I sympathize with the concerns asserted by them regarding potential unintended consequences. The intent of this bill, and, for that matter, my intent, is to keep the com-pliance deadline for changes to the 190- watt limiter requirement at January 7, 2019. We now know that the limiter re-quirement adds to the cost to con-sumers, it can compromise ceiling fan reliability, and is no longer needed to meet efficiency standards. The final rule that included the ceiling fan light kit standards also provided that the 190-watt limiter requirement is deemed to be met by any product that complies with the new efficiency standards. The bottom line is that the 190-watt limiter should no longer be required beginning on January 7, 2019. This bill, S. 2030, seeks to delay the ceiling fan light kit compliance deadline only, but not to delay the change to the 190-watt limiter requirement. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, I thank the chair-man for confirming that the provisions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.014 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1661 March 19, 2018 
of S. 2030 are not intended to delay the change to the 190-watt limiter require-ment. Mr. Speaker, I believe ceiling fan lighting kit manufacturers have acted in good faith in the run-up to the change in the standard and that they should not be penalized for producing light kits without the 190-watt limiting device. In my view, DOE should take what-ever steps are necessary to revise its rules to allow these otherwise compli-ant kits to be sold and should take no enforcement actions against manufac-turers solely because a kit fails to in-clude the 190-watt limiting device. That doesn’t mean the Department should stop all enforcement to ensure compliance with standards for these kits, but it should specifically forgo ac-tion against companies for failing to include a limiting device. Mr. Speaker, I ask if the chairman shares my view. Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. M
CNERNEY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Michigan. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Yes, I do share that view. This bill di-rects the Secretary of Energy to make technical and conforming changes to any implementing regulation so as to carry out the provisions in this bill. In carrying out this requirement, DOE should make clear to the regu-lated community that the specific in-clusion of a watt-limiting device is no longer needed for a kit to be deemed to meet the 190-watt-or-less consumption requirement. I further want to associate myself with the gentleman’s comments re-garding enforcement. The Secretary should take whatever steps are nec-essary to ensure that no enforcement action is taken against any manufac-turer solely because a kit fails to in-clude the 190-watt limiting device. To the extent he can, the Secretary should make clear in a public manner that DOE will not enforce against these manufacturers with regard to this particular matter so that no pro-ducer holds back their product for the market out of fear of violation. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, I want to thank the chairman for his indulgence in this im-portant clarification of legislative in-tent. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank the chairman and commend my col-leagues in both Chambers, specifically Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. B UTTERFIELD , for working on this bill. The legislation enjoys support from both sides of the aisle on this committee; and, in fact, the House version of the bill, H.R. 3477, passed both the Energy Subcommittee and the full Energy and Commerce Committee by a voice vote with almost no debate. Similarly, the Senate com-panion, which is before us now, passed that body by unanimous consent. I hope that we can do the same today and swiftly send this to the President’s desk for his signature. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the passage of S. 2030. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2030. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1600 DHS CYBER INCIDENT RESPONSE TEAMS ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5074) to authorize cyber incident response teams at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5074 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Cyber Incident Response Teams Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY CYBER INCIDENT RESPONSE TEAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 227 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(1)(B)(iv), by inserting ‘‘, including cybersecurity specialists’’ after ‘‘entities’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (f) through (m) as subsections (g) through (n), respec-tively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) C
YBER INCIDENT RESPONSE TEAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Center shall main-tain cyber hunt and incident response teams for the purpose of providing, as appropriate and upon request, assistance, including the following: ‘‘(A) Assistance to asset owners and opera-tors in restoring services following a cyber incident. ‘‘(B) The identification of cybersecurity risk and unauthorized cyber activity. ‘‘(C) Mitigation strategies to prevent, deter, and protect against cybersecurity risks. ‘‘(D) Recommendations to asset owners and operators for improving overall network and control systems security to lower cyber-security risks, and other recommendations, as appropriate. ‘‘(E) Such other capabilities as the Under Secretary appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H) determines appropriate. ‘‘(2) C
YBERSECURITY SPECIALISTS .—The Sec- retary may include cybersecurity specialists from the private sector on cyber hunt and in-cident response teams. ‘‘(3) ASSOCIATED METRICS .—The Center shall continually assess and evaluate the cyber incident response teams and their op-erations using robust metrics. ‘‘(4) S
UBMITTAL OF INFORMATION TO CON -
GRESS .—Upon the conclusion of each of the first four fiscal years ending after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Center shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee of the Senate, informa-tion on the metrics used for evaluation and assessment of the cyber incident response teams and operations pursuant to paragraph (3), including the resources and staffing of such cyber incident response teams. Such in-formation shall include each of the following for the period covered by the report: ‘‘(A) The total number of incident response requests received. ‘‘(B) The number of incident response tick-ets opened. ‘‘(C) All interagency staffing of incident response teams. ‘‘(D) The interagency collaborations estab-lished to support incident response teams.’’; and (4) in subsection (g), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, or any team or activity of the Center,’’ after ‘‘Cen-ter’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, or any team or activity of the Center,’’ after ‘‘Cen-ter’’. (b) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appro-priated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the DHS Cyber Incident Re-sponse Teams Act. Before I discuss the bill, however, I would like to say a few words about the recent bombings in my hometown of Austin. In the past month, there have been a total of four bombings that have killed two people and injured four oth-ers. These are heinous, hateful acts on innocent Americans, and they will not be tolerated. I know the people of Austin very well, and they will not be intimidated. I urge everyone back home to take cau-tion and heed the warnings of local law enforcement. We will find whoever is responsible for these bombings and bring them to justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.015 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1662 March 19, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to now ad-dress the bill I have introduced and the threats confronting our cybersecurity. As technology advances, more and more people are relying on their com-puters, iPads, and smartphones for both personal and professional use. In short, Mr. Speaker, everyone is a tar-get. But our enemies do not just attack individuals and their devices. They also put America’s critical infrastructure sectors in their crosshairs, endangering all aspects of civilian life. These sec-tors include our financial services, healthcare systems, dams, and our en-ergy production, among others. All of them play a vital role in making Amer-ica work, and each one is vulnerable to an attack. Last week, the FBI and DHS reported that Russian hackers had engineered a series of cyber attacks against Amer-ican and European nuclear power plants and electric systems. Crippling or shutting down our power plants would have catastrophic effects. We also know that Russia tried to undermine the credibility of our demo-cratic system in the 2016 elections and are likely to try again in 2018. Strengthening our cyber election secu-rity needs to be a bipartisan priority. Russia is not the only perpetrator of these kinds of attacks. Between 2011 and 2013, Iranian hackers attacked doz-ens of U.S. banks and even tried to shut down a dam in New York. In 2015, we learned that Chinese hackers gained access to the private in-formation of 80 million members and employees of Anthem healthcare. The Chinese also stole 22 million security clearances, including my own, from OPM. This attack allowed them to ob-tain highly sensitive personal data, in-cluding fingerprints and Social Secu-rity numbers. These continual onslaughts are part of a greater cyber war being carried out against the United States, even as I stand here and speak. Unfortunately, it doesn’t stop there. Our adversaries have weaponized tech-nology and are using it to engage in es-pionage and to steal our intellectual property. This costs our economy hun-dreds of billions of dollars each year. In fact, former NSA Director, General Keith Alexander, described this theft as the ‘‘greatest transfer of wealth in history.’’ We must do more to stop these at-tacks. That is why I have prioritized the cybersecurity mission of DHS as chairman of the Homeland Security Committee. Through CISA, the pre-vious bill which passed the House in December, we are elevating and mak-ing operational the Department’s cy-bersecurity and infrastructure protec-tion missions. As part of the landmark DHS reau-thorization, which passed the House in July, the Department will be required to provide volunteer assistance to State and local election officials upon request. These were important bipar-tisan steps, but we need to do more. The legislation before us today codi-fies and enhances the cyber incident re-sponse times at DHS. These teams shall provide, upon request, assistance to asset owners and operators following cyber incidents, including with elec-tion infrastructure. These teams may also include cyber-security specialists from the private sector to provide outside expertise, which is a new, innovative break-through. By fostering this new collabo-ration between government and private sector, we can harness our talent and maximize our efforts to stay one step ahead of our enemies. This innovative approach serves as a force multiplier to enhance our cyber-security workforce. Being able to uti-lize a great number of experts will strengthen our efforts to protect our cyber networks. My bill provides DHS with that necessary capability. The American people deserve to know that we are making every effort to strengthen our cybersecurity. This bill helps us achieve that goal, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5074, the DHS Cyber Incident Response Teams Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, at the outset, let me again support the chairman’s com-ments about Austin, Texas. We talked a little bit about it last week in a hear-ing and, since that hearing, another in-cident has occurred. Terrorism, wheth-er it is domestic or whatever, has no place in this country. I look forward to the capture of the person or persons who are committing these heinous acts in Austin, as well as providing what-ever resources might go toward any fu-ture apprehensions. Mr. Speaker, last week, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security issued a technical alert with the FBI on the Russian Government’s efforts to use cyber tools to target our critical infra-structure—including our energy, water, aviation, and commercial facilities, critical infrastructure sectors. DHS and the FBI released the alert amidst ongoing discussions about the urgent need to better secure our elec-tion infrastructure against Russian targeting and as the sophisticated cyber capabilities of Iran, North Korea, China, and nonstate actors continue to evolve. H.R. 5074, the DHS Cyber Inci-dent Response Teams Act of 2018, would codify DHS’ Hunt and Incident Response Teams into law. The Department deploys Hunt and Incident Response Teams to owners and operators of critical infrastruc-ture, upon request and free of charge after a cybersecurity incident. These DHS teams provide intrusion analysis, identify malicious actors, analyze ma-licious tools, and provide mitigation assistance strategies. They are DHS’ ‘‘boots on the ground’’ in cyber inci-dent response and, as such, play an in-tegral role in improving the cybersecu-rity posture of critical infrastructure owners and operators. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, the President’s decision last week to finally issue sanctions in response to meddling in the 2016 elec-tion was long overdue. Though it was a positive move, I believe it will do little to deter the Russian Government from using cyber tools to target our critical infrastructure. The Trump administration has yet to put any meaningful strategy in place to address ongoing efforts by the Rus-sian Government—or any other bad actor, for that matter—to undermine the stability of the U.S. economy and government infrastructure in cyber-space. We must ensure that organiza-tions have access to high-quality cyber incident response capabilities. H.R. 5074 would do just that, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a hugely impor-tant issue. I think cyber often gets overlooked when we look at kinetic threats of nuclear missiles coming out of North Korea, which is obviously a huge threat to the United States and its allies. But in cyberspace, we are at war, as well, with countries like Russia and China and Iran and North Korea, the Russian meddling in the elections. We can’t sit idly by and let that hap-pen again in 2018. I think this is, as Mr. T
HOMPSON stat-ed, a very bipartisan issue that we need to work together on against our for-eign adversaries that every day are trying to undermine us, stealing intel-lectual property, espionage, or bringing down things in a cyber warfare attack. It is not the future of warfare; it is warfare here and now. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5074, the DHS Cyber Incident Response Teams Act of 2018. The ‘‘DHS Cyber Incident Response Teams Act of 2018,’’ codifies DHS’ National Cyberse-curity and Communications Coordination Cen-ter (NCCIC) hunt and incident response teams which the Department currently deploys to provide intrusion analysis, identify malicious actors, analyze malicious tools, and provide mitigation assistance to entities requesting as-sistance after a cybersecurity incident. The DHS’ Hunt and Incident Response Teams play an integral role in improving the cybersecurity posture of critical infrastructure owners and operators, from energy and nu-clear power firms to state and local govern-ments administering elections. The bill requires the NCCIC to submit infor-mation to Congress regarding metrics for the teams, at the conclusion of the first four years after enactment. In 2016, Russian actors targeted U.S. elec-tion infrastructure, hackers escalated efforts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.018 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1663 March 19, 2018 
breach the domestic energy sector, and WannaCry and NotPetya ransomware wreaked havoc on public and private infra-structure around the world. According to Symantec, a leading provider of cybersecurity solutions, said that ‘‘The world of cyber espionage experienced a notable shift towards more overt activity, designed to desta-bilize and disrupt targeted organizations and countries.’’ These threats to cyber security are not new. In June 2015, it was reported that the Office of Personnel Management lost personal infor-mation on 21.5 million current and former fed-eral employees and their families. In 2017, the following were reported attacks and breaches: WannaCry ransomware that infected mil-lions of networks worldwide; and the Equifax hack exposed millions of American’s credit information to cyber-thieves; Our nation’s critical infrastructure and civil-ian government agencies depend on the cy-bersecurity talent and resources that the De-partment of Homeland Security can provide on the frontline to defend against attacks. As cyber threats continue to evolve and be-come more sophisticated, so must U.S. efforts to confront them. The Department of Homeland Security plays a central role in the federal government’s cy-bersecurity apparatus and in coordinating fed-eral efforts to secure critical infrastructure. DHS is charged with coordinating agency efforts to secure the (dot).gov Domain, while also serving as the hub for cybersecurity infor-mation sharing between and among the pri-vate sector and federal government. Earlier this Congress, I introduced H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulnerability Disclosure Re-porting Act, which was passed by the full House and is now in the Senate. H.R. 3202 requires the Secretary of Home-land Security to submit a report on the policies and procedures developed for coordinating cyber vulnerability disclosures. The report will include an annex with infor-mation on instances in which cyber security vulnerability disclosure policies and proce-dures were used to disclose details on identi-fied weaknesses in computing systems that or digital devices at risk. The report will provide information on the degree to which the information provided by DHS was used by industry and other stake-holders. The reason that I worked to bring this bill before the committee is the problem often re-ferred to as a ‘‘Zero Day Event,’’ which de-scribes the situation that network security pro-fessionals may find themselves when a pre-viously unknown error in computing code is exploited by a cybercriminal or terrorist. As with other threats that this nation has faced and overcome, we must create the re-sources and the institutional responses to pro-tect our nation against cyber threats while pre-serving our liberties and freedoms. We cannot accomplish this task without the full cooperation and support of the private sec-tor, computing research community and aca-demia. This level of engagement requires the trust and confidence of the American people that this new cyber threat center will be used for the purpose it was created and that the col-laboration of others in this effort to better pro-tect computing networks will be used only for protection and defense. There are people with skills and those with the potential to develop skills that would be of benefit to our nation’s efforts to develop an ef-fective cybersecurity defense and deterrence posture. It is my hope that as we move forward the Committee on Homeland Security will continue in a bipartisan manner to seek out the best ways to bring the brightest and most qualified people into the government as cybersecurity professionals. With this policy objective in mind, I look for-ward to working with the Committee on H.R. 1981, the Cyber Security Education and Fed-eral Workforce Enhancement Act. I urge my Colleagues in the House to join me in voting for H.R. 5074. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5074, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1615 AIR CARGO SECURITY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4176) to strengthen air cargo security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4176 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Air Cargo Security Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF AIR CARGO SECU-RITY DIVISION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 449 of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 44947. Air cargo security division ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration shall estab-lish an air cargo security division to carry out all policy and engagement with air cargo security stakeholders. ‘‘(b) L
EADERSHIP ; STAFFING .—The air cargo security division established pursuant to subsection (a) shall be headed by an indi-vidual in the executive service within the Transportation Security Administration and be staffed by not fewer than four full-time equivalents, including the head of the divi-sion. ‘‘(c) S
TAFFING .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall staff the air cargo security division with existing Transportation Security Ad-ministration personnel.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 449 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item related to section 44946 the following new item: ‘‘44947. Air cargo security division.’’. SEC. 3. FEASIBILITY STUDY AND PILOT PROGRAM FOR EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration, in coordination with the Under Secretary for Science and Tech-nology of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, shall submit to Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a feasibility study regarding expanding the use of computed tomography technology for the screening of air cargo transported on pas-senger aircraft operated by an air carrier or foreign air carrier in air transportation, interstate air transportation, or interstate air commerce. Such study shall consider the following: (1) Opportunities to leverage computed to-mography systems used for screening pas-sengers and baggage. (2) Costs and benefits of using computed tomography technology for screening air cargo. (3) An analysis of emerging computed to-mography systems that may have potential to enhance the screening of air cargo, includ-ing systems that may address aperture chal-lenges associated with screening certain cat-egories of air cargo. (4) An analysis of emerging screening tech-nologies, in addition to computed tomog-raphy, that may be used to enhance the screening of air cargo. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 120 days after submission of the feasibility study required under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall initiate a two-year pilot program to achieve enhanced air cargo secu-rity screening outcomes through the use of new or emerging screening technologies, such as computed tomography technology, as identified through such study. (c) U
PDATES .—Not later than 60 days after the initiation of the pilot program under subsection (b) and every six months there-after for two years, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall brief the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the progress of implementation of such pilot program. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
IR CARRIER .—The term ‘‘air carrier’’ has the meaning given such term in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. (2) A
IR TRANSPORTATION .—The term ‘‘air transportation’’ has the meaning given such term in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. (3) F
OREIGN AIR CARRIER .—The term ‘‘for-eign air carrier’’ has the meaning given such term in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. (4) I
NTERSTATE AIR COMMERCE .—The term ‘‘interstate air commerce’’ has the meaning given such term in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. (5) I
NTERSTATE AIR TRANSPORTATION .—The term ‘‘interstate air transportation’’ has the meaning given such term in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. AIR CARGO REGULATION REVIEW. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 150 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on actions to improve the Certified Cargo Screening Program as es-tablished by the Administrator in September 2009. The report shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.011 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1664 March 19, 2018 
(1) review the degree to which the Program is effective at fully addressing evolving threats to air cargo, particularly as air cargo volumes fluctuate; (2) review any vulnerabilities in the Pro-gram and effectiveness of information shar-ing with air cargo security stakeholders; and (3) include information on actions to be taken to address findings in paragraphs (1) and (2), including information on plans to issue new rulemaking, if necessary. 
SEC. 5. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) review the Department of Homeland Se-curity’s analysis and intelligence pre-screen-ing processes and procedures for air cargo entering the United States; (2) review the pilot program conducted pur-suant to section 3; (3) assess the effectiveness of the Depart-ment’s risk-based strategy for examining air cargo and ensuring compliance with air cargo security rules and regulations; and (4) review the Department’s information sharing procedures and practices for dissemi-nating information to relevant stakeholders on preventing, mitigating, and responding to air cargo related threats. 
SEC. 6. KNOWN SHIPPER PROGRAM REVIEW. 
The Administrator shall request the Air Cargo Subcommittee of Aviation Security Advisory Committee (established under sec-tion 44946 of title 49, United States Code) to— (1) conduct a comprehensive review and se-curity assessment of the known shipper pro-gram under sections 1546.215 and 1548.17 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; (2) recommend whether the Known Shipper Program should be modified or eliminated considering the full implementation of 100 percent screening under section 44901(g) of title 49, United States Code; and (3) report its findings and recommenda-tions to the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4176, the Air Cargo Security Im-provement Act of 2018. The Transportation Security Admin-istration is responsible for securing all modes of transportation, and implicit in this responsibility is the security of air cargo. Air cargo represents more that 35 percent of global trade by value, which translates to approxi-mately $6.8 trillion worth of goods an-nually. Given the impact that air cargo has on the U.S. and global economy, it is not surprising that this sector remains an appealing target for terrorists. Sev-eral incidents have demonstrated that terrorists may seek to target U.S.- bound shipments by exploiting weak-nesses in air cargo security overseas. In 2010, explosive devices concealed in packages bound for the United States from Yemen went undetected by initial screenings. Authorities indi-cated that the explosives were probably intended to detonate mid-flight over a U.S. city. More recently, in July 2017, bomb- making materials were transported un-detected from Turkey to Australia in an air cargo shipment. H.R. 4176, the Air Cargo Security Im-provement Act of 2018, is a timely and necessary step towards a more secure and resilient industry. This legislation establishes an air cargo security division within the TSA to carry out all air cargo security pol-icy and stakeholder engagement. Un-like the TSA’s operational role in pas-senger screening at checkpoints, the TSA functions in an oversight and reg-ulatory capacity with respect to air cargo screening. Initiatives like the Certified Cargo Screening Program and the Known Shipper Management System enable the TSA to leverage key partnerships with manufacturers, shippers, freight forwarders, passenger airlines, and all cargo airlines to meet the 100 percent screening mandate of all freight on passenger aircraft. H.R. 4176 requires the review of the Certified Cargo Screening Program and the Known Shipper Program to ensure that applicable regulations enhance program effectiveness. These initia-tives are aided by cargo screening tech-nologies designed to meet the logistical demands of the industry. H.R. 4176 requires the TSA Adminis-trator to conduct a feasibility study and a subsequent pilot program on ex-panding the use of computed tomog-raphy—CT—and other emerging tech-nologies for air cargo screening. Through October 2017, air cargo ac-tivity increased more than 10 percent from 2016 levels, the largest year-over- year growth in more than a decade, with the largest growth seen among international shipments to and from the United States. In coordination with the cargo indus-try, the Customs and Border Protec-tion—CBP—and the TSA have been pilot testing a risk-based approach to vet air cargo shipments known as the Air Cargo Advanced Screening system, with an emphasis on improving inspec-tions on overseas shipments. Accord-ingly, H.R. 4176 requires the full de-ployment of ACAS for inbound inter-national air cargo. The Air Cargo Security Improvement Act of 2018 is a sensible and progressive solution that will help to modernize the security of air cargo shipments and operations while ensuring the flow of commerce. I thank the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. T
HOMPSON , for ad-vancing this legislation. I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4176, the Air Cargo Security Im-provement Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4176 seeks to im-prove the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’s ability to address air cargo-based security threats. Last July, then-Secretary of Home-land Security, John Kelly, identified such acts as a major concern, explain-ing that there are people out there, very smart people, very sophisticated people who do nothing but try to figure out how to blow up an airplane in flight. Later that month, Australian au-thorities charged four men with plot-ting to bring down a passenger plane on behalf of ISIS with a bomb in the air cargo hold. This foiled terror plot underscores the need for the TSA to give focused attention to this clear and present security threat. The increased risk to air cargo comes at a time when the volume of goods being moved by air cargo has multiplied, with 2016 volumes nearly back to pre-recession levels. If enacted, my bill would require the TSA to establish an air cargo security division to carry out air cargo security policy and stakeholder engagement re-sponsibilities. Further, it would direct the TSA to pilot emerging technologies for screening cargo, such as computed tomography, for integration into cur-rent security programs. I urge my colleagues to join me in advancing this necessary and straight-forward Homeland Security legislation. Mr. Speaker, while passenger and baggage screening efforts are the most visible part of aviation security, pro-tecting against air cargo-based threats is just as critical. Enactment of H.R. 4176 will ensure that the TSA is positioned to stay ahead of this ever-evolving security threat that face all who navigate our skies. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 4176, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this common sense piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior Member of the Committee on Homeland Security, a former chairman of the Transpor-tation and Protective Security Subcommittee, and an original co-sponsor, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4176, ‘‘Air Cargo Security Im-provement Act of 2017.’’ H.R. 4176 will strengthen the nation’s air cargo security networks by requiring the Transportation Security Administration to es-tablish an air cargo security division within the agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.007 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1665 March 19, 2018 
Within 120 days of enactment, TSA would conduct a feasibility study on the expanded use of computed tomography for air cargo. Following the study, TSA would be required to initiate a pilot program to achieve enhanced air cargo security screening through the use of new or emerging technologies. Within 150 days of enactment, TSA would be required to report to Congress on actions to improve the effectiveness of the Certified Cargo Screening Program. The Government Accountability Office is tasked with reviewing the effectiveness of DHS’ approach to addressing the air cargo se-curity risk, including the risk-based strategy for examining air cargo and ensuring compliance with air cargo security rules. TSA would be required to request that the Aviation Security Advisory Committee’s Sub-committee on Air Cargo conduct a com-prehensive review of TSA’s Known Shipper Program. Mr. Speaker, thirteen years ago, the U.S. National Commission on Terrorist Attacks upon the United States (9/11 Commission) ex-pressed concerns ‘‘regarding the screening and transport of checked bags and cargo.’’ The Commission called for called for more attention and resources to be directed to re-ducing or mitigating the threat posed by explo-sives in vessels’ cargo holds. Today, the threat of a terrorist attack using air cargo is significant. In fact, in July, then-Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly identified cargo-based aviation attacks as a major concern, explain-ing ‘‘there are people out there, very smart people, very sophisticated people who do nothing but try to figure out how to blow up an airplane in flight.’’ Secretary Kelly also said ‘‘There is a fair amount of cargo, what we would attribute to just cargo flown on passenger airplane on space available. Terrorists are constantly look-ing for ways to do this.’’ This increase in the air cargo security risk comes at a time when the volume of goods being moved by air cargo has increased, with 2016 volume back to approximately 98.4 per-cent of pre-recession levels with airlines trans-porting 52 million metric tons of goods. In response to this security risk, H.R. 4176 directs the Transportation Security Administra-tion to take a number of steps to enhance its responsibilities for air cargo and require the agency to aggressively move towards ad-dressing current and future threats to air cargo. Specifically, H.R. 4176 clarifies air cargo se-curity responsibilities at TSA, encourages fur-ther technological developments for screening air cargo, directs a review of existing air cargo programs, and requires the Department of Homeland Security to make the Air Cargo Ad-vance Screening Program permanent. The threat posed by terrorists’ abilities and desires to exploit vulnerabilities cannot be un-derstated and they have demonstrably set their targets on air cargo. We need to be timely and precise in ad-dressing air cargo security, as we cannot af-ford, nor should the American public tolerate, otherwise. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 4176 so we can make Americans more secure from the threat of an air cargo-based terrorist attack. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4176, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ENHANCING DHS’ FUSION CENTER TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAM ACT Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5099) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security a fu-sion center technical assistance pro-gram. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5099 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Enhancing DHS’ Fusion Center Technical Assistance Program Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FUSION CENTER TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (j) and (k) as subsections (k) and (l), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing new subsection (j): ‘‘(j) F
USION CENTER TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with officials from the National Network of Fusion Centers and, to the great-est extent practicable, other relevant stake-holders, shall establish a fusion center tech-nical assistance program. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS OF PROGRAM .—In carrying out the fusion center technical assistance program established under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) provide technical assistance to fusion centers regarding— ‘‘(i) grants administered under sections 2003 and 2004; ‘‘(ii) terrorism prevention activities; and ‘‘(iii) intelligence and information sharing; ‘‘(B) provide to fusion centers notice of any changes to the activities referred to in sub-paragraph (A); ‘‘(C) make available best practices regard-ing— ‘‘(i) fusion center operations; ‘‘(ii) information sharing and analysis of homeland security threats, including cyber threats; ‘‘(iii) protecting privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties; and ‘‘(iv) such other best practices as the Sec-retary determines appropriate; and ‘‘(D) carry out such other activities as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 5099, the Enhancing DHS’ Fusion Center Technical Assistance Program Act. Today, the Nation is facing a com-plex and evolving threat. Terrorist at-tacks, like the New York City vehicle attack and the Pulse nightclub shoot-ing, have been carried out by individ-uals inspired by ISIS and other ter-rorist organizations. These type of lone wolf attacks appear to be the new nor-mal. This means that now, more than ever, it is imperative that we have strong preventive activities in place, including intelligence and information sharing. Since 9/11, States and major urban areas established fusion centers to build up the preventive activities by creating an avenue for greater collabo-ration between Federal, State, and local governments with regards to ter-rorism and information sharing. These State and locally owned fusion centers have largely evolved from ter-rorist-focused centers to all-crimes, all-hazard centers working on a range of relevant Homeland Security issues, including cybersecurity. I was able to see the work of one of these fusion centers firsthand when I visited my home State’s fusion center, the Kansas Intelligence Fusion Cen-ter—KIFC—earlier this year. I was very impressed with their operation. I want to ensure that the Department of Homeland Security is fully supporting this center and the other 78 fusion cen-ters across the United States. That is why I was troubled to hear about a key fusion center resource in the DHS not living up to its potential. In 2009, the DHS created a fusion cen-ter technical assistance program to provide fusion centers with assistance on a range of topics, including sus-picious activity reporting and other relevant trainings. However, based on the findings from the committee’s re-cent fusion center report and my meet-ings with fusion center personnel, this program is not meeting the needs of the National Network of Fusion Cen-ters. This is why I introduced H.R. 5099, the Enhancing DHS’ Fusion Center Technical Assistance Program Act. This bill provides formal authorization for the DHS fusion center technical as-sistance program and a clear set of di-rectives on the services to be provided by the program, including assistance related to available grant funding and DHS terrorism prevention programs, as well as intelligence and information sharing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.012 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1666 March 19, 2018 
The bill expands the role of the pro-gram to include being a repository of best practices relevant to fusion center activities, including cybersecurity. This is a commonsense bill that should help strengthen the Nation’s ability to prevent and protect against terrorist attacks and other Homeland Security relevant events. Earlier this month, this legislation was passed out of the Committee on Homeland Security by a voice vote. I would like to thank Chairman M
CCAUL and Mr. G
ALLAGHER for cosponsoring this legislation. I urge all my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5099, the Enhancing DHS’ Fusion Cen-ter Technical Assistance Program Act. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5099 would author-ize the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s existing fusion center technical assistance program. Currently, there are 79 fusion centers operating in the United States. Each fusion center re-lies on the DHS to help assist with in-telligence products and information- sharing activities, terrorism preven-tion initiatives, and Homeland Secu-rity grant programs. This bill seeks to solidify engage-ment between representatives at the fusion centers with their partners in the departments like FEMA and the DHS intelligence branch. Specifically, the program provides technical assist-ance on topics like best practices for information sharing regarding threats and operating a fusion center. By codifying this existing program, H.R. 5099 seeks to strengthen the DHS’ partnership with fusion centers to en-sure that they are well-positioned to address a wide range of diverse security threats that may emerge. The bill passed committee unani-mously and would amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, the security and well- being of our country is dependent upon the timely sharing of threat informa-tion between our law enforcement and intelligence personnel. Importantly, one of the key areas where the DHS will provide expertise to fusion centers under H.R. 5099 is with respect to the protection of pri-vacy, civil rights, and civil liberties. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 5099, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1630 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the ranking member for his support on this legislation. I would once again urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5099. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VEHICULAR TERRORISM PREVENTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4227) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine what actions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4227 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. STRATEGY ON VEHICULAR TERRORISM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (1) assess the activities the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to sup-port emergency response providers and the private sector to prevent, mitigate, and re-spond to the threat of vehicular terrorism; and (2) based on such assessment, develop and submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a strategy to improve the Department’s efforts to support the efforts of emergency response providers and the private sector to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such threat. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The strategy required under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) An examination of the current threat of vehicular terrorism. (2) Methods to improve Department of Homeland Security information sharing ac-tivities with emergency response providers and the private sector regarding best prac-tices to prevent, mitigate, and respond to the increasing threat of vehicular terrorism. (3) Training activities the Department can provide, including possible exercises, for emergency response providers to prevent and respond to the threat of vehicular terrorism. (4) Any additional activities the Secretary of Homeland Security recommends to pre-vent, mitigate, and respond to the threat of vehicular terrorism. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
MERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS .—The term ‘‘emergency response providers’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101(6)). (2) V
EHICULAR TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘ve-hicular terrorism’’ means any action that utilizes automotive transportation to inflict violence and intimidation on individuals for a political purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4227, the Vehicular Terrorism Preven-tion Act, introduced by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ). H.R. 4227 requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine the threat of vehicular terrorism and de-velop a strategy to improve DHS sup-port for the efforts of emergency re-sponders and the private sector to pre-vent, mitigate, and respond to such a threat. Terror groups, including ISIS and al- Qaida, have urged supporters to carry out attacks in their home countries using any means necessary, including vehicle ramming. Terrorists and in-spired homegrown extremists have heeded this directive and have carried out vehicle-based attacks in the past several years, including in France, England, Spain, Ohio, and, most re-cently, New York City. The majority of prevention, mitiga-tion, and response activities related to vehicle attacks are carried out by first responders and the private sector. DHS has existing resources and programs that can be better utilized to prepare frontline personnel in local commu-nities to address this threat. This in-cludes guidance related to the use of existing grant programs, increased in-formation sharing, promoting sus-picious activity reporting, increasing available exercises and training pro-grams, dedicated research and develop-ment targeting mitigation measures, and utilizing critical infrastructure protection programs for vehicle ram-ming prevention. H.R. 4227, the Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act, requires the Secretary to develop a plan on how to improve and increase those capabilities. This bill passed by voice vote in the Com-mittee on Homeland Security in early March. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rep-resentative L
ATTA for his work on this important measure, and I urge my col-leagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4227, the Vehicular Terrorism Preven-tion Act of 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.024 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1667 March 19, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, terror groups have urged their supporters to carry out acts of violence by any means nec-essary, including by ramming a vehicle into a crowd. In fact, both ISIS and al- Qaida have published propaganda en-couraging such vehicle-based terrorist attacks. Sadly, over the past few years, vehi-cle-based terrorist attacks have been carried out at home and abroad, taking the lives and injuring too many inno-cent people. One of the most shocking attacks was carried out on July 14, 2016, when a truck plowed into a crowd celebrating France’s Independence Day, which resulted in the deaths of 86 people and injured nearly 500. More recently, in October of 2017, a driver took the lives of eight people when he purposely careened his truck into a path in Lower Manhattan that was full of pedestrians and cyclists. This tactic has not confined itself to one ideological group. On August 12, 2017, a self-professed neo-Nazi drove his car into a crowd of counterprotestors demonstrating the march held by alt- right activists in Charlottesville, Vir-ginia. The attack killed Heather D. Heyer and injured 35 others. Just this month, a former Marine Corps reservist rammed his pickup truck into a convenience store in Wat-son, Louisiana. Later, we learned that he mistakenly believed the store was owned by Muslims. To address this emerging threat, H.R. 4227 would require the Department of Homeland Security to report to Con-gress on support provided to emergency responders and private sector partners to counter the threat of vehicle-based attacks. Mr. Speaker, I support this timely legislation and believe that enactment would improve DHS’ efforts to prevent and reduce impacts of such attacks. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 4227, the Vehic-ular Terrorism Prevention Act. This bipartisan legislation requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to assess the activities the Department is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism and submit a strat-egy to Congress on its findings and rec-ommendations. Over the past several years, I have been alarmed with the increased fre-quency that terrorists in Europe and around the world have used vehicles— oftentimes, rental vans or trucks—to commit heinous acts of violence. From Paris to Barcelona and Jerusalem to London, at least 138 people have been killed and countless others injured be-cause of these attacks. With the October attack in New York City showing that these extremist groups will not hesitate to carry out the same attack on American soil, it is critical that the Department of Home-land Security is doing their due dili-gence regarding this threat. Mr. Speaker, this legislation would specifically require DHS to assess the activities the Department is under-taking to support emergency response providers and the private sector to pre-vent, mitigate, and respond to the threat of vehicular terrorism. Within 6 months of the bill’s enact-ment, the Department must complete this assessment and submit to Con-gress a strategy that includes an exam-ination of the current threat of vehic-ular terrorism, methods to improve in-formation-sharing activities with emergency first responders and the pri-vate sector, and training activities the Department can undertake to prevent and prepare to respond to these at-tacks. The Secretary must also include any additional activities that DHS rec-ommends to address the threat of ve-hicular terrorism. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man MCCAUL, Ranking Member T HOMP -
SON, Representative D ONOVAN , and the entire House Homeland Security Com-mittee for their work in advancing this bill to the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join with me in taking the next step to addressing this dangerous threat by passing H.R. 4227. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the emergence of lone wolves who choose to ram vehicles into innocent people to advance their vio-lent ideologies is a modern-day home-land security challenge. As threats to our homeland continue to evolve and as violent extremists continue to ex-ploit soft targets, the risk to innocent bystanders grows. We must do our part to ensure that first responders in our cities, towns, and all places of living throughout the country have access to the necessary resources to keep them-selves safe and secure. This legislation seeks to ensure that DHS does all it can to support such efforts. Mr. Speaker, I would also note that this bill complements H.R. 5131, which is also being considered today and which directs DHS to disseminate best practices to stakeholders regarding ways to enhance transportation secu-rity against the threat of vehicle-based attacks. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 4227, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Ranking Member T
HOMPSON . I once again urge my fellow col-leagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4227, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
DHS FIELD ENGAGEMENT ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5079) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to require the De-partment of Homeland Security to de-velop an engagement strategy with fu-sion centers, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5079 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Field Engagement Accountability Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ENGAGEMENT STRATEGY WITH FUSION CENTERS. 
Section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h) is amended by— (1) redesigning subsections (j) and (k) as subsections (k) and (l), respectively; and (2) inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(j) F
USION CENTER INFORMATION SHARING  S
TRATEGY .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall develop and update at least once every five years a strategy for De-partment engagement with fusion centers. Such strategy shall be developed and up-dated in consultation with the heads of intel-ligence components of the Department, the Chief Privacy Officer of the Department, the Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department, officials of fusion centers, officers designated as Homeland Security Advisors, and the heads of other relevant agencies, as appropriate. Such strategy shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Specific goals and objectives for shar-ing information and engaging with fusion centers— ‘‘(A) through the direct deployment of per-sonnel from intelligence components of the Department; ‘‘(B) through the use of Department un-classified and classified information sharing systems, including the Homeland Security Information Sharing Network and the Home-land Secure Data Network, or any successor systems; and ‘‘(C) through any additional means. ‘‘(2) The performance metrics to be used to measure success in achieving the goals and objectives referred to in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) A five-year plan for continued engage-ment with fusion centers.’’. 
SEC. 3. OFFICE OF INTELLIGENCE AND ANALYSIS FIELD PERSONNEL SUPPORT TO FU-SION CENTERS. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE METRICS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Intel-ligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.027 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1668 March 19, 2018 
(1) consider the effectiveness of existing processes to identify and prepare field per-sonnel for deployment to support fusion cen-ters and internal mechanisms to ensure over-sight and accountability of such field per-sonnel, including field personnel assigned to one center and field personnel assigned to multiple centers; and (2) publish and disseminate performance metrics, taking into account, as appropriate, regional and threat diversity, for— (A) field personnel from the Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis assigned to an indi-vidual fusion center; (B) field personnel from the Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis assigned to multiple fu-sion centers; and (C) regional Directors of the Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis to ensure account-ability for monitoring all field personnel under the supervision of such Regional Di-rectors. (b) T
RAINING .—In consultation with the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis of the Depart-ment shall develop and implement a formal-ized training module for fusion center per-sonnel regarding the classified Homeland Se-cure Data Network of the Department, or any successor system. (c) F
USION CENTER DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘fusion center’’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h). 
SEC. 4. DHS COMPONENT USAGE OF THE HOME-LAND SECURITY INFORMATION NET-WORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Chief Information Officer of the De-partment, shall— (1) develop policies and metrics to ensure effective use by components of the Depart-ment of the Department’s unclassified Homeland Security Information Sharing Network, or any successor system; and (2) develop policies for posting unclassified products on the Homeland Security Informa-tion Sharing Network, or any successor sys-tem. (b) T
ECHNICAL ENHANCEMENTS .—The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Department, shall assess and implement, as appropriate, technical enhancements to the Homeland Se-curity Information Sharing Network (HSIN) to improve usability, including search functionality, data analysis, and collabora-tion capabilities. 
SEC. 5. REPORT. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report on the implementation of the following: (1) The fusion center information sharing strategy required under subsection (j) of sec-tion 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h), as added by section 2 of this Act, based on performance metrics de-veloped pursuant to such strategy. (2) Field personnel deployed to fusion cen-ters (as such term is defined in section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h)) in accordance with section 3, based on performance metrics developed pur-suant to such section. (3) Policies that seek to ensure the effec-tive use of the Homeland Security Informa-tion Sharing Network in accordance with section 4, based on the metrics developed pursuant to such section. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5079, the DHS Field Engagement Ac-countability Act. The sharing of coun-terterrorism and other homeland secu-rity information with State and local officials is vital in our efforts to pro-tect the homeland. Fusion centers as hubs for informa-tion sharing and analysis play a crit-ical role in the domestic homeland se-curity information-sharing environ-ment. Over the years, there have been vast improvements in DHS’ support for these key stakeholders, including the Nebraska Information Analysis Center, known as NIAC, in my home State of Nebraska. H.R. 5079, the DHS Field Engagement Accountability Act, builds on ongoing efforts to hold DHS more accountable for supporting fusion centers and fully utilizing them as a resource to the Fed-eral Government. First, it requires DHS to develop a strategy for engagement with fusion centers. With the maturation of the na-tional network, many fusion centers have adopted an all-threats, all-hazards mission to ensure they are keeping pace with the changing threat environ-ment. A strategy that incorporates all the components of the Department will ensure DHS is supporting and leveraging fusion centers effectively and efficiently. Second, this bill mandates perform-ance metrics to hold DHS personnel in the field accountable. Among other re-sponsibilities, these personnel serve as ambassadors of the Department and are integral in shaping and strength-ening the relationship between fusion centers and DHS. As such, the Depart-ment must have appropriate perform-ance objectives and metrics in place to ensure greater transparency in the ex-pectations of these officers and ac-countability when issues arise. Finally, this bill requires additional training and improvements for both the classified and unclassified informa-tion-sharing systems that the Depart-ment makes available to fusion centers and other law enforcement agencies. While DHS has made strides in facili-tating fusion center access to informa-tion and information systems, there are gaps in the Department’s efforts to ensure these partners are adequately trained to utilize these systems. So, for example, while all fusion cen-ters now have access to DHS’ classified HSDN, many fusion center personnel are not proficient in this system, and DHS does not currently provide any standardized, in-person HSDN training. Granting the appropriate clearances and credentials to access DHS systems is just as important as ensuring com-petency when using these systems. Additionally, I have learned that many DHS components do not rou-tinely share analytic products on the Homeland Security Information Net-work-Intelligence portal, and many documents are not posted on a timely basis. b1645 It is incumbent on the Department to ensure the appropriate policies and metrics are in place to incentivize component use of this critical informa-tion-sharing program. In that regard, I am pleased to report that, as of this month, both the Fed-eral Protective Service and the United States Coast Guard have started par-ticipating on the HSIN-Intel Partner Products page. I encourage other com-ponents of the Department that do not participate to follow suit. This is a commonsense bill with bipartisan sup-port that will enhance DHS’ relation-ship with State and local fusion cen-ters across the country. In short, we have learned many les-sons this past year in analyzing and studying fusion centers. This bill fixes the multiple problems that we have en-countered. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5079, the DHS Field Engagement Ac-countability Act. H.R. 5079 would require the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to develop a fusion center engagement strategy. One of the tragic lessons of the Sep-tember 11 attacks was what can happen when information is not shared at all levels of law enforcement. Since 2006, the committee has sup-ported the Department’s efforts to de-ploy intelligence analysts to many of the 79 fusion centers across the coun-try. These fusion centers are charged with connecting the dots at the State or local level to prevent terrorist or ex-tremist violence. H.R. 5079 continues in this vein by directing DHS to focus on strengthening its relationship with the fusion centers. At a time when violent attacks in Florida, New York, Las Vegas, and Charlottesville are tragically all too much a part of our new normal, we need this improved relationship be-tween the Department and fusion cen-ters more than ever. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.010 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1669 March 19, 2018 
In addition to requiring an engage-ment strategy, the bill requires DHS to have metrics in place to hold the per-sonnel it deploys to fusion centers ac-countable for their performance. Finally, this legislation seeks to en-courage use of the Department’s intel-ligence and document-sharing systems to promote greater engagement among the Department and fusion centers across the country. Specifically, H.R. 5079 would create policies for information sharing via De-partment networks that are developed and updated in consultation with the Department’s experts on privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure. In closing, with the emergence of lone wolves and small terrorist cells, the decentralized terrorist threat in the United States poses serious threats to local communities across our coun-try from big cities to small towns. Whether the target is a church in South Carolina, a Sikh temple in Wis-consin, a mosque in Illinois, a syna-gogue in New York, a concert venue in Las Vegas, or a school in Florida, State and local law enforcement need a clear line of communication with Federal agencies. As such, DHS must ensure that fusion centers throughout the country have access to the resources— including personnel, training, and ac-cess to information—necessary to keep the U.S. homeland safe and secure. H.R. 5079 directs DHS to do just that by requiring the Department to have a strategy to enhance engagement with fusion centers and provide fusion cen-ter personnel. Additionally, H.R. 5079 would ensure that DHS’ information- sharing policies include strong privacy and civil liberty safeguards. I, there-fore, encourage my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 5079. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank the gentlewoman from New Jer-sey for her comments and her support making this bill a bipartisan bill. Part of the work that we are doing is we are going to improve 70 different fusion centers with this bill and standardize the performance of all of them. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5079, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECU-RITY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5131) to improve the effectiveness of Federal efforts to identify and ad-dress homeland security risks to sur-face transportation, secure against ve-hicle-based attacks, and conduct a fea-sibility assessment of introducing new security technologies and measures, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5131 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Surface Transportation Security Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (2) P
UBLIC AND PRIVATE SECTOR STAKE -
HOLDERS .—The term ‘‘public and private sec-tor stakeholders’’ has the meaning given such term in section 114(u)(1)(C) of title 49, United States Code. (3) S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION ASSET .—The term ‘‘surface transportation asset’’ includes facilities, equipment, or systems used to pro-vide transportation services by— (A) a public transportation agency (as such term is defined in section 1402(5) of the Im-plementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53; 6 U.S.C. 1131(5))); (B) a railroad carrier (as such term is de-fined in section 20102(3) of title 49, United States Code); (C) an owner or operator of— (i) an entity offering scheduled, fixed-route transportation services by over-the-road bus (as such term is defined in section 1501(4) of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 53; 6 U.S.C. 1151(4))); or (ii) a bus terminal; or (D) other transportation facilities, equip-ment, or systems, as determined by the Sec-retary. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL STRATEGY FOR TRANSPOR-TATION SECURITY REVIEW. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall evaluate the degree to which the 2016 Biennial Na-tional Strategy for Transportation Security, as required pursuant to section 114(s) of title 49, United States Code, that was issued on August 11, 2016, by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration, is reflected in Federal transportation security programs, budgets, research, staffing levels, and related efforts and, in carrying out such evaluation, shall consider the degree to which— (1) such strategy is sufficiently forward- looking to guide future Federal efforts relat-ing to transportation security; (2) Federal transportation security pro-grams, budgets, research, staffing levels, and related efforts for fiscal year 2018 and beyond are guided by such strategy; and (3) the annual progress reports submitted to Congress pursuant to such section subse-quent to the issuance of such strategy pro-vide information on the degree to which such strategy guides Federal efforts relating to transportation security. SEC. 4. RISK SCENARIOS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall annually develop, con-sistent with the transportation modal secu-rity plans required under section 114(s) of title 49, United States Code, risk-based prior-ities based on risk assessments conducted or received by the Secretary across all trans-portation modes that consider threats, vulnerabilities, and consequences. (b) S
CENARIOS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall ensure that the risk- based priorities identified pursuant to sub-section (a) are informed by an analysis of terrorist attack scenarios for each transpor-tation mode, including cyber attack sce-narios and intelligence and open source in-formation about current and evolving threats. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after each development of risk-based priorities under subsection (a), the Secretary of Home-land Security shall provide to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that includes the following: (1) Copies of the risk assessments for each transportation mode. (2) A summary that ranks the risks within and across modes. (3) A description of the risk-based prior-ities for securing the transportation sector that identifies and prioritizes the greatest security needs of such transportation sector, both across and within modes, in the order that such priorities should be addressed. (4) Information on the underlying meth-odologies used to assess risks across and within each transportation mode and the basis for any assumptions regarding threats, vulnerabilities, and consequences made in assessing and prioritizing risks within each such mode and across modes. (d) C
LASSIFICATION .—The information pro-vided under subsection (c) may be submitted in a classified format or unclassified format, as appropriate. 
SEC. 5. ASSESSMENTS AND SECURITY PLANS; FRONTLINE EMPLOYEE SECURITY TRAINING. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees and the Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security a report on— (1) the status of regulations requiring as-sessments and security plans as specified in sections 1405, 1512, and 1531 of the Imple-menting Recommendations of the 9/11 Com-mission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1134, 1162, and 1181) that includes a timeline for the issuance of a final rulemaking subsequent to the December 16, 2016, publication in the Federal Register of an advance notice of pro-posed rulemaking; and (2) the status of regulations for a security training program to prepare transportation employees for potential security threats and conditions as specified in sections 1408, 1517, and 1534 of the Implementing Recommenda-tions of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1137, 1167, and 1184) that includes a timeline for the issuance of a final rule-making subsequent to the December 16, 2016, publication in the Federal Register of a no-tice of proposed rulemaking. (b) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 120 days after submission of the report under subsection (a), the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a review of such report that includes information on— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.031 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1670 March 19, 2018 
(1) departmental efforts to finalize rule-making; and (2) recommendations, as necessary, to en-sure implementation of the regulations re-ferred to in such subsection. 
SEC. 6. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) E MERGING ISSUES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security and in coordination with the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a feasibility assessment of modifying the se-curity of surface transportation assets by— (1) introducing next generation tech-nologies to be integrated into systems of sur-face transportation assets to detect explo-sives, including through the deployment of mobile explosives detection technologies to conduct risk-based passenger and property screening at such systems; (2) providing surface transportation asset operators with access to the Transportation Security Administration’s Secure Flight Program or a similar passenger vetting sys-tem maintained by the Transportation Secu-rity Administration; (3) deploying a credential authentication technology or other means of identification document inspection to high-risk surface transportation assets to assist operators conducting passenger vetting; and (4) deploying scalable, cost-effective tech-nology solutions to detect chemical, biologi-cal, radiological, nuclear, or explosive threats within high-risk surface transpor-tation assets that are capable of passive, continuous, and real-time sensing and detec-tion of, and alerting passengers and oper-ating personnel to, the presence of such a threat. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the assessment required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security and in coordination with the Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration, shall address the techno-logical, privacy, operational, passenger fa-cilitation, and public acceptance consider-ations involved with each security measure contemplated in such assessment. 
SEC. 7. BEST PRACTICES TO SECURE AGAINST VEHICLE-BASED ATTACKS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall disseminate best practices to public and private sector stake-holders regarding how to enhance transpor-tation security against the threat of a vehi-cle-based terrorist attack. 
SEC. 8. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION STAKE-HOLDER SURVEY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall begin conducting a survey of public and pri-vate stakeholders responsible for securing surface transportation assets regarding re-source challenges, including the availability of Federal funding, associated with securing such assets that provides an opportunity for respondents to set forth information on spe-cific unmet needs. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after beginning the survey required under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall report to the appropriate congres-sional committees regarding the results of such survey and the Department of Home-land Security’s efforts to address any identi-fied security vulnerabilities. SEC. 9. INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES AND CAPA-BILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration may establish a task force to collaborate with public and private sector stakeholders to identify and develop an innovative tech-nology or capability with the potential to enhance transportation security, including by— (1) conducting a field demonstration of such a technology or capability in an oper-ational environment; (2) gathering performance data from such a demonstration to inform the acquisition process; and (3) to the extent practicable, providing funding and promoting efforts to enable par-ticipation in a demonstration by a small business that has an innovative technology or capability but does not have adequate re-sources to participate in a field demonstra-tion under paragraph (1). (b) C
OMPOSITION .—The task force author-ized under subsection (a) shall be chaired by the Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration’s designee and com-prised of representatives appointed by the Administrator, in consultation with the Chairperson of the Aviation Security Advi-sory Committee (established pursuant to sec-tion 44946 of title 49, United States Code). (c) A
CTIVITIES .—The chair of the task force shall— (1) evaluate technologies and capabilities for field demonstrations with potential to enhance surface transportation security, in addition to technologies and capabilities with potential to enhance aviation security; (2) coordinate with the Science and Tech-nology Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security to leverage such tech-nologies and capabilities; and (3) submit to the Secretary of Homeland Security an annual report regarding the task force’s activities that identifies, for each such technology or capability, what mode of transportation could be enhanced by the in-tegration of such technology or capability into security operations and, as appropriate, plans for deploying such technology or capa-bility. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall require the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion to acquire an innovative technology or capability. (e) N
ON-APPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Fed-eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the task force. 
SEC. 10. SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES TIED TO FOR-EIGN THREAT COUNTRIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with the Under Sec-retary for the National Protection and Pro-grams Directorate of the Department, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of terrorist and other threats to the transportation sector, including surface transportation assets, posed by the use of security technologies, in-cluding software and networked tech-nologies, developed or manufactured by firms that are owned or closely linked to the governments of countries that are known to pose a cyber or homeland security threat. 
SEC. 11. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY INSPECTORS. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the Comptroller General of the United States a strategy to guide operations of surface transportation security inspectors that ad-dresses the following: (1) Any limitations in data systems for such inspectors, as identified by the Comp-troller General. (2) Alignment of operations with risk as-sessment findings, including an approach to identifying and prioritizing entities and lo-cations for inspections. (3) Measurable objectives for the surface transportation security inspectors program. (b) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the submission of the strategy required under subsection (b), the Comptroller General of the United States shall review such strategy and, as appro-priate, issue recommendations. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5131, the Surface Transpor-tation Security Improvement Act of 2018, as amended. As you may be aware, TSA was cre-ated in response to the terrorist at-tacks on September 11. While the impe-tus behind its creation was the threat to aviation security, TSA is respon-sible for securing all transportation modes, including surface transpor-tation assets such as railroads, mass transit, pipelines, buses, and ports. Given the persistent threats facing aviation in the post-9/11 era, TSA’s main focus has been securing the avia-tion sector. However, in recent years, threats emanating against surface transportation modes, especially mass transit hubs, have steadily increased. Attacks against these surface targets often require less sophistication than attacks against aviation, making them especially attractive to lone wolves or homegrown violent extremists. Surface transportation systems are also a very attractive target due to their large volume of daily ridership and open infrastructure. The most re-cent example of an attack targeting surface is the attempted suicide bomb-ing in December 2017 at New York City’s Port Authority Bus Terminal. Given the current threat environ-ment, a review of TSA’s approach to securing all transportation modes and an assessment of the degree to which surface transportation security should be prioritized is certainly warranted. Specifically, this bill mandates a GAO review of the national strategy for transportation security, the develop-ment of risk-based priorities for all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.013 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1671 March 19, 2018 
transportation modes, and a feasibility assessment of utilizing security tech-nologies for surface transportation as-sets. Furthermore, the bill requires TSA to disseminate best practices for en-hancing security against vehicle-based terrorist attacks and authorizes a sur-face-focused Innovation Task Force. Finally, the bill requires a threat as-sessment of certain security tech-nologies tied to foreign countries and a strategy for TSA’s surface transpor-tation inspectors. In the face of emerg-ing threats, it is imperative that Con-gress ensure TSA is adequately exe-cuting its mission to protect all trans-portation modes, not just aviation. I thank the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security, Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN , for authoring this legisla-tion, as well as the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. K
ATKO , for his sup-port and leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5131, the Surface Transpor-tation Security Improvement Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, the Nation’s surface transportation systems are central to Americans’ daily life. Subways, buses, trains, and pipelines move millions of people and goods every day. Given their criticality, it is no surprise that terrorists have targeted these systems for attack. In recent years, attacks overseas have proven lethal, even more so, on average, than attacks against aviation. In December 2017, the threat against these systems hit home when a would-be attacker detonated a bomb within New York City’s Port Authority Bus Terminal subway station. My bill, H.R. 5131, would require the Department of Homeland Security to take meaningful steps to address this emerging threat. First, it would re-quire TSA to take a more comprehen-sive approach to transportation threats when it comes to assessing risk and setting strategies and priorities. Sec-ond, it would require TSA to take a hard look at integrating new tech-nologies and security measures into mass transit and other surface trans-portation systems. Importantly, H.R. 5131 also would re-quire DHS to assess cyber threats posed by foreign technologies and to disseminate best practices for securing transportation systems against vehi-cle-based attacks, such as the truck at-tack we witnessed in New York City last October. Finally, it would require TSA to de-velop a risk-based strategy for its sur-face inspectors and answer to Congress for its failure to issue long overdue reg-ulations that are required by the Im-plementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007. Consideration of H.R. 5131 today is timely, given the cuts to surface trans-portation security programs proposed by the President in both the fiscal year 2018 and 2019 budgets. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure to improve sur-face transportation security. In closing, as we have seen around the world, the threats to surface trans-portation systems are real and evolv-ing. A major attack on any one system could be devastating and result in sig-nificant loss of life. My bill will push TSA to increase and enhance its efforts to secure these critical systems. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this. I appre-ciate the support from my colleague and the support from Mr. KATKO . Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to com-mend the gentlewoman from New Jer-sey’s work on this bill and Mr. K
ATKO , the chairman of the subcommittee. This is obviously very important. Airports aren’t the only target. We have bus transportation, we have seen those targeted in Europe; our rail cen-ters are also targets. We have seen that in Europe, and we have seen indica-tions of those attacks being planned here as well. Once again, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5131, the ‘‘Surface Transpor-tation Security Improvement Act of 2018,’’ which would increase the nation’s readiness to deal with national security threats. H.R. 5131 requires the Government Ac-countability Office to review the effectiveness of the Transportation Security Administration’s Biennial National Strategy for Transportation Security. H.R. 5131 would also require the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to develop risk- based priorities across all transportation modes. This would be informed by analysis of ter-rorist attack scenarios for each mode of trans-portation. The work directly under this will also include cyber-attack scenarios, which poses an in-creasing threat to the well-being of our public and private infrastructures. H.R. 5131 requires DHS to explain overdue surface transportation security rulemakings and the Inspector General to review DHS’s ex-planations, and report on its findings. It directs DHS to conduct a feasibility as-sessment of introducing next generation tech-nologies to detect threats to surface transpor-tation systems. DHS would also disseminate best practices for enhancing transportation security against the threat of vehicle-based attacks. The bill also requires DHS to conduct and report to Congress on a survey of surface transportation stakeholders regarding resource challenges, including the availability of Federal funding and specific unmet needs. It authorizes a TSA task force to identify and develop innovative technologies and ca-pabilities to enhance transportation security, including surface transportation security. It also directs DHS to assess the threats posed by the use of security technologies de-veloped or manufactured by firms owned or closely linked to the governments of countries known to pose cyber or homeland security threats. This is extremely important given the ongo-ing threats to our democracy from a rising number of malevolent global actors, including North Korea and Russia. Finally, the bill requires the TSA to develop a strategy to guide surface transportation se-curity inspector operations, which would be subject to GAO review. In sum, H.R. 5131 enhances TSA’s surface transportation security operations across a range of activities, while taking into consider-ation the role of computers in the moderniza-tion of our nation’s transportation systems. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ESTES of Kansas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5131, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
STRENGTHENING AVIATION SECURITY ACT OF 2018 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4467) to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strategies, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4467 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-ening Aviation Security Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. USE OF RISK-BASED STRATEGIES BY FED-ERAL AIR MARSHAL SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 44917 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(9) shall require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize a risk-based strategy when allocating resources between international and domestic flight coverage, including when initially setting its annual target numbers of average daily international and domestic flights to cover; ‘‘(10) shall require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize a risk-based strategy to support domestic allocation decisions; ‘‘(11) shall require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize a risk-based strategy to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.033 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1672 March 19, 2018 
support international allocation decisions; and ‘‘(12) shall ensure that the seating arrange-ments of Federal air marshals on aircraft are determined in a manner that is risk-based and most capable of responding to current threats to aviation security.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that describes the compliance of the Federal Air Marshal Service with the re-quirements specified in paragraphs (9) through (12) of subsection (a) of section 44917 of title 49, United States Code, as added by this Act, and the documented methodology used by the Federal Air Marshal Service to conduct risk assessments in accordance with such paragraphs. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The Transportation Security Administration shall begin car-rying out the requirements specified in para-graphs (9) through (12) of subsection (a) of section 44917, United States Code, added by this Act, by not later than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. b1700 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4467, the Strengthening Avia-tion Security Act of 2018. Described by Chairman M
CCAUL in his State of National Security Address as ‘‘the crown jewel of ISIS and other terrorist groups,’’ the American avia-tion industry remains a key target of terrorism. The Transportation Security Admin-istration has made great strides in se-curing commercial flights, but the threat of evolving terror tactics re-quires a comprehensive, multilateral approach informed by data collected from industry. The TSA’s risk management strategy for passenger aviation security is char-acterized by a multilayered approach, whereby the TSA deploys a variety of security countermeasures to detect and deter threats. Federal air marshals, also known as FAMs, are armed law enforcement offi-cers deployed on passenger flights as part of the TSA’s comprehensive secu-rity strategy to protect air passengers and crews against criminals and terror-ists. Due to the high volume of passenger flights and limited resources at the TSA, it is imperative that FAM deploy-ment is risk-based and strategic in order to achieve the greatest security value. However, a recent GAO report from September 2017 found that the TSA does not measure data on the effi-cacy and deterrence value of FAMs. Without viable metrics, it is impos-sible for the TSA to truly employ a cal-culated risk management strategy for passenger aviation security. Accord-ingly, the Strengthening Aviation Se-curity Act of 2018 requires the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk- based strategies for international and domestic flight coverage. This bill ensures that FAMs are de-ployed in a manner that adds strategic value to the TSA’s multilayered secu-rity approach. As amended, the bill also requires the TSA to take their risk-based approach a step further by ensuring that FAMs are seated in tac-tical positions when deployed on the aircraft. Strategic seating arrangements will provide FAMs with a distinct advan-tage in the event of a threat to avia-tion security and ensure that they are more relevant to the important mis-sion for which they are tasked. The Strengthening Aviation Security Act emphasizes the importance of in-telligence-driven, risk-based decisions to make the best use of the Federal Air Marshal Service’s resources and per-sonnel. I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) for authoring this legislation, as well the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. K
ATKO , for his work on this bill. Additionally, I wish to thank the chairman of the full com-mittee, Mr. M
CCAUL, for moving the bill through the committee process. This bill will promote public con-fidence in the security of the Nation’s aviation system and ensure that armed Federal law enforcement officers are deployed on passenger flights, where they are most needed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4467, the Strengthening Aviation Secu-rity Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, it has been over 16 years since the September 11 terrorist attacks. Since that time, our transpor-tation security systems have evolved in a number of ways, from the creation of the TSA to the hardening of cockpit doors. An important change to security has been the evolution of the Federal Air Marshal Service. Federal air mar-shals are armed law enforcement offi-cers who are deployed on domestic and international passenger flights to pro-tect passengers and crew against ter-rorist attacks. On 9/11, the FAA employed a small number of Federal air marshals to serve as in-flight security on a small percentage of flights. After 9/11, the Federal Air Marshal Service expanded rapidly; and, in 2005, it was transferred to the TSA, where it operates today. Today, air marshals contribute to aviation security by deploying on many domestic and international flights. They also help secure surface transportation systems and public air-port areas as major participants in the TSA’s Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response—or VIPR—teams. To ensure the continued effectiveness of the air marshals, H.R. 4467 requires the TSA to ensure that officers are de-ployed in a risk-based manner that is focused on maximizing effectiveness. As amended, the bill also ensures risk- based seating of air marshals on pas-senger aircraft to enable officers to re-spond effectively to security threats. This is a sensible bill to improve aviation security, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H
ICE), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 4467, the Strengthening Avia-tion Security Act. Mr. Speaker, last year, I learned that, while the Federal Air Marshal Service considers its travel budget and the number of personnel when deter-mining which flights will be covered by air marshals, they do not consider risk. This current system might maximize the number of flights covered by air marshals, but it does not ensure that the highest risk flights—those likely to be hijacked by a potential terrorist— would be covered by air marshals. The Strengthening Aviation Security Act would fix this flawed policy by requir-ing the Federal Air Marshal Service to incorporate risk in its deployment strategy in three ways: First, this legislation requires the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize a risk-based strategy when allocating resources between international and domestic flight coverage. Currently, the Federal Air Marshal Service does not account for risk when it sets its annual target numbers of average international and domestic flights to cover. Second, this legislation requires the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize a risk-based strategy to support domes-tic allocation decisions. Currently, these decisions are made based on the professional judgment of subject mat-ter experts. Without documented risk assessments, the Federal Air Marshal Service cannot justify to the TSA, the Department of Homeland Security, or Congress why it chooses to deploy air marshals on certain flights and not on others. Third, this legislation requires the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.014 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1673 March 19, 2018 
a risk-based strategy to support inter-national allocation decisions. Shockingly, the Federal Air Marshal Service does not currently document the rationales for their international allocation decisions. Without this doc-umentation, there is no verifiable method to determine whether the deci-sions are intelligence-driven, risk- based, or even in compliance with the TSA or DHS directives. Unless the Fed-eral Air Marshal Service accounts for risk at every level of its deployment strategy, it cannot ensure that it is de-voting its resources to cover the high-est-risk flights. It is incumbent upon us in Congress to address any vulnerabilities to our national security and to enable our Federal agencies to effectively deter, detect, and disrupt any attacks planned by our enemies, and this legis-lation does just that. I would like to thank Chairman M
CCAULand Chairman K ATKO for their strong support of this legislation, and I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the threats to aviation continue to require constant vigilance and effective security solutions. The Federal Air Marshal Service does not have unlimited budgetary re-sources to deploy marshals on every passenger flight. As such, resources must be allocated based on risk. H.R. 4467 will help ensure that the TSA does just that, and I encourage my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill makes total sense. If you are going to use Federal air marshals where they are needed most, it should be analytical and sci-entific-based so that we get the most bang for the buck. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4467, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
STRENGTHENING LOCAL TRANS-PORTATION SECURITY CAPABILI-TIES ACT OF 2018 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5089) to improve threat informa-tion sharing, integrated operations, and law enforcement training for transportation security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5089 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-ening Local Transportation Security Capa-bilities Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) P
UBLIC AND PRIVATE SECTOR STAKE -
HOLDERS .—The term ‘‘public and private sec-tor stakeholders’’ has the meaning given such term in section 114(u)(1)(C) of title 49, United States Code. (2) S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION ASSET .—The term ‘‘surface transportation asset’’ includes facilities, equipment, or systems used to pro-vide transportation services by— (A) a public transportation agency (as such term is defined in section 1402(5) of the Im-plementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53; 6 U.S.C. 1131(5))); (B) a railroad carrier (as such term is de-fined in section 20102(3) of title 49, United States Code); (C) an owner or operator of— (i) an entity offering scheduled, fixed-route transportation services by over-the-road bus (as such term is defined in section 1501(4) of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 53; 6 U.S.C. 1151(4))); or (ii) a bus terminal; or (D) other transportation facilities, equip-ment, or systems, as determined by the Sec-retary. (3) T
RANSPORTATION FACILITY .—The term ‘‘transportation facility’’ means a bus ter-minal, intercity or commuter passenger rail station, airport, multi-modal transportation center, or other transportation facility, as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 3. THREAT INFORMATION SHARING. 
(a) P RIORITIZATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall prioritize the as-signment of officers and intelligence ana-lysts under section 210A of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h) from the Transportation Security Administration and, as appropriate, from the Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security, to locations with par-ticipating State, local, and regional fusion centers in jurisdictions with a high-risk sur-face transportation asset in order to enhance the security of such assets, including by im-proving timely sharing of classified informa-tion regarding terrorist and other threats. (b) I
NTELLIGENCE PRODUCTS .—Officers and intelligence analysts assigned to locations with participating State, local, and regional fusion centers under this section shall par-ticipate in the generation and dissemination of transportation security intelligence prod-ucts, with an emphasis on terrorist and other threats to surface transportation assets that— (1) assist State, local, and tribal law en-forcement agencies in deploying their re-sources, including personnel, most effi-ciently to help detect, prevent, investigate, apprehend, and respond to terrorist and other threats; (2) promote more consistent and timely sharing of threat information among juris-dictions; and (3) enhance the Department of Homeland Security’s situational awareness of such ter-rorist and other threats. (c) CLEARANCES .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall make available to appro-priate owners and operators of surface trans-portation assets, and any other person that the Secretary determines appropriate to fos-ter greater sharing of classified information relating to terrorist and other threats to sur-face transportation assets, the process of ap-plication for security clearances under Exec-utive Order 13549 (75 Fed. Reg. 162; relating to a classified national security information program) or any successor Executive order. 
SEC. 4. INTEGRATED AND UNIFIED OPERATIONS CENTERS. 
(a) F RAMEWORK .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration, in consultation with the heads of other appropriate offices or components of the Department of Homeland Security, shall make available to public and private sector stakeholders a framework for establishing an integrated and unified oper-ations center responsible for overseeing daily operations of a transportation facility that promotes coordination for responses to terrorism, serious incidents, and other pur-poses, as determined appropriate by the Ad-ministrator. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration shall report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate regarding the establishment and ac-tivities of integrated and unified operations centers at transportation facilities at which the Transportation Security Administration has a presence. 
SEC. 5. LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT SECURITY TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with public and private sector stakeholders, may de-velop, through the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers, a training program to en-hance the protection, preparedness, and re-sponse capabilities of law enforcement agen-cies with respect to terrorism and other seri-ous incidents at a surface transportation asset. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—If the Secretary of Homeland Security develops the training program described in subsection (a), such training program shall— (1) be informed by current information re-garding terrorist tactics; (2) include tactical instruction tailored to the diverse nature of the surface transpor-tation asset operational environment; and (3) prioritize training officers from law en-forcement agencies that are eligible for or receive grants under sections 2003 or 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604 and 605) and officers employed by railroad carriers that operate passenger service, in-cluding interstate passenger service. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have five legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.037 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1674 March 19, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5089, the Strengthening Local Transportation Security Capabilities Act of 2018. As evidenced by recent attacks in New York, London, and elsewhere around the world, the threat against surface transportation is real and un-wavering. While the Department of Homeland Security, the Transpor-tation Security Administration, and other Federal entities have made sig-nificant progress in providing support to State and local surface transpor-tation assets, the current threat envi-ronment necessitates a coordinated ap-proach. Intelligence sharing is the backbone of informed, risk-based security, yet the top-down dissemination of this in-formation is often stymied by bureauc-racy and classification barriers. This begs the question: How effective is intelligence collection and analysis if it does not reach the front line and inform subsequent decisionmaking? H.R. 5089, the Strengthening Local Transportation Security Capabilities Act of 2018, requires the DHS Secretary to prioritize the assignment of officers and intelligence analysts and, as appro-priate, the DHS Office of Intelligence and Analysis—or I&A—to fusion cen-ters in jurisdictions with high-risk sur-face transportation assets. High-risk surface transportation as-sets transport millions of people and commodities daily and are critical for the vitality of the American economy. This legislation will streamline and en-hance the intelligence-sharing process so these high-risk systems are better prepared to be resilient against emerg-ing threats. A common complaint from owners, operators, law enforcement, and first responders is that the TSA, and the Federal Government in general, does not provide sufficient information for them to adequately prepare for threats. This is primarily due to issues sur-rounding classification, where key per-sonnel at the State and local levels do not have access to pertinent security information. As such, this bill requires the Sec-retary to make security clearances available to appropriate stakeholders, thereby making important and rel-evant threat information more acces-sible to the people who are heavily in-volved in the day-to-day security oper-ations of surface transportation sys-tems. H.R. 5089 also requires the TSA Ad-ministrator to share with owners and operators a framework for unified oper-ation centers to ensure robust response to security incidents. Recent terror attacks and plots illus-trate the challenges of effective coordi-nation in a ‘‘system of systems.’’ This bill will streamline coordination ef-forts between Federal, State, and local entities to bring the right information to the right people. The interconnected, diverse, and readily accessible nature of surface transportation systems creates unique security challenges that are best ad-dressed by communication, coordina-tion, and collaboration. H.R. 5089 will create a structural framework to connect the Department of Homeland Security, the Transpor-tation Security Administration, and surface transportation stakeholders, and it will facilitate timely informa-tion sharing. I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) for her leader-ship on this issue. I also thank the chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Secu-rity, Mr. K
ATKO , as well as the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , for their dedication to improving surface transportation se-curity. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill, H.R. 5089, the Strengthening Local Transportation Security Capabilities Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, in 2013, my home air-port, Los Angeles International Air-port, came under attack when a gun-man opened fire at a TSA security checkpoint, killing TSA Officer Gerardo Hernandez and injuring many others. b1715 This shooting was just one of several recent attacks on relatively soft tar-gets such as public airport areas and surface transportation systems. In the wake of the shooting at LAX, Congress passed the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015, which made several important security im-provements, including directing air-ports in high-risk surface transpor-tation systems to install incident re-sponse plans and requiring TSA to pro-vide active-shooter training to all of its screening personnel. Now, over 2 years later, it is time to take the next step in improving security for these soft targets. Enactment of my bill, H.R. 5089, is that next step. H.R. 5089 is focused on enhancing the capabilities of local transportation security stake-holders to prevent and respond to ter-rorist attacks and other serious inci-dents. State and local stakeholders, includ-ing transit system owners and opera-tors and law enforcement agencies, play a significant role in securing sur-face transportation systems against threats; yet many stakeholders cite a lack of sufficient information from TSA and the Federal Government to adequately prepare for these threats. The Strengthening Local Transpor-tation Security Capabilities Act of 2018 requires DHS to prioritize the assign-ment of officers and intelligence ana-lysts to fusion centers in jurisdictions with a high-risk surface transportation asset, thus improving information sharing. Further, it directs TSA to make a framework available to stakeholders for establishing operation centers re-sponsible for overseeing daily oper-ations of transportation facilities, al-lowing for improved communications. Finally, it authorizes DHS to develop a training program through the Fed-eral Law Enforcement Training Cen-ters to enhance the capabilities of law enforcement agencies operating at sur-face transportation assets. Taken together, the provisions build upon previous efforts to secure our transportation systems by enhancing protection, preparedness, and response capabilities of State and local partners working to protect these critical sys-tems. Mr. Speaker, the shooting at LAX, along with attacks on surface transpor-tation systems and public airport areas in New Orleans, Fort Lauderdale, New York City, and overseas have proven that acts of terror are not limited to the aviation sector. To effectively ad-dress threats to surface transportation systems, State and local stakeholders must be able to communicate not only with TSA and the Federal Government, but amongst themselves during an inci-dent. My bill seeks to bridge potential gaps in communication and coordina-tion capabilities. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 5089, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if we have important in-formation we can’t serve to the right decisionmakers at the local level, we fail, which we have learned from 9/11 and other places where information is bottled up and doesn’t get to the people who need it. This bill helps solve that. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise as a member of the House Committee on Home-land Security, subcommittee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection to speak in strong support of H.R. 5089, ‘‘the Strength-ening Local Transportation Security Capabili-ties Act of 2018.’’ Thank you Representative B
ARRAGA ´Nfor in- troducing this important measure, as former Chairwoman of the Homeland Security Sub-committee on Transportation Security and In-frastructure Protection I understand the value and importance of this bill. I have long supported bolstering our Na-tion’s transportation system security through improving coordination of local jurisdictions with federal law enforcement agencies. H.R. 5089 does just that by requiring the Department of Homeland Security to prioritize the detailing of personnel from the Transpor-tation Security Administration and the DHS Of-fice of Intelligence and Analysis to be sta-tioned with participating state, local, and-re-gional fusion center in jurisdictions with a high- risk surface transportation asset. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.039 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1675 March 19, 2018 
In 2013, the Port of Houston which receives over 200 million tons of cargo a year was the 8th busiest container port in the nation. Houston, also home to George Bush Inter-national Airport, the 14th busiest airport in the nation, will benefit directly from the resources provided in H.R. 5089. Our transportation system facilitates eco-nomic growth through creating jobs, trans-porting goods, and connecting communities to one another. This bill requires officers and analysts to participate in the generation and dissemination of transportation security intelligence products. Additionally, H.R. 5089 directs TSA to make available to public and private sector stake-holders a framework for establishing inte-grated and unified operations centers respon-sible for overseeing daily operations of trans-portation facilities to promote coordination for responses to terrorism and other serious inci-dents. Finally, it authorizes DHS to develop, through Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers, a training program to enhance the protection, preparedness, and response capa-bilities of law enforcement agencies with re-spect to terrorism and other serious incidents at surface transportation assets. Taken together, the bill’s provisions en-hance the capabilities of local transportation security stakeholders to prevent and respond to terrorist attacks and other serious incidents. We should support this effort to improve our National security and transportation capabili-ties against terrorism. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5089. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5089, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
KENNEDY-KING NATIONAL COMMEMORATIVE SITE ACT Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4851) to establish the Kennedy- King National Historic Site in the State of Indiana, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4851 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kennedy– King National Commemorative Site Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (2) SITE.—The term ‘‘Site’’ means the Ken-nedy-King National Commemorative Site as designated by section 3(a). (3) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Indiana. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL COMMEMORATIVE SITE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Landmark for Peace Memorial in Martin Luther King, Jr. Park in Indianapolis, in the State, is hereby des-ignated as the Kennedy-King National Com-memorative Site. (b) A
FRICAN AMERICAN CIVIL RIGHTS NET-
WORK .—The Site shall be part of the African American Civil Rights Network established under Public Law 115–104. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary may enter into cooperative agree-ments with appropriate public or private en-tities for interpretative and educational pur-poses related to the Site. (2) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—The Site shall not be a unit of the National Park System. (3) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this Act— (A) authorizes the Secretary to interfere with the rights of any person with respect to private property or any local zoning ordi-nance or land use plan of the State or any political subdivision thereof; or (B) authorizes the Secretary to acquire land or interests in land through condemna-tion or otherwise. (d) S
PECIAL RESOURCE STUDY .—The Sec- retary shall conduct a special resource study of the Site to evaluate the national signifi-cance of the Site and determine the suit-ability and feasibility of designating the Site as a unit of the National Park System. The Secretary shall also consider other alter-natives for preservation, protection, and in-terpretation of the Site by Federal, State, or local government entities, or private and non-profit groups. The study shall be con-ducted in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. Not later than three years after the date on which funds are made available to conduct the study, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress that describes the results of the study and any recommendations of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4851, introduced by Congressman A
NDRE´CARSON and co-sponsored by Congresswoman S
USAN  B
ROOKS , would establish the Kennedy- King National Commemorative Site in Indianapolis, Indiana. Additionally, the bill directs the Sec-retary of the Interior to include the site in the newly established African American Civil Rights Network, and it authorizes a special resource study to evaluate the national significance of the site and determine the suitability and feasibility of including the site as a unit of the National Park system. On April 4, 1968, Senator Robert F. Kennedy had scheduled a speech in In-dianapolis during his campaign for the Presidency of the United States. Just prior to giving his remarks, Mr. Ken-nedy was informed of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He then changed his planned remarks to, in-stead, inform the large gathering of Dr. King’s death. In this historic speech, he called upon Americans to embrace non-violence in reaction to the news of Dr. King’s assassination. Senator Kennedy stated: ‘‘What we need in the United States is not division; what we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not vio-lence and lawlessness, but is love and wisdom and compassion toward one an-other, and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within our coun-try, whether they be White or whether they be Black.’’ The site where Senator Kennedy de-livered the speech is currently located in a city park established in 1961 and has since served as a community gath-ering place. In 1994, the Landmark for Peace Memorial sculpture was erected on the site of Senator Kennedy’s speech. April 4, 2018, marks the 50th an-niversary of Robert Kennedy’s speech and Dr. King’s assassination. I commend Representative CARSON  and Representative B
ROOKS for work-ing across the aisle on this bipartisan and important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ). Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my good friend, Representa-tive H
ANABUSA for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to speak in support of my bill, H.R. 4851, the Ken-nedy-King National Commemorative Site Act. I also thank my colleagues on the Natural Resources Committee for their very prompt consideration of this bill, including Chairman B
ISHOP and Ranking Member G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4851 is a bipartisan and bi-cameral bill with the full support of the entire congressional delegation, in-cluding my good friend and colleague Congresswoman S
USAN BROOKS ; includ-ing my mentor, one of my heroes, Rep-resentative J
OHNLEWIS; and my buddy, Representative J
OEKENNEDY . I thank them for joining the delegation of original cosponsors of Hoosiers. Mr. Speaker, I introduced the Ken-nedy-King National Commemorative Site Act at the request of my constitu-ents to provide formal National Park Service recognition to the site where Senator Robert F. Kennedy gave an ex-traordinary speech in Indianapolis in the spring of 1968. This recognition, as well as addition to the African American Civil Rights 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.017 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1676 March 19, 2018 
Network, will help this location—set on a community board over there—re-main visible and accessible for the in-spiration of present and future genera-tions. Mr. Speaker, some of my colleagues may have heard the story, as it was previously mentioned by my other col-league, that Robert Kennedy had a scheduled speech in the great Hoosier State in the city of Indianapolis during his campaign for the Presidency. How-ever, just before he was to give those remarks, Mr. Speaker, he was told of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King. Before the news became widely known, his advisers said he shouldn’t speak at all. They suggested he should stand back. But Robert F. Kennedy wanted to speak. Despite the risks of outbursts or interruptions, he had something important to say in person and face-to-face for all who were gath-ered. He changed his planned remarks on the fly and broke the news of Dr. King’s assassination to the large crowd assembled in the park. He called for a nonviolent response to Dr. King’s death. Robert Kennedy’s speech has been described as one of the greatest addresses of the 20th century, as a call for unity and nonviolence in a time of great unrest. Mr. Speaker, I include the text of the speech in today’s R
ECORD . 
FULLTEXT OF ROBERT F. K ENNEDY ’SSPEECH : I
NDIANAPOLIS , APRIL 4, 1968 Ladies and Gentlemen, I’m only going to talk to you just for a minute or so this evening, because I have some very sad news for all of you. Could you lower those signs, please? I have some very sad news for all of you, and, I think, sad news for all of our fel-low citizens, and people who love peace all over the world; and that is that Martin Lu-ther King was shot and was killed tonight in Memphis, Tennessee. Martin Luther King dedicated his life to love and to justice between fellow human beings. He died in the cause of that effort. In this difficult day, in this difficult time for the United States, it’s perhaps well to ask what kind of a nation we are and what direc-tion we want to move in. For those of you who are black considering the evidence evidently is that there were white people who were responsible you can be filled with bitterness, and with hatred, and a desire for revenge. We can move in that direction as a coun-try, in greater polarization black people amongst blacks, and white amongst whites, filled with hatred toward one another. Or we can make an effort, as Martin Luther King did, to understand, and to comprehend, and replace that violence, that stain of bloodshed that has spread across our land, with an ef-fort to understand, compassion, and love. For those of you who are black and are tempted to fill with hatred and mistrust of the injustice of such an act, against all white people, I would only say that I can also feel in my own heart the same kind of feeling. I had a member of my family killed, but he was killed by a white man. But we have to make an effort in the United States. We have to make an effort to understand, to get beyond, or go beyond these rather difficult times. My favorite poet was Aeschylus. And he once wrote: Even in our sleep, pain which cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, until, in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grace of God. What we need in the United States is not division; what we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not violence and lawlessness, but is love, and wisdom, and compassion toward one another, and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within our country, whether they be white or whether they be black. So I ask you tonight to return home, to say a prayer for the family of Martin Luther King yeah, ifs true but more importantly to say a prayer for our own country, which all of us love a prayer for understanding and that compassion of which I spoke. We can do well in this country. We will have difficult times. We’ve had difficult times in the past, but we and we will have difficult times in the future. It is not the end of violence; it is not the end of lawlessness; and it’s not the end of disorder. But the vast majority of white people and the vast majority of black people in this country want to live together, want to im-prove the quality of our life, and want jus-tice for all human beings that abide in our land. And let’s dedicate ourselves to what the Greeks wrote so many years ago: to tame the savageness of man and make gentle the life of this world. Let us dedicate ourselves to that, and say a prayer for our country and for our people. Thank you very much. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, as we approach the 50th anniversary of RFK’s speech, it becomes very clear that America needs this national treas-ure to be preserved and promoted be-yond the residents of Indianapolis. This powerful message of nonviolence in re-sponse to violence is more timely and important than ever. The Smithsonian has described 1968 as ‘‘the year that shattered America.’’ It was a time when divisions were sharp and the morale of this country was low. Many stirred up hatred and fear with venomous rhetoric, which drove people long left out of America’s bounty to the limits of their very hu-manity. Many cities erupted in flames and violent riots. When other cities expressed their jus-tified pain, anger, and disenfranchise-ment with destruction, Robert Ken-nedy’s calm voice of reason changed the hearts and minds of people who were feeling so much pain. Indianapolis was the only major city in America that did not burn in that season of pain and violent disruption. JFK was assassinated. Martin Luther King was assassinated. And just 2 months after RFK’s emotional speech in Indianapolis, he, too, was assas-sinated. But in his youth and his abil-ity to feel the pain of others, RFK called on those who were hurting to turn away from violence and hate and practice what MLK practiced. This message and this special place needs to be shared with all Americans across the country today and into the future. The amendment approved by the committee will add the Kennedy- King site to a new civil rights network, Mr. Speaker, and it will designate the location as a commemorative site. This is a timely first step, and I look forward to seeing the bill signed into law this year. And after this step, our constituents and I will continue to count on congressional support for our efforts to establish the Kennedy-King National Historic Site as a unit of the National Park system in Indianapolis, Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my good friend, Congresswoman SUSAN BROOKS , and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this great bill. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ). Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, nearly 50 years ago, on April 4, 1968, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was shot and killed in Memphis, Tennessee. That same night, Senator Robert F. Kennedy was scheduled to deliver a campaign speech in Indianap-olis, the city which my friend and col-league, Representative A
NDRE´CARSON , and I both represent in Congress. Instead, Senator Kennedy broke the news to Hoosiers about what had just happened. His speech calmed a volatile crowd and called for a nonviolent reac-tion to the assassination. He pleaded with the crowd to remain committed to the ideals and peaceful movement of Dr. King during a time of turmoil, con-fusion, and despair. It has been called one of the most important and historic speeches of the 20th century. Unlike other cities which erupted into violence and riots following Dr. King’s assassination, Indianapolis did not burn. The hallowed grounds where Senator Kennedy’s remarks were deliv-ered is known in Indianapolis as Ken-nedy-King Park. b1730 Thanks to H.R. 4851, it will be given the national recognition it deserves for its significance in the civil rights movement. I am proud to support this legislation to honor this historic mo-ment. I thank Chairman B
ISHOP ; Ranking Member G
RIJALVA ; especially my col-league and good friend from across the aisle, Representative C
ARSON , who has led the charge to recognize this park. Before I close, I want to share a small portion of the words shared by Senator Kennedy just about 50 years ago that I think we cannot recite enough in this country: ‘‘What we need in the United States is not division; what we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not vio-lence or lawlessness; but love and wis-dom, and compassion toward one an-other, and a feeling of justice towards those who still suffer within our coun-try.’’ As my good friend has just said, Sen-ator Kennedy’s words are still very rel-evant today. Maybe even more relevant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.042 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1677 March 19, 2018 
today. I encourage all of my colleagues to remember and reflect upon them as we approach the 50th anniversary of the death of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. I am also happy to share that anyone traveling to or from Indianapolis in the coming weeks will be able to hear and read Senator Kennedy’s remarks at an exhibition prominently displayed at the Indianapolis International Airport to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Dr. King’s assassination in April. I am proud that this body will be adding this special place to the African Amer-ican Civil Rights Network. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4851 establishes the Kennedy-King National Commemo-rative Site in Indianapolis to honor the site where Robert F. Kennedy gave a stirring speech shortly after learning of Dr. Martin Luther King’s assassina-tion. The speech was a moment of uni-fication and a rallying cry to remain committed to the values of nonviolent resistance preached by Dr. King. The location of the speech has be-come a source of pride and inspiration for the local community, so much so that they named the park after Dr. King and developed the Landmark for Peace Memorial to commemorate Sen-ator Kennedy’s moving remarks. Desig-nating the memorial as a national commemorative site is a fitting tribute and honor to the legacies of both Dr. King and Senator Kennedy. I thank Representatives C
ARSON and B
ROOKS and the entire Indiana delega-tion for their hard work moving this bill through the legislative process. I support the adoption of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4851, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FLORISSANT FOSSIL BEDS NA-TIONAL MONUMENT MAP MODI-FICATION Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 835) to update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 835 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MAP UPDATE; MAXIMUM ACREAGE AVAILABLE FOR INCLUSION IN THE FLORISSANT FOSSIL BEDS NA-TIONAL MONUMENT. 
The first section of Public Law 91–60 (83 Stat. 101) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘entitled ‘Proposed Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument’, numbered NM–FFB–7100, and dated March 1967, and more particularly described by metes and bounds in an attachment to that map,’’ and inserting ‘‘entitled ‘Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument Proposed Boundary Adjustment’, numbered 171/132,544, and dated May 3, 2016,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘six thousand acres’’ and in-serting ‘‘6,300 acres’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 835 is a bill that I am very pleased to have introduced with bipartisan support from my friends, Congressman S
COTT TIPTON  and Congressman J
ARED POLIS, both of Colorado. Specifically, H.R. 835 would increase the current 6,000 acres to 6,300 acres and allow the National Park Service to accept the donation of 280 acres currently being held by the Palmer Land Trust and Coalition for the Upper South Platte into the monu-ment’s boundaries. The Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument was designated by Congress in 1969 to preserve and study one of the most diverse fossil deposits in the world and to interpret its geologic sig-nificance. Located in a high mountain valley just west of Pikes Peak in my congres-sional district and 35 miles west of Col-orado Springs, Colorado, the monu-ment features detailed fossils of in-sects, plants, and giant petrified red-wood stumps that teach visitors about prehistoric Colorado. The park also maintains a collection of over 12,000 fossil specimens, conducts inventory and monitoring of the fossil sites, has ongoing collaborations, and continues to be the subject of scientific publications. Many of these extraor-dinary fossils from the monument can be found in some of the most promi-nent natural history museums in the world, with the largest exhibit of per-haps 10,000 specimens located close by here in the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History. The monument also offers a variety of recreational experiences, including sightseeing, stargazing, interpretive visitor center exhibits, hiking, pic-nicking, daily ranger-guided programs during the summer, junior ranger pro-grams, and curriculum-based education programs for visiting school groups. It is truly an excellent addition to the National Park Service. Expanding the monument will pro-vide critical access to the park’s west-ern boundary for wildfire protection and opportunities for completing fu-ture hazardous fuel mitigation projects, while also providing addi-tional wildlife habitat. In addition, the donated acreage could, and will, pro-vide visitors with more recreational opportunities, including hiking, snowshoeing, cross-country skiing, and wildlife watching, all with no supple-ment funding or staff needed. The proposed monument boundary expansion has received unanimous local support from all stakeholders; in-cluding, the State of Colorado, the Friends of the Florissant Fossil Beds, Sanborn Western Camps, Teller His-toric and Environmental Coalition, Colorado Parks and Wildlife, Palmer Land Trust, Coalition for the Upper South Platte, the Pikes Peak Histor-ical Society, and the Teller County Board of Commissioners. This bipartisan bill is a great exam-ple for how the Antiquities Act should be applied, with strong local support, consensus, and engagement to identify and conserve the ‘‘smallest area com-patible with proper care and manage-ment of the objects to be protected.’’ That language, Mr. Speaker, is from the original Antiquities Act itself. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill expands the boundaries of the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument in Colorado to include an additional 300 acres. The expanded boundary will further the monument’s paleontological research objectives and facilitate access for projects designed to decrease wildfire risk, a critical issue in this forested re-gion. During our subcommittee hearing on this bill, we heard that the expan-sion is broadly supported by the local community and a critical addition to a monument that was established, thanks to enormous public interest in preserving a unique natural treasure. The story of the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument is an excel-lent example of the importance of con-servation, and it is encouraging that we can work together in a bipartisan fashion to further this mission. I want to congratulate Representative L
AM-
BORN for his hard work. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to en-courage the Members to please support this wonderful bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.044 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1678 March 19, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Hawaii for her sup-port and great work in committee. This is something that has a lot of bi-partisan support. Mr. Speaker, I would ask all Mem-bers to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 835. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
AGREEMENT ON SOCIAL SECURITY BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE ORIENTAL REPUBLIC OF URUGUAY—MES-SAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–102) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to section 233(e)(1) of the Social Security Act, as amended by the Social Security Amendments of 1977 (Public Law 95–216, 42 U.S.C. 433(e)(1)), I transmit herewith a social security totalization agreement with Uruguay, titled ‘‘Agreement on Social Security between the United States of America and the Oriental Republic of Uruguay,’’ and the accompanying legally binding administrative arrangement, titled ‘‘Administrative Arrangement between the Competent Authorities of the United States of America and the Ori-ental Republic of Uruguay for the Im-plementation of the Agreement on So-cial Security between the United States of America and the Oriental Re-public of Uruguay’’ (collectively the ‘‘Agreements’’). The Agreements were signed at Montevideo, Uruguay, on January 10, 2017. The Agreements are similar in objec-tive and content to the social security totalization agreements already in force with most European Union coun-tries, Australia, Canada, Chile, Japan, Norway, the Republic of Korea, and Switzerland. Such bilateral agreements provide for limited coordination be-tween the United States and foreign so-cial security systems to eliminate dual social security coverage and taxation, and to help prevent the lost benefit protection that can occur when work-ers divide their careers between two countries. The Agreements contain all provi-sions mandated by section 233 of the Social Security Act and, pursuant to section 233(c)(4), other provisions which I deem appropriate to carry out the purposes of section 233. I also transmit for the information of the Congress a report required by sec-tion 233(e)(1) of the Social Security Act on the estimated number of individuals who will be affected by the Agreements and the Agreements’ estimated cost ef-fect. Also included are a summary of the main provisions and an annotated version of the Agreements with de-scriptions of each article. The Depart-ment of State and the Social Security Administration have recommended the Agreements to me. I commend to the Congress the Agreement on Social Security between the United States of America and the Oriental Republic of Uruguay and the Administrative Arrangement between the United States of America and the Oriental Republic of Uruguay for the Implementation of the Agreement on Social Security between the United States of America and the Oriental Re-public of Uruguay. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , March 19, 2018. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 43 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 835, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 4851, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
FLORISSANT FOSSIL BEDS NA-TIONAL MONUMENT MAP MODI-FICATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 835) to update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 385, nays 3, not voting 41, as follows: 
[Roll No. 115] YEAS—385 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.046 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1679 March 19, 2018 
McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—3 
Amash Biggs Massie 
NOT VOTING—41 
Beatty Black Blackburn Brady (PA) Butterfield Capuano Chu, Judy Cummings Davis, Danny Duncan (SC) Ellison Eshoo Farenthold Gomez Gosar Gutie´rrez Jackson Lee Jenkins (WV) Jones Katko Kelly (IL) King (NY) Labrador Lipinski Marchant Meeks Messer Mooney (WV) Moore Murphy (FL) Pelosi Pingree Poe (TX) Rice (NY) Richmond Rush Sires Thompson (CA) Tsongas Vargas Walz 
b1852 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN MEMORY OF THE LATE HONORABLE LOU-ISE M
CINTOSH SLAUGHTER The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask all present to rise for the purpose of a moment of silence. The Chair asks that the House now observe a moment of silence in mem-ory of the late Honorable L
OUISE  M
CINTOSH SLAUGHTER . KENNEDY-KING NATIONAL COMMEMORATIVE SITE ACT The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4851) to establish the Kennedy-King Na-tional Historic Site in the State of In-diana, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 391, nays 0, not voting 38, as follows: 
[Roll No. 116] YEAS—391 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—38 
Black Blackburn Brady (PA) Butterfield Capuano Chu, Judy Cummings Davis, Danny Duncan (SC) Eshoo Farenthold Gomez Gosar Gutie´rrez Issa Jenkins (WV) Jones Katko Kelly (IL) King (NY) Labrador Lipinski Marchant Messer Mooney (WV) Moore Murphy (FL) Pelosi Pingree Poe (TX) Rice (NY) Richmond Rush Sires Thompson (CA) Tsongas Vargas Walz 
b1902 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A Bill to establish the Kennedy-King National Commemora-tive Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.023 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1680 March 19, 2018 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4566, ALLEVIATING STRESS TEST BURDENS TO HELP INVES-TORS ACT; PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 5247, TRICKETT WENDLER, FRANK MONGIELLO, JORDAN M
CLINN, AND MATTHEW BELLINA RIGHT TO TRY ACT OF 2018; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–613) on the resolution (H. Res. 787) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4566) to amend the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act to provide relief to nonbanks from certain stress test requirements under such Act; pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5247) to authorize the use of eligi-ble investigational drugs by eligible patients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible ill-ness, and for other purposes; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE PROFOUND SOR-ROW OF THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES ON THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE LOUISE M
CINTOSH SLAUGHTER Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 788 Resolved, That the House has heard with profound sorrow of the death of the Honor-able Louise McIntosh Slaughter, a Rep-resentative from the State of New York. Resolved, That a committee of such Mem-bers of the House as the Speaker may des-ignate, together with such Members of the Senate as may be joined, be appointed to at-tend the funeral. Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House be authorized and directed to take such steps as may be necessary for carrying out the provisions of these resolutions and that the necessary expenses in connection therewith be paid out of applicable accounts of the House. Resolved, That the Clerk communicate these resolutions to the Senate and transmit a copy thereof to the family of the deceased. Resolved, That when the House adjourns today, it adjourn as a further mark of re-spect to the memory of the deceased. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE TO HONOR VICTIMS OF TRAGIC PEDES-TRIAN BRIDGE COLLAPSE AT FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNI-VERSITY (Mr. DIAZ-BALART asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I am joined here today by members of the Florida delegation to honor the victims of the tragic pedestrian bridge collapse at Florida International Uni-versity. Last week, a pedestrian bridge that was designed to protect students and other campus personnel and visitors from the traffic on one of our busiest thoroughfares collapsed, taking the lives of six innocent people and leaving others gravely injured. So many of us, particularly in south Florida, have a close and meaningful relationship with FIU, or Florida Inter-national University, and its students. This tragedy has hit our community exceedingly hard. We also know that, today, six grieving families are mourn-ing in the wake of this horrific event. Mr. Speaker, I know I speak on be-half of my colleagues when I say we are truly heartbroken after Thursday’s horrendous bridge collapse. We are thinking of the victims, those injured, and are mourning with their families during this very difficult time. This Florida delegation, Mr. Speaker, and this Congress, will leave no stone unturned to ensure something like this never happens again anywhere in our great country. Alexa Duran; Navaro Brown; Brandon Brownfield; Rolando Fraga-Hernandez; Osvaldo Gonzalez; and, Alberto Arias. We will never, ever forget them. We will remember them and grieve the lives cut short by this tragedy. Mr. Speaker, may their legacy live on with all of us, with our community, and in the hearts of their loved ones. Mr. Speaker, I would respectfully ask that the House observe a moment of si-lence in honor of these victims. f 
CONGRATULATING YOUNGSVILLE HIGH SCHOOL ON WINNING IRISH BAND COMPETITION (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late the Youngsville High School Marching Band for winning the 48th annual Limerick International Band Championship in Ireland. The Youngsville Marching Eagles stole the show as they were crowned the overall winners in the band com-petition. The Warren County students braved blizzard-like conditions to bring home the top prize. Snow was piled high on umbrellas, hats; and even big brass instruments were coated in snow-flakes. But the weather couldn’t dampen the spirits of the musicians or the spectators. Spirits are also flying high for the proud parents, friends, and supporters in Youngsville, Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, the Youngsville March-ing Eagles worked hard to fundraise to make this international trip possible. For many, it was the first time they traveled outside the Commonwealth, let alone the country. The band also performed in Dublin at the St. Pat-rick’s Festival Parade, where they were named ‘‘Best Small Band.’’ These Youngsville teens really daz-zled the crowd, and I am so proud of their incredible international achieve-ment. Congratulations to the band and Band Director Cindy Scheid. f 
REMEMBERING DR. STEPHEN HAWKING (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of Dr. Stephen Hawking, who passed away last week at the age of 76. Stephen Hawking was a brilliant stu-dent of the universe, a giant of the world stage, an inspiration to me per-sonally and to us all. Through his dis-coveries about black holes and quan-tum mechanics, Professor Hawking challenged humankind to ponder the mysteries of the cosmos. He was curi-osity personified, having once re-marked: ‘‘My goal is simple. It is a complete understanding of the uni-verse, why it is as it is and why it ex-ists at all.’’ Yet Professor Hawking, who was di-agnosed with ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease, at the age of 21, also personified the unconquerable human spirit. He took on the challenges of his disability with unparalleled tenacity and a trademark sense of humor, all the while reminding us ‘‘to look up at the stars and not down at your feet.’’ Mr. Speaker, in short, he was a force of nature. He made a difference. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained on the vote on H.R. 835. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STAFF SERGEANT CARL PHILIPPE ENIS (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it is with deep respect that I recognize the tragic loss of Staff Sergeant Carl Philippe Enis, pictured here, who was one of seven brave U.S. servicemem-bers killed in a helicopter crash last Thursday, March 15, 2018, in western Iraq. Carl, a south Florida native who grew up in my congressional district in Pinecrest, was an Air Force pararescueman serving in a combat role in Iraq for the 308th Rescue Squad-ron from Patrick Air Force Base sup-porting Operation Inherent Resolve when his helicopter went down. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.053 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1681 March 19, 2018 
Sergeant Enis was a Reserve Citizen Airman combat rescue and recovery specialist who supported Air Force spe-cial operations. His job truly embodied his heart and spirit, where he consist-ently put his own life at risk to save others both in combat and humani-tarian environments. He always tack-led every challenge with a smile on his face, no matter the danger or dif-ficulty. Carl was also an active outdoorsman who embraced his passion for fishing, hiking, hunting, and scuba diving, and lived his life to the fullest. He was a graduate of Gulliver Prep, in my con-gressional district, and Florida State University. Carl is survived by his wife, Angela; his mother, Colleen; and his brother, Edward. Their families, our commu-nity, and all Americans can be proud knowing that Sergeant Enis gave his last full measure performing his mis-sion and serving the most noble pararescue creed: ‘‘These things we do, that others may live.’’ 
f 
b1915 NEWARK COMMUNITY SOLUTIONS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Newark Community Solutions for its continued work on re-ducing crime and strengthening con-nections between courts and the com-munity. Newark Community Solutions works with young people who are at risk of being victims or perpetrators of gun vi-olence. They provide job training, counseling, and peer mentorship. The organization also develops support net-works for crime victims and provides mental health counseling for veterans and schoolchildren to avoid expulsion. Mr. Speaker, Newark Community So-lutions produces real results, and they are felt throughout Essex County. In cities throughout my district, we are seeing safer streets, reduced incarcer-ation, and improved neighborhood per-ceptions of justice. The program at Newark Community Solutions can be a model for cities throughout the country. Newark Com-munity Solutions shows that, by in-vesting in the community, we can build a foundation for sensible and thought-ful criminal justice reform. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO BLOOM-INGTON CHEERLEADING CHAM-PIONS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate the Bloom-ington Jefferson High School cheer-leaders for their national championship victory. This season the team looked to replicate their historic success, hav-ing won five State titles and two na-tional championships in just the past five seasons. The team qualified for the national championship at the Universal Cheer-leaders Association Ten Thousand Lakes Regional competition back in October, and in February, they made the trip down to the 2018 UCA National High School Cheerleading Champion-ship in Orlando, Florida. At the national championship, they competed against 28 other teams from across the country. They placed first in the preliminary rounds and then ad-vanced to the final round. In the final round, they were able to best seven other teams and emerged with their third national title in 5 years. Mr. Speaker, the consistent hard work and skills of these student ath-letes is impressive, and it is a credit to their dedication, their perseverance, their coaches, and all of the families that offered them support. Congratulations again to Bloom-ington Jefferson on their national championship. Go Jaguars. f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the University of Houston men’s bas-ketball team on their remarkable per-formance in the 2018 NCAA Tour-nament. The Cougars entered the tournament as the number six seed from the Amer-ican Athletic Conference, led by the 2018 AAC Coach of the Year Kelvin Sampson. This was the Cougars’ first NCAA tournament appearance since 2010, and their spectacular win in the first round against San Diego State was the Cougars’ first NCAA Tour-nament win since 1984. Their loss against Michigan in the second round was hard fought and truly a heart-breaker. As an alumnus of the University of Houston and on behalf of the city and the fans, we are proud at what they ac-complished this season. I wish the team the best of luck for next season. I would also like to give special con-gratulations to seniors Devin Davis, Wes VanBeck, Nura Zanna, and Rob Gray for an exciting season. Go Cougars. 
f 
HAPPY 110TH BIRTHDAY TO GOLDIE SMALL (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a distinguished con-stituent from my district named Goldie Small from Binghamton, New York. Goldie currently resides at the Good Shepherd Fairview Home in Bing-hamton, where she will turn 110 years old on April 1. Goldie was born in Paris, New York— on Paris Hill as we call it—on April 1, 1908, and lived there until 1940, when she moved to New Milford, Pennsyl-vania. As a child, Goldie went to a one-room schoolhouse until she attended high school in Waterville, New York. In order to get to and from the schoolbus, she either had to hitch a ride, walk 1 mile to catch a train, or use a horse and carriage to travel all the way to Waterville. After high school, Goldie went to school in Rochester, New York, to the famous Eastman School to become a dental hygienist. Shortly after, the De-pression hit and very few people could afford the luxury of dental care, so she went back to school to become a sec-retary. After getting married and moving to Pennsylvania, Goldie had two children, Glenn and Marion. Goldie has an amazing memory, never forgetting any of the birthdays of her six grandchildren and, now, nine great-grandchildren. To this day, she continues to play bridge and other card games as well as completing the daily crossword puzzle in the newspaper. Mr. Speaker, I ask to have everyone join me in wishing Goldie a very happy 110 years. She is an inspiration to all of us on a long, clean life. f 
FIRING OF ANDREW M CCABE (Mr. POCAN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, last Fri-day, President Trump had Andrew McCabe, the Deputy Director of the FBI, fired. His offense? Well, he is about to be a witness in the Mueller investigation and had copi-ous notes about his conversations with the President. What better way to nul-lify damning testimony than to fire the person about to give it, all while sig-naling to anyone else the consequences of crossing the President. But it is worse than just that. The President fired Andrew McCabe in a way completely devoid of human de-cency: 2 days before his full retirement. The message to McCabe and anyone else who would cross him was: I won’t just go after you, but your family and your future, too. I will destroy you. Like a thug in a mafia movie, Trump made his move. Fortunately, the Founders of this country made sure we had checks and balances in the system to avoid this dangerous style of gov-erning. I and others have offered Andrew McCabe, a 21-year law enforcement professional in the FBI, a job to ensure he will be able to get his hard-earned pension. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.055 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1682 March 19, 2018 
No one should fear harm to their family, their pension, their future by a petulant man-child or a ruthless dema-gogue, depending on the mood of the day. I stand with you, Andrew McCabe, and so do the American people. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana). Members are re-minded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HERITAGE UNIVER-SITY FOUNDERS DURING WOM-EN’S HISTORY MONTH (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, in rec-ognition of Women’s History Month, I want to honor three incredible women who have had an enormous impact on central Washington State: Martha Yallup, Violet Lumley Rau, and Sister Kathleen Ross, who founded what would become Heritage University in 1982. With a vision to create a commu-nity and inspire others to serve, they brought education to the underserved populations of the Yakima Valley. Today, Heritage University has grown immensely and now offers more than 50 undergraduate and graduate majors. The high-quality education and inclusive environment has led to over 9,500 graduated students who will con-tinue to grow their legacy. Martha, Violet, and Sister Kathleen saw an opportunity to have an impact on the lives of their friends and neigh-bors, and it is safe to say they exceeded their goal. Their perseverance, ambition, and service to the community are an inspi-ration for all of us in central Wash-ington, and it is a privilege and honor to serve them during Women’s History Month. 
f 
BENEFITS OF ONSITE CHILDCARE (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, study after study has shown that employers and employees find that on-site childcare provides the greatest value of any employer-provided childcare option. Despite this, only 11 percent of all private sector workers in the U.S. receive childcare assistance through their employers. Of that 11 percent, only 7 percent have access to childcare at or near their place of work. As childcare costs dramatically in-crease each year relative to family in-come, the time has come for new ap-proaches that provide affordability and flexibility for working families and in-creased productivity for businesses. Onsite childcare accomplishes this and has been repeatedly shown to reduce absenteeism and increase staff reten-tion. That is why I am introducing the Child Care At Responsible Employers Act this week: to incentivize employer investment in onsite childcare by pro-viding a small preference in govern-ment contracting to those who do so. With childcare costs rising, we can’t afford not to act, and onsite childcare helps both businesses and families. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO HOUSTON’S SUGAR LAND METHODIST HOS-PITAL (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, President Lincoln used the term ‘‘four score and 7 years ago’’ at Gettysburg. If Presi-dent Lincoln reappeared today, he might say: One score and zero years ago, a new Houston hospital, Houston Methodist, was brought forth in Sugar Land, Texas, a new hospital, conceived in medicine, and dedicated to the prop-osition that all Texans have the best care. Seven thousand patients in 1998 be-came 225,000 in 2017. Over the 20-year score, Houston’s Methodist Sugar Land Hospital scored numerous awards, like the best metro area hospital from For-tune magazine. There is a very simple reason for this amazing success, I CARE values: I, in-tegrity; C, compassion; A, account-ability; R, respect; E, excellence. As CEO Chris Siebenaler said in a re-cent interview in the Fort Bend Focus: ‘‘Houston Methodist Sugar Land is committed to cultivate a safe, spir-itual, and healing environment for every single patient.’’ Congratulations on 20 amazing years, 20 more to come. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF JENNIFER IRVINE (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Jennifer Irvine. She attended the Route 91 fes-tival in Las Vegas on October 1. Jennifer Irvine devoted her life and career to defending people in family court and criminal court. She opened her own law firm in downtown San Diego, California, where she worked tirelessly to defend each of her clients. In her free time, Jennifer loved snowboarding, hot yoga, cats, and sail-ing. She had even earned a black belt in tae kwon do. She hoped to one day learn indoor rock climbing and to later experience skydiving. Jennifer is remembered by all those who knew her as loyal, fierce, and pas-sionate. She had a genuine devotion for helping people and was always driven to be her best self. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Jennifer Irvine’s family and friends. Please note that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF THOMAS RUSSO (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Thomas Russo. Tom was born in New Orleans and grew up in Louisiana, where he re-ceived a degree in broadcast journalism from LSU. I got to know Tom in his role as as-signment manager at the WPMI tele-vision station in Mobile, Alabama. Tom was a consummate professional, always with a smile on his face and a contagious positivity about himself. In all of my experiences, Tom was a true joy to work with. Tragically, Tom passed away, unex-pectedly, on March 3 at the young age of 56. To Tom’s wife, Kristine, and his chil-dren, Ryan and Nick, please know that Tom helped make southwest Alabama and the world a better and happier place. His legacy will live on in each of you. 
f 
b1930 CALLING FOR JUDICIARY COMMITTEE HEARINGS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, so many of us, when we go home, get the question of what is going on in Wash-ington and why this behavior con-tinues. I think it is important for the Amer-ican people to know that we have the responsibility of oversight. And I be-lieve, as a senior member on the Judi-ciary Committee, that we need to ad-dress the question of the firing of An-drew McCabe. We understand there may be a report, the IG report. I don’t challenge it, but it has not been ren-dered or made public. The precipitous and heinous, unfair firing, in the man-ner that it was done—I think that our Nation is better than that. I believe it is important for the Judiciary Com-mittee to hold hearings. And we should also hold hearings on the Cambridge situation. As a member of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection Subcommittee for Home-land Security, Judiciary should hold and find out why the private informa-tion of millions of Americans through Facebook has been utilized to skew the election of 2016. No, I am not com-plaining, Mr. Speaker, about the re-sults. What I am saying: The American people are owed a fair and just elec-tion, and the responsible people are the Members of the United States Congress to determine how their private infor-mation has been skewed and used and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.057 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1683 March 19, 2018 
is still being used without their per-mission. It is time for us to exercise our over-sight, Mr. Speaker. Let’s do it now. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE GIRLS AND BOYS BASKETBALL TEAMS OF GRANDVIEW HIGH SCHOOL ON THEIR 5A STATE CHAMPIONSHIP TITLES (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate both the Grand-view High School boys and girls bas-ketball teams. These two teams from Grandview High School are now Colo-rado’s 5A school basketball champions. The Grandview Wolves’ boys team tri-umphed over George Washington High School from Denver by a score of 57 to 52. The girls team prevailed over Regis Jesuit High School by a score of 67 to 61. The Grandview boys basketball team had a spectacular season, finishing the season with an impressive 24–4 record. And the culmination of its season was the first ever boys basketball State championship title. The Grandview girls basketball team also had a tre-mendous season, finishing with an equally impressive 23–3 record. And the culmination of its season was the sec-ond consecutive girls basketball State championship title. The teams were led to their respec-tive championship titles by their coaches: Josh Ulitzky for the girls team and Michael Rogers for the boys team. I also commend these two coach-es, their coaching staffs, and their sup-porters at Grandview High School for all they have contributed to the suc-cess of the school’s boys and girls bas-ketball programs. Again, congratulations to Grandview High School girls and boys basketball teams on this impressive victory in Colorado’s 5A State championship. 
f 
MCCABE FIRING (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, our law enforcement and intelligence commu-nity—most notably, the FBI—is sus-taining an unprecedented, coordinated attack led by the President of the United States. No one is above the law in our country, including the Presi-dent. FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a 20- year veteran of the FBI, is the latest to fall to this concentrated effort to un-dermine Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into the Trump campaign’s entanglements with Russia during the 2016 Presidential election. Incidentally, former FBI Director Mueller has served our Nation for 36 years: as a soldier in the U.S. Navy with a Purple Heart; as a U.S. attor-ney; and also as FBI Director, includ-ing after 9/11 when he oversaw the transformation of the FBI from a do-mestic law enforcement agency into a global counterterrorism and counter-intelligence agency. Wow. This administration is making every effort to degrade our Federal law en-forcement institutions and, even more insidiously, by a negative media cam-paign to erode public faith in these in-stitutions. Let truth will out. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
REMEMBERING THE HONORABLE LOUISE SLAUGHTER (Mr. REED asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to stand with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, as well as those on our side, in recognition of a life well done; that is, the passing of our colleague L
OUISE SLAUGHTER . To me, tonight, it is something we should take a moment to reflect upon and rec-ognize: her life, her commitment to this body. Having served with her on the Rules Committee, I can personally attest, being a fellow New Yorker, that we shared a commitment to our home areas; that we always brought the pas-sion of our beliefs, both on the left and the right, into the room; but at the end of the day, L
OUISE SLAUGHTER rep-resented us well, in the sense of how she represented and carried herself in this Chamber as she represented her people, her folks back home in Roch-ester, New York. And I am proud to call her and re-member her this evening as a Member of this body and her service to all of us. She was a Southern lady at heart, had a good wit, and she will be missed by many Members, if not all Members, on both sides of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING JOCELYNE AND MONIQUE LAMOUREUX OF THE U.S. WOMEN’S OLYMPIC HOCKEY TEAM (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, as we ob-serve Women’s History Month and con-tinue celebrating the historic Olympic Gold Medal won by the U.S. women’s hockey team, I rise to recognize two remarkable sisters from Grand Forks. Jocelyne and Monique Lamoureux grew up in one of North Dakota’s pre-mier hockey families. These sisters have played together since they were teenagers and were standouts at the University of North Dakota. The first set of twins to play women’s ice hock-ey in the Olympics, they brought home silver medals in 2010 and 2014. In last month’s championship game against Canada, they helped make this win golden: Monique’s goal tied the game, and Jocelyne flawlessly executed the game-winning shootout goal. Since returning home, they have joined Team USA in appearances across the Nation, inspiring a new gen-eration of women athletes. A cheering crowd filled the Engelstad Hockey Arena in Grand Forks, many of them young girls and women on area hockey teams who came to congratulate their hometown champions who brought the U.S. women’s hockey team their first Olympic Gold Medal. On behalf of all North Dakotans, I sa-lute Jocelyne and Monique. You have set a high bar for women athletes across the Nation, and North Dakota honors your excellence. f 
RECOGNIZING FARMERS ON NATIONAL AGRICULTURE DAY (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, this National Agriculture Week, I rise to recognize the hardworking farmers across this great Nation who get up every day and, by the sweat of their brow, grow the food we eat. The dis-trict I represent in west Texas is home to 14 million acres of farmland, making it one of the largest agriculture pro-duction regions in the world. Our farm-ers and ranchers feed and clothe the American people and help fuel the American economy. Agriculture contributes to 20-plus million jobs, and it is our country’s number one export. But, more impor-tantly, it provides a safe, affordable, and abundant supply of food for our citizens, which has tremendous na-tional security implications. We can never put ourselves in a position where we depend on other countries for our food. That is not a vision for a safe, strong, and free America. When we sit down with our families to eat dinner this week, let’s remember to thank God for our food and for the farmers he uses to help make it. Mr. Speaker, these folks work hard and take enormous risks so this country can maintain its greatness so that America can continue to be the most powerful, the most prosperous, and the most generous country in the history of the world. God bless our farmers. God bless America. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO VENEZUELA—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–103) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.060 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1684 March 19, 2018 
and the Committee on Financial Serv-ices and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), I hereby report that I have signed an Executive Order with respect to Venezuela that takes additional steps with respect to the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015, and relied upon for additional steps taken in Ex-ecutive Order 13808 of August 24, 2017. The Executive Order prohibits, as of its effective date, all transactions related to, provision of financing for, and other dealings in, by a United States person or within the United States, any dig-ital currency, digital coin, or digital token, that was issued by, for, or on be-half of the Government of Venezuela on or after January 9, 2018. I have authorized the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to take such ac-tions, including promulgating rules and regulations and to employ all pow-ers granted to the President by IEEPA as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of the Executive Order. I am enclosing a copy of the Execu-tive Order I have issued. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , March 19, 2018. 
f 
POSITIVE IMPACTS OF TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is helping folks around the United States and throughout the Third District of Georgia. In fact, over 400 major companies across our great Nation have an-nounced bonuses, pay raises, and new investments in their businesses and communities that will offer benefits to over 4 million Americans. I am thrilled that a number of great Georgia compa-nies are included in this; such as, Co-lumbus, Georgia-based, Aflac and Total Systems Services; as well as companies like Home Depot, Carl Black, Yancey Bros., Cox Enterprises, SunTrust, and United Parcel Service, just to name a few. These are all major companies in my home State of Georgia that are making investments in their people and their industries so that they can better serve their customers, and it is paying big dividends. It is always exciting to hear about these announcements from major em-ployers around the State, but the bene-fits of tax reform are not just felt by employees at major corporations, they are being felt by the job creators here on Main Street and right here in Geor-gia’s Third District. Two that I will highlight at some point tonight will be Shred-X in Griffin, Georgia, and Cus-tom Truck and Body Works in Woodbury. Both of these businesses are expanding and hiring more workers, and this is a great story for the State of Georgia and the Third District. We are awfully proud of them. The positive impacts of tax reform have been felt by millions more Ameri-cans just this month as the updated withholding tables took effect. As em-ployers implemented these tables, Americans across the country have seen these tax cuts reflected in bigger paychecks. This means keeping more of your hard-earned money to spend as you see fit. I have long said that Amer-icans know how to spend their hard- earned money far better than the bu-reaucrats here in Washington. I look forward to seeing how our economy continues to improve. Mr. Speaker, our next speaker is my good friend PAULMITCHELL . Represent-ative M
ITCHELL has become a dear friend and does a wonderful job of rep-resenting Michigan’s 10th District. I want to thank him for setting up these Special Orders to tell the truth about tax reform and how it is helping Amer-icans. In Mr. M
ITCHELL ’s district, people who are making the median household income will see a tax cut of just over $1,500. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from West Point, Georgia, and I want to also thank the Georgia and Alabama dele-gations’ Members who, as part of the Tax Truth Squad, have come here to-night to share examples of the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on their districts. The last major tax reform was con-ducted 31 years ago. I believe many people, many businesspeople and work-ers, had simply given up on the idea that we would actually achieve what we achieved at the end of last year. In less than three months since the tax reform bill passed, as my colleague said, more than 440 companies have given a pay raise, bonuses, increased 401(k) contributions, or, in the case of utility companies, lowered their rates dramatically. In Michigan, rates will be lowered this year by $400 million. This number of 440 doesn’t even in-clude small mom-and-pop businesses on Main Street. At least 4 million Ameri-cans are receiving special tax reform bonuses, announced already this year, in 3 months. The direct bonus an-nouncements have already passed $4 billion. Small-business owners are showing unparalleled confidence in the economy as the optimism index reached record high numbers in Feb-ruary according to the NFIB Small Business Economic Trend Survey. Let me say that again: record high num-bers, all as a result of what we achieved at the end of the year. This optimism in economic strength is reflected in data recently released. Last month, the United States econ-omy created 313,000 new jobs. b1945 More importantly, 800 million people reentered the labor force who weren’t trying to go to work. The unemploy-ment rate remained the same at 4.1 percent, what most people call full em-ployment. Equally important, wage growth over last year increased 2.6 per-cent; 2.6 percent already in terms of wage growth. These are good things for Americans, for wage earners; and, as my colleague said, even more importantly, a good thing because they keep money in the pockets of workers and families to make decisions on what to do with their hard-earned money rather than depend on those of us here, frankly, in Congress or, worse, bureaucrats, to spend it for them. Mr. Speaker, I thank all the Members of Georgia and Alabama as part of the Tax Truth Squad to put their stories forward tonight. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned before, one of the most im-portant and recognizable companies in the Third District of Georgia is Aflac. Aflac was one of the first companies to announce benefits to its employees. Shortly after Christmas, Aflac an-nounced that they would increase their investments by $250 million in the U.S., increase the company’s 401(k) match for employees, and make a one-time contribution of $500 to each employee’s account. This is a long-term invest-ment in Aflac’s employees and into the United States economy. Our new Tax Code helps companies like Aflac to re-invest in their workers and their com-munities. Mr. Speaker, my next speaker is Mr. P
ALMER , who represents the Sixth Dis-trict of Alabama. Households earning the district’s median income would see a tax break of $1,534. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALM-
ER). Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for set-ting this up, and I thank the gen-tleman from Georgia for leading it. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the impact that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is having in Alabama’s Sixth Con-gressional District. Millions of Americans across the country are now reaping the benefits of tax reform in the form of higher pay-checks, and my district is no excep-tion. I would like to give just a few ex-amples of how my constituents are using the additional money to benefit their families. One woman from Mountain Brook noted that her employer was paying out bonuses of $1,000 as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and that she will deposit that money in her health savings account. Another woman from Trussville talked about how the savings would help with tuition payments for her two college-age daughters. The ability to help with tuition payments was a com-mon theme among my constituents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.062 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1685 March 19, 2018 
Another gentleman from Bir-mingham noted that his family used their larger paychecks to help pay for college and have placed additional money in savings. A man from Hoover shared that he was able to make additional payments toward his mortgage principal, in-crease the amount he was contributing to his 401(k), and was able to take his wife out to dinner and a movie. It seems the Tax Cuts and Jobs Acts may be having an additional benefit for marriages in a way we hadn’t consid-ered. Finally, another gentleman from my district noted, and I would like to quote him here: ‘‘We now have an addi-tional $250 a month thanks to the tax plan. We love the crumbs.’’ That was the same message I got from a lady in our church who received a $1,000 bonus from her company. These are just a few of the numerous examples of the individuals and fami-lies in my district that continue to benefit from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. But the benefits don’t stop there. Regions Bank, which is headquartered in Birmingham, re-cently announced that they would be making a range of investments as a re-sult of the tax cuts, including raising the minimum hourly wage in their branches to $15 per hour, and that is without a government mandate. They are also contributing $40 million to the company’s charitable foundation and increasing their capital expenditures budget by $100 million in 2018. It is not just the big companies that are doing this. Smaller businesses are getting in on the act as well. One small business in my district, Wadsworth Oil, sent a note along with their employees’ paycheck letting them know that, as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, they would be get-ting cumulatively $22,000 in bonuses. Despite fierce opposition from those who wanted to maintain the broken status quo, Republicans in both Houses of Congress were able to deliver a sig-nificant win for the American people. Going forward, we must maintain this momentum and continue to enact policies that strengthen our economy, create jobs, and increase the pay and benefits for American workers. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, as I said early on, we are seeing tremen-dous growth in businesses both large and small. Previously I highlighted a great American company, Aflac, but an example of a small company that is seeing the benefits of tax reform is a company called Shred-X in Griffin, Georgia. Shred-X is a small business offering paper shredding and recycling services to approximately 3,000 clients through-out Atlanta and central Georgia, and they are using their tax savings to in-vest in their business. They are plan-ning on buying a new truck and hiring a potential employee. Now, for a company like Shred-X, that is a true small business that em-ploys ten people, the addition of one truck and another employee makes a big difference. Shred-X owner Cade Joiner told me: ‘‘This is just one prac-tical example of how tax reform is helping us here on Main Street.’’ It is really exciting to see our small- business owners really beginning to see the benefits of tax reform and begin-ning to see the benefits with their em-ployees as well. Mr. Speaker, my next guest is Mr. Buddy Carter. Representative C
ARTER  has been an outspoken advocate for the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. He represents a district where the me-dian household income in the First Dis-trict of Georgia will see an average savings of $1,220. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also thank him for his leadership in this area and for putting this together tonight. This is an important message that all Americans should hear and that all Americans will share in. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the benefits already impacting the First Congressional District of Georgia since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law. A few weeks ago, I traveled the dis-trict and visited with businesses, with students, and with senior citizens to discuss how tax reform is helping them. Nine Line Apparel, a business in Sa-vannah, told me that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act allows them to give more to their employees, a small difference helping their employees to take vaca-tions, buy Christmas presents for their children, and make it easier to provide for their families. Lee Container Company in Homerville, which I visited a couple of weeks ago, said the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will enable them to purchase more equipment and grow their business. I also had the opportunity, Mr. Speaker, to visit with students at Sa-vannah State University. I shared my excitement that, for upcoming grad-uates, job creation from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will generate high de-mand for employees, increasing wages and making the job search easier than it has been in years past. Needless to say, they were excited to hear this good news. Mr. Speaker, the results from my trips around the district were encour-aging, and I am proud we could pass tax reform benefiting all income levels, American businesses, and our whole economy. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will truly go down as some of the most sig-nificant tax reform this country has ever seen. It is certainly the most sig-nificant tax reform in the last 30 years. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will put money in people’s pockets, will stimu-late our economy, will create jobs. It is good for our economy and good for our country. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, as we go through tonight and begin to high-light some of the benefits of tax re-form, we have talked a lot about a large business such as Aflac, a small business such as Shred-X, but this is having an effect on individual families as well. I have heard from people all over Georgia’s Third District who are tell-ing me that it is having an impact in their paychecks, and that is helping their families. Robert from Thomaston wrote in to my office to say that he had checked his check, and he had more money in his retiree account statement on his military pension because of tax reform, and this is helping him meet his monthly financial goals. Erin from LaGrange told me that she has $132 more in each paycheck. She said, while it may not seem like a lot to some, it is her money and every lit-tle bit helps. These are just two of the millions of Americans who are seeing larger pay-checks because of comprehensive tax reform. Mr. Speaker, if anyone is not sure if tax reform is helping them, I want to encourage them to check their check, see how much more money they are saving each and every month. Mr. Speaker, my next guest is the distinguished gentleman from Geor-gia’s 12th District, Mr. R
ICKALLEN . Mr. A
LLEN represents a very broad swath of the eastern part of our State. The me-dian income family in his district will receive a tax savings of $875 a year thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Augusta, Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I think the gentleman for doing this tonight and for giving me the opportunity just to give you some news from the other side of the State. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the significant impact that comprehen-sive tax reform has had on Georgia’s 12th District. As a businessman, I bring a different perspective to the Halls of Congress. During my tenure in Congress, I have been focused on three goals: grow the economy, get folks back to work, and reduce the size and scope of the Federal Government. Like me, President Trump is a busi-nessman; and under his leadership, we are getting our economy back on track. Nothing can compare to the ef-fect that tax reform is having on jump- starting our economy and expanding small businesses and creating jobs. Over the past few months, I have had the opportunity to meet with several small businesses as I have traveled across Georgia 12 to discuss how tax re-form is making real changes for them and their employees. I would like to share the story of Georgia Tire Company, a 72-year-old business located in Vidalia, Georgia. In 1946, two brothers, after World War II, decided to buy a small gas station. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.064 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1686 March 19, 2018 
One of their sons, Rusty, began work-ing alongside his father and uncle dur-ing the summer of 1965, and then began working full time at the family busi-ness in 1972, with a third generation of workers not far behind. Now they are known as a reputable business selling tires across the district and providing automotive repairs in Toombs County. The Moses family has built their business through hard work; treating customers fairly; a little bit of luck; and, most importantly, through their employees, who are treated like part of their family. When I had the opportunity to speak with Rusty Moses about the success of his family business, he told me that his employees are hardworking, honest, law-abiding people, but high taxes and complex laws continued to stifle their income. Mr. Moses promised his em-ployees that if the tax laws were changed, they would share in the busi-ness tax savings through performance bonuses and salary increases. Thanks to tax reform, this promise has become a reality. Georgia Tire Company has seen an increase in take-home pay, and it plans to issue employee bonuses at the end of this fiscal year. There are so many family businesses like Georgia Tire Company that are truly the lifeblood of our communities. Before tax reform, these businesses were struggling to make ends meet and unable to provide their employees with well-earned benefits. Don’t just take my word for it. There are more than 4 million Americans who have already seen the positive impacts of tax reform, just like at this tire company. With Congress and the President working hand-in-hand, we have made great strides. I can’t tell you how happy I am to see our local businesses thriving in the new American econ-omy, growing this economy, and giving all Americans the opportunity to have a good job. Mr. Speaker, I thank my fellow col-leagues and President Trump for their support of comprehensive tax reform for all Americans. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for those great words. As I mentioned earlier, another great company in the Third District of Geor-gia is a company called Total System Services, as we refer to it, TSYS. Right in Columbus, Georgia, TSYS is a major credit card processor and em-ploys thousands of people in our area. Because of tax reform, they were able to give their employees a bonus, and, just as importantly, they have been able to invest in their business to grow at a more profitable rate and continue to return the benefits to the commu-nity. I have heard a lot of folks talk about tax reform being just crumbs, but to middle class Americans in my district, if you talk about crumbs, it is not about tax reform. Tax reform is making a difference in middle American lives every single day. It is helping families make their ends meet—they are going on the vaca-tion that they have worked so hard for—or to invest in their home. These tax cuts are making a dif-ference. Companies like TSYS, that are returning these benefits to their em-ployees and making investments in their business, are continuing to do their part to make this Nation the most competitive place in the world to do business. Mr. Speaker, I now call on my col-league from Georgia, Representative L
OUDERMILK . Representative L
OUDERMILK represents Georgia’s 11th District. The median household income in his district will see an average sav-ings of $1,780. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). b2000 Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I especially thank my good colleague and friend from West Point, Georgia, for managing this hour so that we can share, really, the excitement that we are seeing back home for what adding a little bit of money in the people’s pay-check is doing. Mr. Speaker, I have often con-templated what transformed America from an enthusiastic ragtag rabble that had this idea of freedom into the strongest economy, the freest Nation, and the strongest military in the en-tire world? The reality of that is the freedom that this government and the rights that were given by God that we protect has given to the American people. When you think about the innovation that has come from America, innova-tion that has changed the face of the world, most of it came from here be-cause of the freedom that we have. Now, if you go right down the road here to the Smithsonian’s Air and Space Museum, you will see a testa-ment to that freedom in that building where two bicycle mechanics from Ohio were able to accomplish to what, for centuries, scientists and engineers couldn’t accomplish, because they had the freedom. We have taught our children in this Nation to dream big. In America, you can accomplish anything that you want to dream. But in the past couple of decades, we have squelched the dreams of these kids because, as we have put out the fire that we tell them they can have in America, we are quenching that fire with wet blankets of bureaucracy and obstacles. But I want to share with you a story from back home. It was a letter I re-ceived from a young man, a 14-year-old, thanking me for the tax reform bill, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which put more money in the back pocket of his parents. You see, he had a dream. He dreamed of being a pilot. He wanted to be a pilot. But I can tell you, as a pilot my-self, that is a difficult thing to accom-plish. Not only is the training difficult, but it can be very expensive. But he wrote me this letter thanking me. Because of the bonus that his dad received from his company because of the corporate tax cut, and the money that they are going to save because of the individual tax cuts, his parents are using that money to ensure that he gets flight lessons at 14 years old. He is accomplishing a dream because we re-moved government out of the way. And one thing, quite frankly, is we need airline pilots. Up here, we start looking at what government programs we can put in or incentives to get peo-ple to fly, when all we have got to do is get out of the way and let our children, once again, dream big. That is all that we are doing, is getting us out of way. When you look at Georgia, the re-sults have been astounding. Even Home Depot, which is headquartered in my district, is investing $50 million to train 20,000 tradespeople to fill the gap. With this closing, Mr. Speaker, let me bring up that the number of jobs that we have available in this Nation is about equivalent to the number of peo-ple we have unemployed. We need to continue to get out of the way. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia’s 11th District. The gentleman is right, if we get the Federal Government out of the way, great things happen. As I mentioned earlier, another small company that is now doing big things as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is Custom Truck & Body Works in Woodbury, Georgia. This small com-pany creates specialty vehicles for first responders. They had been hoping to grow their business, but they felt ham-pered by a burdensome Tax Code. After tax reform passed, they were finally able to move on with a building expan-sion, able to hire new workers, and give their current employees additional benefits. I got to see the impact on this busi-ness firsthand on a recent visit to their facility in Woodbury, Georgia. Every-one was excited about the company’s growth, and it really brought home, for me, the difference the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was already making in the Third District of Georgia. Next is my colleague from Alabama, Congressman M
IKEROGERS . Congress-man R
OGERS represents Alabama’s Third District. We are neighbors along the Georgia- Alabama line, and the me-dian family household in his district will see a tax cut of almost $1,000. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ). Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my friend and colleague from Georgia for leading this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is having in east Alabama and across America. After working under an outdated Tax Code for over 30 years, businesses and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.065 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1687 March 19, 2018 
families from the Third District of Ala-bama and the entire country are feel-ing some relief. From bigger paychecks to bonuses and raises, many companies in the U.S. have already distributed over $4 billion in bonuses. In my district, Russell Lands in Alex-ander City distributed $500 bonuses to each of their 500 employees as a direct result of the tax overhaul. Three companies in Columbus, Geor-gia, which is right across the State line from my district, have already re-warded their employees because of tax reform, including, as you have heard earlier, Aflac, Synovus Financial, and Total System Services. This is putting more money back in the pockets of some of my constituents right across the State line in Russell County. Regions Bank and Protective Life in Birmingham, Alabama; Cogent Build-ing Group in Point Clear, Alabama; Overseas Hardwoods in Stockton, Ala-bama; and DTI and Xante in Mobile are other companies across our great State that have been giving bonuses to their employees. I am proud of Ben Russell of Russell Lands and the other companies I men-tioned leading the way on this impor-tant front. Because of the tax reform, over 4 mil-lion workers have already received a bonus or a pay increase across our great country. These bigger paychecks and bonuses can help families save for their kids’ school or help pay for a new household appliance. It helps with making a car payment or paying off student debt. This extra money represents oppor-tunity. At a time when every penny counts, I am proud to see tax reform is giving hardworking Americans more money to take home to their families. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama for his remarks and for taking the oppor-tunity to share some of the great things that are happening just across the State line to our neighbors. Mr. Speaker, one of the reasons that tax reform was so important to me, and one of the things that I cam-paigned so hard for is growing up in a community where we lost our manufac-turing backbone, where we lost our job base. We saw families just begin to lose ev-erything. They began to lose their homes, their cars, their small family businesses. We saw a generation move away from our communities to look for better opportunities because the jobs simply weren’t there. I know that every single job is impor-tant. So every time that we are able to do something in this great Nation to create the environment, where this is the best place on the planet to do busi-ness, and we can grow jobs, it is good for our communities; it is good for our friends; it is good for our families; it is good for our neighbors. It makes our community stronger. One of the things about tax reform that is so important to remember is not simply about lowering the rates, but it is about helping American fami-lies, because now companies are now making decisions based on their em-ployees and what is best for their bot-tom line, not arcane provisions that exist in the Tax Code. So every time that I hear someone from the other side say, ‘‘All we did was give a tax break,’’ I think it is being disingenuous. I think, quite can-didly, it shows a lack of willingness to dig down into what this tax reform is really about; and that is changing how American companies operate so they can be very competitive on the world stage, so that they can make this place the greatest place in the world to do business and hire more of our friends and our family members, your neigh-bors, in the best-paying jobs on the planet. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to call on my colleague from Georgia’s Seventh District, Congressman R
OB W
OODALL . Congressman W OODALL is on the Budget Committee, on the Trans-portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee, and on the Rules Committee. I thank Congressman W
OODALL for his leadership on those committees. I thank the gentleman for the oppor-tunity that he has spent with me as a freshman guiding me along the way. I know that the folks back home truly appreciate his efforts, because, as a re-sult of tax reform, families making the median income in his district receive a $1,866 increase in their paychecks as a result. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia’s Seventh District (Mr. W
OODALL ). Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, you know that he may call himself a freshman, but Mr. F
ER-
GUSON —Dr. F ERGUSON has made his weight felt around here since day one. He ran on a commonsense platform that said: Dadgummit, let’s just go and get something done. Let’s go and make a difference. Let’s stop fussing about it. Let’s start doing something about it. He has developed a reputation as a doer, and I am proud to serve with him. I appreciate him putting together this opportunity tonight. Mr. Speaker, we talk about tax re-form as if it is a line item somewhere. The truth is that it is a feeling. It is a collective sigh of relief that has gone on in every single congressional dis-trict represented here. We have all gotten those calls. I got one just the other day, Mr. Speaker, from a father whose adult daughter had fallen on hard times and has a tough time making the bills work. As some-one who had been strapped for the last, 6, 7, 8 years, he was trying to figure out how he was going to help his daughter make the bill balance when he wound up with $1,000 bonus from one of our local employers. It came at exactly the right time to make a difference in his family’s life. It is that collective sigh of relief that better days are coming tomorrow than we had yesterday. I have heard it from the biggest companies in the district and I have heard it from the smallest companies in the district. The Home Depot is a proud Georgia company. My friend, Mr. LOUDERMILK  mentioned it is headquartered in his district. We have got about seven stores in my district and a distribution facility in our district. Mr. Speaker, $1,000 bonuses from The Home Depot went not to their upper-level manage-ment employees, but to their rank-and- file hourly employees at the store. That is real money in somebody’s pocket back home. Now, that’s just the kind of company that Home Depot is. We remember that during the eco-nomic crisis, when folks were cutting back on everything to try to make the books balance. They kept that program going on Saturday mornings, where you could come out with your kids, where you could build a birdhouse to-gether, where you could build a train together, where you could come to-gether as a family. Even when you didn’t have enough dollars to go to a ball game, you could come to your local Home Depot and be present with your children. That is the kind of com-pany they are. Same thing with UPS. My friend from Georgia knows, UPS has a proud tradition. We won them over from Con-necticut. Years ago, Oz Nelson made that decision. Folks in UPS brown, 1,700 employees in my district, are get-ting bonuses because UPS now has more money to go around. Now, all the money didn’t go into bo-nuses. Let’s be clear, it didn’t. UPS put $5 billion in their pension fund. Mr. Speaker, how many times have we talked about pension funds being underfunded in this country and want-ing somebody to do something about it? UPS got some extra dollars and they put those dollars in the pension fund for their employees. They announced last month, Mr. Speaker, 14 additional 747 purchases. Now, Boeing is not headquartered in my district, but if you live in Wash-ington State or you live in South Caro-lina, the news that 14 more planes are going to be purchased means some-thing to those families, to those sup-pliers, to those subcontractors. Four new 767s being purchased as a result of extra money that wasn’t com-ing to the Federal Government that is, instead, being reinvested. My friend from Georgia said it best: companies are now, for the first time in a long time, making decisions based on what is best for them, for their cus-tomers, for their employees, and for their communities. Mr. Speaker, we can argue about what kind of public policy we should have, but can’t we agree that one where we are prioritizing people and communities first is one that we can all be proud of? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.067 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1688 March 19, 2018 
I was pleased to support the bill. I am pleased to be down here with my friend from Georgia tonight talking about the impacts. I am grateful both to the Chair, Mr. Speaker, and to my friend from Georgia, for your leadership on this tax reform issue, for making it possible. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia’s Seventh District for his remarks. Well said. Mr. Speaker, as I close out tonight, I first want to thank all of my col-leagues who joined us here tonight to share some of the amazing stories from their districts and their States about what is happening as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. It is clear that this is having a real impact. The bene-fits are clearly more than just crumbs. They are meaningful to every single family. I think one of the things that I see— and I am beginning to see more and more of—is not just simply that an em-ployee is getting a bigger paycheck, which is great, but that enthusiasm that they have; because not only are they being rewarded for the job well done, but they are now seeing new op-portunities because of growing busi-nesses that they never had before. It is exciting and it is wonderful to see our friends, our family, and our neighbors, the people who we care about, who we represent, being affected in a positive way. As our economy grows and as we do things here to put more and more back into our commu-nities in the forms of people’s freedoms for them to make livings and to raise their children and to do with their fam-ily what they feel like is best, I see a bright future for this Nation. Just looking right now, 4 million people just recently receiving bonuses on top of their tax cuts, it has been a huge impact. It is making a difference. This is a promise that was made and it is a promise that has been kept. b2015 And because of our growing economy, we will have a chance to keep our other promises: our promise to defend this Nation against foreign invaders, our promise to make sure that our impor-tant safety nets are there in the future, making sure that we can keep every promise made to our seniors in terms of Social Security and Medicare, mak-ing sure that we can keep our promises to the men and women of the armed services who were willing to die for our freedoms. We can keep our promises to our chil-dren to make this Nation a wonderful and great place for them because we are beginning to have the resources that we need to tackle one of the most important challenges that we will ever face, and that is the $21 trillion in debt that we have burdened future genera-tions with. A growing economy gives us the resources to do just that, and I cannot wait to see what this future looks like because I know that it is strong, I know that it is bright, and I know that it is right because we will be able to keep our promises. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
2018: THE YEAR OF THE BLACK WOMAN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to anchor this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. I thank the Congressional Black Caucus chairman, C
EDRIC RICHMOND , for his leadership in this effort. For the next 60 minutes, we have an opportunity to speak directly to the American people about issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus and the millions of constitu-ents whom we represent. Tonight’s Special Order hour topic is Women’s History Month. Mr. Speaker, during Women’s History Month, we salute phenomenal women who refused to sit on the sidelines of history. After the passage of the 19th Amendment, millions of women have continued to march like the women who came before them. For generations, women, particularly Black women, have been on the front lines fighting for key rights for Amer-ica’s women, including the right to equal pay, the right to equal access to educational opportunities, and the right to equal access to opportunities in the workplace. In that spirit, I rise today on behalf of the Congressional Black Caucus in reclaiming 2018 as the Year of the Black Woman. 2018, the Year of the Black Woman—I like the sound of that. Black women are a force to reckon with, and we shall not be moved. New York, my hometown, has a long-standing and illustrious legacy of lead-ing the way to advance women’s rights, from Seneca Falls to the United States Congress, and even on the road to the White House. It was where Madam C.J. Walker and Billie Holiday laid down their roots. It was the home of the late great Congresswoman Shirley Chis-holm, the first African-American woman to serve in this distinguished House and whose congressional district I represent today. ‘‘I am not a candidate of Black Amer-ica, although I am Black and proud. I am not a candidate of the women’s movement of this country, although I am a woman, and I am equally proud of that. . . . I am the candidate of the people of America.’’ These are the words she spoke. This year marks the 50th anniversary of Shirley Chisholm’s election to the House of Representatives as the re-former from Brooklyn and the 46th an-niversary of her historic bid for the Presidency. In doing so, Shirley Chis-holm blazed a pathway for millions of girls and women to dream unthinkable dreams. Shirley Chisholm’s labor and con-tribution to Brooklyn, Congress, and the Nation continues to bear fruit today. She paved the way for many of the women, myself included, to run for elected office at all levels. Shirley Chisholm opposed war, rac-ism, sexism, and inequality. She stood up to Republicans and demanded more from her own party. She won; she lost; she never backed down. Forty-six years ago, the unbossed and unbought Shirley Chisholm an-nounced her candidacy for President of the United States, making her the first woman in history to run for the high-est office in the land. I can because she did. Congresswoman Chisholm used the authority of her experience to create nutrition assistance programs, expand healthcare services for parents and children, increase the minimum wage, support the veterans of our Armed Forces, and provide opportunities for women in college, graduate school, and collegiate and professional sports with the enactment of title IX. But that is not all. Shirley Chisholm pushed this country forward. I can re-call growing up in Brooklyn and just being so proud as a young girl growing up knowing that there was a woman who looked like me who came from my neighborhood, who came from my ori-gins, sitting here in the House of Rep-resentatives. She was somewhat of a rock star in Brooklyn. Her intellect, her ability, her savviness was something that she ex-uded in every environment that she found herself. She was pretty stylish as well. But it was, indeed, her strategic thinking and her ability to be a voice for the voiceless that really propelled Shirley Chisholm into the hearts and minds of all Americans. Shirley Chisholm pushed this coun-try forward, and for this and other rea-sons, she deserves a permanent place among other figures of United States history right here in the Capitol. In January, I introduced H.R. 4856, what I have named the Shirley Chis-holm Statue Bill. The bill would do just that, honor Shirley Chisholm’s legacy with a permanent statue among those statues in our hollowed Halls. H.R. 4856 directs the United States Joint Committee on the Library, which is responsible for oversight of the oper-ations of the Library of Congress and the management of Statuary Hall Col-lection, to obtain a statue of Chisholm 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.069 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1689 March 19, 2018 
for permanent placement in the United States Capitol. I am very pleased to say that over 70 Members of the United States House of Representatives are co-sponsors. My sister, colleague, and friend, Sen-ator K
AMALA HARRIS of California, in late February, introduced the com-panion bill. Among Senate cosponsors are the CBC members Senator C
ORY B
OOKER of New Jersey, in addition to Senators Warren and Sanders, and my Senators, C
HUCK SCHUMER and K IRSTEN  G
ILLIBRAND , as well. Senator H
ARRIS and I agree, Shirley Chisholm created a path for Black women Members of Congress who have served after her. ‘‘Her legacy encour-ages us to keep up the fight for our most voiceless and vulnerable,’’ Sen-ator H
ARRIS stated. Mr. Speaker, Rosa and Sojourner, giant figures in American history and the only two African-American women cemented permanently here in the Cap-itol, are lonely. Mr. Speaker, I hope that you will join us in this effort. Let’s pass the Shirley Chisholm Statue Bill right away. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE ), one of the staunch supporters of women’s rights here on Capitol Hill and co-chair of the Bipartisan Women’s Caucus. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman C
LARKE for all of her strong leadership as a Member of Congress and also as a co-chair of the Congressional Caucus on Black Women and Girls as she advocates for aware-ness, fairness, and equality for all. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today dur-ing Women’s History Month to ac-knowledge the impact and legacy of Black women in America. Black women have blazed trails, set stand-ards, and broken barriers in every job sector, elected position, and civil rights movement in America. I am especially proud of the strong leadership of African-American women during the suffrage movement. The suf-frage movement was the demand and struggle for the right for all women to vote and run for office and was a very important part of the overall women’s rights movement. Faced with constant opposition and threats of violence, women of various social classes, economic classes, and race traveled across the country to make their proclamation loud and clear. They have a voice, and they de-served a vote. As women fought and marched for their right to be treated as first-class citizens, in addition to their gender, African-American women were also faced with the barriers of racism in America. While women were united by gender, they remained divided by race. In the march for respect and dignity, Black women were asked to march at the back of the suffrage parade. Despite being asked to go to the back of the parade, 22 founders of the amaz-ing Delta Sigma Theta sorority marched. This sorority was the only African-American women’s organiza-tion to participate in the parade. I am proud to say I am a proud member of Delta Signa Theta. Another member of Delta Signa Theta sorority, Ida B. Wells-Barnette, marched for the right to vote. A jour-nalist, antilynching crusader, and out-spoken suffragist founded the first Af-rican-American women’s suffrage orga-nization, the Alpha Suffrage Club of Chicago. The members of the Ida B. Wells organization joined her in marching in the women’s suffrage march parade in Washington in 1913. Mr. Speaker, this is just one of the examples of how Black women have faced, head-on, the double barrier of being Black and being a woman in America. As a Black woman of Con-gress and as vice chair of the Demo-cratic Women’s Working Group and the Congressional Caucus for Women’s Issues, I stand on the shoulders of women who refused to accept the sta-tus of being a second-class citizen, a second-class woman, or a second-class race. I stand on the shoulders of Shirley Chisholm, as my colleague has outlined this amazing woman being the first Af-rican-American woman of Congress. I stand on the shoulders of women like Erma Henderson. She was a De-troit civil rights activist who became the first Black woman to be elected to the Detroit City Council. She was the first woman I was able to look up to as a little Black girl growing up in the city of Detroit. She inspired me to be-lieve that one day I, too, could have a seat at the table. Mr. Speaker, the legacy of Black women is far from over. I am proud of how far we have come, and I am en-couraged by the hope of what is next. I am encouraged by my colleagues— White, Black, men, and women—who continue to fight for fairness, justice, and equality for all women and for Black women in this country. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for her extraordinary comments this evening, really highlighting the triumphs and the challenges of both race and gender when we talk about Black women. This is Women’s History Month. We want to bring a unique lens to the con-versation of Women’s History Month because oftentimes, indeed, Black women tend to be the hidden figures. b2030 Having said that, it is now my honor to yield to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia, the honorable B
ARBARA LEE, one of the outstanding mentors and Black women here in Congress who has done extraordinary work, whether it is in leading the conscience of this Con-gress around the Iraq war or many other causes that we have seen her leadership as a north star to really making this Nation the best that it can be. It is my honor to yield to the gen-tlewoman from California. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman for those kind re-marks, and also let me thank Congress-woman LAWRENCE for her tremendous leadership and all she has done not only through this Special Order, but through all of their work with the Con-gressional Black Women and Girls Cau-cus. They have really lifted up Black women and shown the world that Black women lead, and I am very proud of both of them for doing that. You know, hidden figures, we are not hidden any-more thanks to them. Mr. Speaker, I want to just take a minute and begin by saying what a huge void it is on the floor of this House tonight without the presence of our beloved warrior woman Congress-woman L
OUISE SLAUGHTER . She was a brilliant and beautiful woman: the first woman to chair the Rules Committee and the only microbiologist in the House. My heart is broken tonight. Louise sat right there. She encour-aged us; she supported our agenda, whatever we were doing; and she was a true mentor. I know, on behalf of all of us, we are praying for her family and her constituents tonight, and it feels different without Louise being on this floor. I am glad to be with my sisters this evening and Congressional Black Cau-cus member Mr. E
VANS because this is a moment that we have to kind of pull together in her absence. Each year, in March, we pause to honor the countless contributions that women have made to this Nation. As a Black woman, I am uniquely aware that our stories tend, really, to be lost in the mainstream celebration of Wom-en’s History Month. That is why I am glad to be here with my CBC colleagues to declare that, yes, 2018, this is the year of the Black woman. For generations, Black women have blazed trails throughout this Nation: Madam C.J. Walker, Mary McLeod Be-thune, Ruby Bridges, Audre Lorde, Mae Jemison, and Michelle Obama. This list of historical Black girl magic, it could go on. It could go on and on because, in every chapter of American history, Black women have stood up, spoken out, and pushed this Nation closer to freedom and justice and equality for all. Last year, we saw the clearest indica-tion of the influence that Black women have on our society through the emer-gence of the Me Too movement against sexual assault and misconduct. Many don’t know this, but the Me Too movement was started by a Black woman 12 years ago to support victims and survivors of sexual violence. Tarana Burke’s work and the phrase ‘‘me too’’ have revolutionized the way we approach sexual assault in this country. But as has been the case throughout American history, Tarana’s story, the story of Black women, is often lost in mainstream coverage of this movement, and what a shame it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.071 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1690 March 19, 2018 
But, once again, 2018, this is the year of Black women, and thank you for giv-ing us a chance to highlight some of these hidden figures. Courageous, bold, and brilliant women like Tarana have been fighting for the soul of this country for genera-tions. And despite being locked out of opportunity and left behind in consid-eration, like our beloved, brilliant, the late Dr. Maya Angelou said so wisely: And still we rise. We rise in the spirit of Black women like Ida B. Wells, who happens to have been born on July 16, which is my birthday—different year, though, but July 16. She was a revolutionary jour-nalist and crusader for justice who spoke truth to power and exposed the atrocity of lynchings across the coun-try. We rise with the hope and determina-tion of Black women like my mentor— and Congresswoman Y
VETTE CLARKE  has so boldly taken up her agenda, and she is standing on her shoulders—Con-gresswoman Shirley Chisholm, the first major party African-American can-didate and the first woman candidate who ran for the United States Presi-dency. Miss C., as we called her, broke many barriers while tirelessly advocating for the most vulnerable in our Nation and our world. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-gresswoman C
LARKE for laying her record out. I have to say, I got to know her very well. I was honored to have coordinated her northern California campaign, and I saw the many obstacles that she over-came as a Black woman in politics. I happen to have been honored to have been a Shirley Chisholm delegate in Miami at the convention, and I have to just say, you talk about mentors, Congresswoman Chisholm encouraged me, and she was a catalyst for change, and she was unbought and unbossed. I think Black women today are unbought and unbossed, and we are the catalyst for change, and so I can’t help but honor Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm tonight and thank her for her contributions to our country, but also for being so special in my life, because I shared many, many, many moments with her. So thank you again, and we want to recognize her on this floor. Mr. Speaker, we also rise with the courage of fearless Black women like Anita Hill, who held her head high and spoke out against sexual harassment despite being humiliated by a com-mittee of White male Senators. I was reminded by Andrea Mitchell last week, on her show, that Congress-woman S
LAUGHTER was one of those House Members who marched over there to that committee and held that hearing up for a couple of days. When we rise, when we stand up to-gether. When we refuse to be silenced, Black women and women can change history. Because Anita Hill refused to let the abuse she was subjected to dissuade her from working to create a world where other young female professionals wouldn’t be made to accept sexual har-assment as simply part of the job, a movement was begun because of that. The movement led to the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1991 that al-lowed employees to sue for damages re-lated to sex discrimination and harass-ment, and Anita reminded us that it was a Black woman who filed the first sexual harassment lawsuit in the mid- eighties. Now, this movement led to more women being elected to office, tripling the number of women Senators from two to six; and because of that move-ment, there are now 22 women Sen-ators and 104 Members of the House. Make no mistake, we still have a long way to go to achieve full and last-ing equality for Black women in this country. Black women still make only 60 cents for every dollar that White fe-males make. We still have to fight for access to healthcare, and structural sexism continues to stand in the way of Black women being able to fully achieve the American Dream. But still we rise. I am confident that, no matter what obstacles we face, as long as we stand up, speak out, and fight for what is right, we will win—because we are win-ning. And let me just say as a Black woman who has been fighting for social justice and equality my entire life, the fight is worth it. So I am proud to stand here with you tonight in memory of my mother, who was a fearless warrior woman, who taught me never to back down if I thought what I said or what I did was right. Had Black women, like Ida B. Wells, my mother, Mildred Parish Massey, Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, and Anita Hill given up, I might not be standing here today. I am the 17th Af-rican-American woman in Congress, the 74th African American, and the 163rd woman to serve in the House of Representatives in the United States’ history. I know I would not be here if it weren’t for these phenomenal Afri-can-American warrior women. Mr. Speaker, thank you again for giving us a chance tonight to talk about our great sheroes, and I hope we continue to educate the public and to lift up Black women so the entire coun-try will really understand and value and know where we have been so they know where we are going, and that is to achieve liberty and justice for ev-eryone in this country. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for her eloquent pres-entation this evening. It is now my honor and privilege to bring to the floor the gentleman from the great State of Pennsylvania, the great city of Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love and sisterly affection, the honorable D
WIGHT EVANS of the Second Congressional District. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from the great city of Brooklyn, particularly the great part of New York in terms of Brooklyn. She always reminds me that there is not a better place than Brook-lyn. And if you haven’t been there, I encourage you to go to Brooklyn. What can I say about my colleague Congresswoman LAWRENCE from Michi-gan? As they both lead this effort, I compliment both of them. I want to thank my colleagues for holding this Special Order hour to talk about our queens, our rocks, and our Black women. I say that because I was raised by a Black woman who was a single head of household, better known as my mom, Jean Evans. She was someone then and now who always was very consistent in her message in terms of stay strong and always look forward. As we paint a picture of the Black community in 2018, it is clear that we have a lot to lose, because too many of our neighborhoods, unfortunately, are still plagued by rampant poverty, dys-function, and crime. They are very se-rious issues. But as I seek to tie together last week’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order with tonight’s theme, it is important to remember that, when the Kerner Commission report was issued, and even today, Black women had to deal with racism and, add to that, sexism. I am comforted by the fact that the excellence of Black women continues to outshine the gloom and doom that some of these problems bring. In fact, the fastest growing category of entrepreneurs are Black women. Fortunately, I don’t have to look too far because of Philadelphia, home of some of the most dynamic women and Black women in America. There is a woman there who is very good, and I have known her an awful long time, City Councilwoman Janine Blackwell, six terms in the council, born and raised in Philadelphia. She is a sea-soned advocate for social change and has a 30-year reputation for serving community members and the poor and underprivileged in the city of Philadel-phia, making her a leader in our city, Councilwoman Janine Blackwell. Della Clark, president of The Enter-prise Center, has played an integral role in the creative, technical, and pro-fessional progress of minority business development over the course of her life. Estelle Richman, former Secretary of Public Welfare and Chief Operating Of-ficer of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. Richman oversaw agency efforts that resulted in an increased percentage of foster children finding permanent homes and a drop in the waiting list for mental retardation services. Julia Coker Graham is the president and the CEO of the Philadelphia Con-vention and Visitors Bureau, where she oversees all of the organization’s de-partments and operational duties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.072 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1691 March 19, 2018 
Prior to being named to the position, she served as the senior vice president of the convention sales and manage-ment staff, 25 people. She leads that or-ganization, and she represents the face of Philadelphia. The late C. Delores Tucker, who was the first African American to serve in the cabinet of a governor in the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania. And last but not least is Sarah Lomax-Reese, president and general manager of WURD, better known as Wurd in the African-American commu-nity, a Black-owned radio station. b2045 All of these women I have mentioned have, in one way or another, affected me personally and have played a very key role in my life. So I want to join with my colleagues and talk about these beautiful women—our queens, our rocks, our great women. I thank both of my colleagues for allowing me to have this opportunity to join this discussion. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for really bringing to the fore all of these extraordinary Black women in Philadelphia. It is unfortu-nate that our history, when it comes to gender parity, does not extol the vir-tues of everyone who is really laboring in the vineyard, oftentimes trailblazers and making things happen for commu-nities, municipalities, and States across this Nation. Again, we are illu-minating hidden figures this evening, and I want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for doing such a tremendous job. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor and privilege to yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), who is just across the river from the district that I represent in New York. The gentleman has been an extraor-dinary advocate for communities of color in the State of New Jersey. He has done a tremendous job in work on the Committee on Homeland Security. I know he has been an advocate for pro-moting and putting forth Black women in leadership positions. He was respon-sible for electing the very first Black woman to be Lieutenant Governor of the State of New Jersey. The Honor-able D
ONALD PAYNE , Jr., represents of the 10th District of New Jersey. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank Representative C
LARKE and Representative L
AWRENCE for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour. These are two dynamic colleagues of mine. Ms. C
LARKE , as she stated, is right across the river from me and has really been a mentor to me since my arrival here in Congress. There is never anything that I have ever asked her to do that she hasn’t done. I just want to ac-knowledge the great support that she has been for me since I have arrived at this body. She is a true leader from across the river. Also, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , who is from the great State of Michigan, has joined us in her second term here in Congress. She has demonstrated her leadership day in and day out as well. Mr. Speaker, of course, every year is the year of the Black woman for me. Just as Black women like the late great Shirley Chisholm and Barbara Jordan paved the way for other Black women to run for office, the work that these gentlewomen do has inspired a new generation of Black women to change the course of our Nation. For that, we are all grateful. Throughout American history, Black women have been undervalued and undercompensated. Nationally, Black women who work in full-time jobs make only 64 cents for every dollar a White man makes. In New Jersey, Black women only make 58 cents for every dollar a White man makes. Black women both in New Jersey and nation-ally make persistently less than White women, despite the fact that Black women have the highest labor force participation rate in the United States among women. Regardless of their educational level, Black women are less likely than other workers to be employed in higher pay-ing careers. They are more likely than other groups to be employed in service- industry jobs with low pay, no benefits, and outside the scope of the labor laws of this country. Black women are key to building long-term success in our communities, yet they are disproportionately incar-cerated. They are more likely to face employment discrimination and hous-ing discrimination. They are more likely to be disciplined at school, and they are still undervalued and under-represented in our society. What should we be doing in Congress and in our communities? First, we should be strengthening Black women’s political participation. We need more Black women in office at all levels of government. Each of us should mentor young Black women who want to serve. We should uplift their voices, give them the micro-phone, and build infrastructure that gets them into office. Secondly, we must protect the right to vote for Black women and all people of color. Over the past 5 years, the Su-preme Court has gutted the Voting Rights Act. Legislators in States like Texas and South Carolina have passed voter ID laws that disproportionately restrict the right to vote for people of color, and Russian social media ac-counts have targeted the Black com-munity to sow division and discord in our elections. As Members of Congress, we have the power to restore the Voting Rights Act, protect the right to vote, and en-sure our elections are secure from for-eign interference. Third, we need to support increased employment and higher earnings for Black women. That includes raising the Federal minimum wage to make it a liveable wage. That means strength-ening collective bargaining. Mr. Speaker, there are many exam-ples of women in New Jersey who have made great accomplishments. Throughout 2018, the Year of the Black Woman, it is vitally important that we elevate Black women’s voices and their experiences. Here are just a few Black women from my district who are mak-ing a difference. Ibtihaj Muhammad, a Black woman from Maplewood, New Jersey, became the first American Olympian to wear a hijab during her event. She was also a model for the first hijab-wearing Barbie doll. Ibtihaj Muhammad is a trailblazer. She fenced in this year’s past Summer Olympics. Sheila Oliver, as Ms. CLARKE inti-mated, a Newark native, just became the first African-American Lieutenant Governor in New Jersey’s history. She had already broken the glass ceiling by becoming the first African-American woman to serve as assembly speaker in New Jersey, and only the second Afri-can-American woman in the country to lead a State legislature. The first, of course, was our colleague from Cali-fornia, K
AREN BASS. Sheila Oliver and K
AREN BASSare trailblazers. Mattie Holloway from Hillside, New Jersey, has spent nearly 40 years help-ing young women in her community. For the past three decades, she has led Hope, Inc., a community service orga-nization that helps pregnant teens and young mothers stay on track during and after their pregnancy. Mattie Holloway is a trailblazer. In Bayonne, New Jersey, there is a young woman named Jae Wilson. She is 9 years old. Jae was at the mall one day when she noticed a homeless man wasn’t wearing socks. Jae saw a need and stepped up to fill it. This young woman now spends her spare time col-lecting socks and shoes to distribute to people in need. Jae Wilson is a trail-blazer. There are countless Black women whose contributions to our collective freedom have gotten us to this point today. Too often, they have been side-lined and, as I stated, undervalued and disrespected. Let’s do a better job to celebrate, uplift, and empower our sis-ters this year and every year. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, thank the gen-tleman from New Jersey for high-lighting all of the ways in which Black women have excelled beyond expecta-tion, despite all the challenges and the obstacles that they have faced. We continue to see Black women rise, and I want to thank the gentleman for his observations, for his experience, and his interactions as part of this Spe-cial Order hour. We know that, again, these are hidden figures, but today I say hidden no more. They are in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD , and I thank the gentleman for adding such richness to the R
ECORD this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). The Honorable S
HEILA JACKSON LEE will be sharing with us her insights 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.073 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1692 March 19, 2018 
during this Special Order hour as we highlight the accomplishments and we speak to the concerns in the Year of the Black Woman. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her leader-ship and tenacity, and that of her co-anchor, the Honorable B
RENDA LAW-
RENCE . They are so correct. This is the year of Black Woman Rising. I can’t help but celebrate the quote from the Honorable Shirley Chisholm, whom I had the privilege of intro-ducing more than once as a younger woman. One will never forget that ex-perience and never forget the experi-ence of just being around the Honor-able Shirley Chisholm and the Honor-able Barbara Jordan. They both came from similar stock on opposite sides of the Nation, but they were strong, stern, committed, and ready to serve; and serve, I like to think, without fool-ishness. So I love the quote of Congress-woman Chisholm that said: If there is no chair for you at the table, then bring a folding chair. I am paraphrasing. What a celebration. Let me be very clear, it can go for Black women today in the 21st century. I do want to acknowledge and to thank all women in this Women’s His-tory Month for their leadership and service. I want to particularly take note of our lost, late colleague, the Honorable L
OUISE SLAUGHTER , and say that if there was ever a mighty woman of great leadership, tenacity, and strength, it was our dear friend, L
OUISE  S
LAUGHTER . We honor her now and as well in the months to come. As we talk about women of color, and in this instance, Black women, let me tell my colleagues that was about 400 or 500 of my sorors on Saturday. I must make mention of Marsha Penn, our president, and we were talking about the famous number 98. Let me make sure I note all of the sorors in different sororities. For those of you who are not familiar with the sorority, that is a particular unique and special part of Black women’s lives. I know there are other sororities, but we take it very seriously. You can be many colors. I happen to be pink and green, but there are many colors. I call them all my sorors. They are my sisters. But we were talking about the power, and I use the number 98. I used that same number when I spoke with Stacey Abrams in Georgia just a few weeks ago. She may, in fact, be the first Afri-can-American woman nominee for Gov-ernor. She is running for that position in Georgia. She may be one of the great leaders coming forward. But the 98 number is, as my col-leagues know, 98 percent of African- American women cast their vote that catapulted Senator D
OUG JONES into the United States Senate. They are change makers and tree shakers. That is what I want to say about Black Woman Rising. They are, in fact, those tree shakers. Might I say and pay tribute to Ivalita Jackson, my mother; Valerie Bennett; Sarah Jackson; Sybil Gooden; Olive Jackson, my grandmother; Vannie Bennett, my grandmother; Mrs. Simms, my great-grandmother; Audrey Reed, my aunt; Vickie Bennett, my aunt; along with Valerie Bennett, my aunt. All of these women surrounded me and gave me the kind of tenacity and strength that I can be proud of. b2100 I also want to acknowledge women like Dr. Alexa Canady, the first Afri-can-American woman neurosurgeon; Oprah Winfrey, a Mississippi native who has turned into a multi-multi-millionaire and upwards of a billion-aire; and the story of Sojourner Truth, who was left off of the suffragette stat-ue; but women like myself gathered to-gether. Senator Clinton carried the leg-islation, but C. Delores Tucker was the inspiration. She did not rest until So-journer Truth found her place in the United States Congress. There was Rosa Parks, who now sits in Statuary Hall in tribute to many members of the Congressional Black Caucus. I certainly thank our chair-man, Mr. RICHMOND , for creating these opportunities for us to have this kind of experience. Let me now get to the crux of what we need to do to be fair to Black women. First of all, we need to quash, extin-guish the stereotypes of welfare queens, incarcerated women, women with children and no spouses, and real-ly talk about the mountains that Black women have climbed to raise children and to create heroes across the specter of leadership, from science to medicine, to education and, yes, to sports. Let’s make sure that we never have a President that says ‘‘sons of a B’’ to malign the many mothers, many of them African American, who are the mothers of sports persons who, only be-cause of their upbringing, had a sensi-tivity to criminal justice reform. Let us always characterize the moth-ers of the movement for what they are: not individuals who are against law en-forcement or order, but mothers who have lost their children in an unfair way. We need to work toward how things should change in criminal justice re-form and improve police-community relations so we don’t have mothers who have lost their children, such as Eric Garner, Michael Brown, Walter Scott, Tamir Rice, Trayvon Martin, and Jor-dan Davis. Some of these were not di-rectly police issues, but they were sons who lost their lives, African-American young men. Also, Sandra Bland. Her mother is a dear friend of mine. They lost their lives in ways that should not have been. There are also the same mothers of those law enforce-ment officials who have lost their lives. They mourn. What about bring-ing them together? Many of the moth-ers of young African Americans are ob-viously people of color, but we have lost many in the law enforcement in the same way. My point is that the pain of mothers, the pain of African-American mothers, should be treated with dignity. The idea of a mother being on assistance to provide for her children and living in public housing should carry no label. There should not be a definition of sup-plemental food stamps as a handout, as much as it is a hand-up. No one should be trying to save money in the United States Congress by providing boxes of food versus a nu-trition system that food stamps allow, which is to allow someone to go and buy what their family needs or buy the formula or what their child with aller-gies needs. Let’s, first of all, establish dignity. Then, of course, if young women who happen to be African American happen to be incarcerated, let’s make sure that we are looking to end mandatory mini-mums so that for these young women who are caught up in a conspiracy where the law wraps everyone up be-cause of some elements of a spouse or a significant other or a boyfriend, and they get caught up in the criminal jus-tice system, we can respond to them as mothers and recognize that they should be having an opportunity to not be entrapped with mandatory mini-mums so that they are never able to re-turn to their children. What about women who are pregnant and incarcerated, many of them Latino and African-American women? We should be able to have a situation where those women are not separated from those children. I heard Mr. P
AYNE mention the 64 cents per dollar that many African- American women make in those kinds of hourly wage jobs. Therefore, we must have an increase in the minimum wage, but, more importantly, an in-crease in wages for women working in all capacities so that the stagnant wages that have not been impacted positively by the $2 trillion-dollar tax cut, we must ensure that. We must ensure the ability of all per-sons to vote without obstruction and without the dastardly voter ID laws that have been put in place specifically to stymie the vote of people of color: Latinos and African Americans. I would hope that the courts would find them unconstitutional. Motherhood must be promoted, as I indicated, for those incarcerated, but also for those who are not. Also, the support of healthcare, which is what the Affordable Care Act was all about. It was to equalize and to give a protec-tive system for our working mothers or our mothers who could not afford in-surance in another way. It is unfortu-nate, though we have tried—the Repub-lican Congress has attempted to un-ravel a very strong healthcare system. There are women in the United States military. First, I salute them all, but I also salute those African- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.075 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1693 March 19, 2018 
American women who have served in the military and have become generals. I do want to take note of an organi-zation that I have a deep affection for, and that is NASA. I am going to make it very clear that I want NASA to be on notice that I am still going to focus on the precipitous removal of an African- American, well-qualified astronaut without any explanation. The only ex-planation is: We did this wrong, and we really need to fix it. But it needs to be explained why this person is not put back on the astronaut list and what excuse you had to remove her, other than the fact she was an Af-rican-American woman. In this month and this time we are honoring women, if you have a reason, you need to come forward to discern or explain why an African-American woman with the cre-dentials, who is an M.D., who has been in training for a large number of years, was precipitously removed with no ex-planation. These are the kinds of challenges that we face. So, I guess my message is: Let us give dignity to these women who are characteristically different. Sojourner Truth represents a power-ful example of that. She was a tall, dark, regal women. The story goes that, when she was at the suffragette meeting in the Midwest, she either raised her hand or attempted to be rec-ognized, and the person in the front said: Yes, sir, what do you want, the gentleman in the back? She began this long statement that said: Ain’t I a woman? I have born 13 children and seen most all sold into slavery. Although I may be strong looking and manly looking, you may not have recognized that I am a woman that has born children and had them snatched away from me. So I think the underlying premise of what we need to do for girls is to stop having the bias of young boys and girls who are African American being ex-pelled or suspended from school in larger percentages than others. We need to make sure that the schools in our communities that happen to be Latino and African-American neigh-borhoods are equal to other schools. We need to invest in education. We need to invest in Historically Black Colleges and Universities. We need to invest in technology and coding. We need to invest in giving our young peo-ple opportunity. I want to conclude my remarks by saying that this is an amazing array of outstanding women. I cannot recall all of their names, but I hope that, as I call their names, you understand my singular thing of dignity. Dignity doesn’t write legislation, but it causes us to write legislation and policies that give women of color—in this instance, African-American women—as we honor them in Women’s History Month, dig-nity and whatever the tools there are that give them dignity: better access to jobs, better access to housing, better respect for the work they do. We had the dismissal of an astronaut without any explanation and no explanation that they can find. Tracey Norman is a model. Oprah Winfrey. Shirley Chisolm. Leontyne Price. Maya Angelou. We know them for their work in civil rights. Aretha Franklin, a historic, wonder-ful artist in her own right. Hattie McDaniel. Marian Anderson. Ella Fitz-gerald. Althea Gibson. Dorothy Dandridge. Chemist Marie Daly. Sarah Goode, an inventor. We know the won-derful movie that talked about NASA women. Della Reece. Ms. Muhammad, an ath-lete. Ms. Butler, an author. Mae Jemison, my friend, a doctor and astro-naut. Tyra Banks. Whoopi Goldberg. Loretta Lynch. Patricia Roberts Har-ris. Many of us are familiar with her work as a secretary in our United States. Mary Jane Patterson, an educa-tor. Alice Coachman. There are so many. I conclude by simply saying that what we want is dignity, respect, and the ability to serve and to be Ameri-cans, as we should. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for bringing to the floor so many of the issues that Black women have been in the lead on or have been fighting for, such as social justice and criminal justice reform, which is the hallmark of the leadership of Congress-woman S
HEILA JACKSON LEE. We are grateful to her for expressing today all of these obstacles that we must over-come and that we are focused on here in the House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE ). Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I just want to close with some words of wis-dom from Black women who absolutely have inspired me. ‘‘It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it,’’ Lena Horn. ‘‘I did what my conscience told me to do, and you can’t fail if you do that,’’ Anita Hill. ‘‘Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the error that counts,’’ Nikki Giovanni. ‘‘Don’t feel entitled to anything you didn’t sweat and struggle for.’’ That is the legendary Marian Wright Edelman. And I close on an amazing woman we have talked so much about: ‘‘Service is the rent that you pay for room on this Earth,’’ Shirley Chisolm. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to be a woman in America and to be blessed by God with this beautiful, Black skin and to be a Black woman in America. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for sharing those quotes with us this evening. It is so important, in terms of inspi-ration and motivation, that we are able to pull from the work that is being done by Black women and those who have preceded us. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this mo-ment, because I would be remiss if I did not take this opportunity to honor an-other distinguished woman from New York, the dearly departed Congress-woman LOUISE SLAUGHTER from New York’s 25th District. Words cannot adequately express the sense of sadness that I and many in my delegation feel to have received word of the passing of Congresswoman L
OUISE  S
LAUGHTER , the dean of the New York delegation. Ms. S
LAUGHTER dedicated her life’s work to the people of western New York and, indeed, all Americans across our great Nation. She embodied a spirit of strength, wisdom, grace, and beauty, inside and out. She represented the very best of the American spirit, our values, and our ideals. She was a trailblazer. She was the first woman to serve as chair and ranking member of the powerful House Rules Committee. She commanded the respect and admiration of her col-leagues. Having had the honor of serving with her has enriched my passion for service and my commitment to fight for the most vulnerable amongst us. She is, in-deed, a woman on whose shoulders I stand. The United States Congress has lost an esteemed leader, the New York delegation has lost a beloved dean, and I have lost a cherished friend and men-tor. My thoughts and my prayers are with her three daughters, Megan, Amy, and Emily; and her grandchildren and great-grandchildren. In this time of their bereavement, we extend our deep-est condolences. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we stand today in honor and in awe of the many accomplishments of black women in America. Despite seemingly insur-mountable odds, black women have led iconic movements that have come to define the standard of equality and fairness throughout our society. Every black woman stands on the shoulders of those who have paved the way for the con-tinued freedom we enjoy, drawing their inspi-ration from the strength of our ancestors and our peers. The accomplishments of black women are part of a storied legacy of achieve-ment made all the more meaningful by the challenges that we’ve had to overcome. As black women, the heavy burden of both sys-temic racism and sexism are not new realities, just circumstances that we have long worked to dismantle through civil rights movements, equal pay rallies, and organized civic engage-ment. Black women and girls possess a unique understanding of the trials and adversities unique to our own experiences. Black women have always made do with less than their fair share, earning only 63 cents for every dollar a white man makes for the same work. More than 80 percent of black mothers are the breadwinners in their households, tasked with raising our future generations with just scarce-ly enough to pay for essentials while earning a fraction of what other segments of the popu-lation earn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.076 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1694 March 19, 2018 
Black women are also sorely underrep-resented in one the fastest growing and high-est paying career fields in America—engineer-ing. Black women make up less than 1 per-cent of American engineers. Science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics are fields that black women are being excluded from through cultural exclusion, lack of role models, and pay inequities. STEM fields offer incredible opportunities for the African Amer-ican community, and we must do more to en-sure that we encourage more women of color to pursue these opportunities. Mr. Speaker, America needs black women to fulfill the roles as chemists, engineers, physicists, and engineers. Black women have and continue to engineer solutions to many of the problems we face in the 21st Century. The coming age presents unique technological challenges that must be met with unique per-spectives capable of grand problem solving. Supporting funding for STEM after school pro-grams, workshops, and boot camps is an in-vestment in the future faces of computer science, engineering, and the continued lead-ership of the black woman. Historically, when the Black woman succeeds, our nation suc-ceeds. This year, let us do more for black women in America so that they can continue to do more for our country. 
f 
b2115 FBI INVESTIGATIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, with so much going on these days in the way of investigations, we still have Robert Mueller, special counsel—of course, he was supposed to look into potential il-legal collusion between President Trump and Russia, and it has morphed into basically whatever he wants to pursue. It is kind of like the investigation that James Comey as the Deputy At-torney General recommended that the then-Attorney General John Ashcroft should recuse himself, which he fol-lowed that advice, and then Mr. Comey was able to appoint his very dear friend and his child’s godfather, Patrick Fitz-gerald, to be the special attorney. Special attorney, special counsel, and Mr. Comey apparently knew at the time the investigation began that the person who leaked Valerie Plame’s identity as CIA agent was named Rich-ard Armitage, somebody they did not want to go after even though it was supposed to have been a crime. But they weren’t interested in the crime. They were interested in nailing a per-son or persons. And it really appears that is not only what Patrick Fitzgerald did. He wanted somebody’s hide, and apparently it was Dick Cheney’s. He might have settled for Karl Rove. Apparently, the offer was made more than once. It was re-ported that Fitzgerald was offering Scooter Libby. If you can just give me anything that will convict Vice President Cheney, then we will make sure you don’t have anything to worry about. But Scooter Libby was not going to lie to get himself out from under the gun, and as was reported, a witness against him, Judy Miller, later be-lieved, when she found some notes, whoops, Libby had not lied as she ap-parently thought. Apparently, he was innocent, just as he had contended and, apparently, would have walked away without any problems, without the full force of the Federal Government going after him if he had just given him any-thing—that is Comey’s child’s god-father—given him anything that would have allowed him to convict Vice President Cheney. It appears Mueller’s investigation now has ceased looking for a crime in-volving Trump and Russia and is fo-cused on just finding something—kind of like the effort that Comey’s buddy— if it is Comey’s buddy, since we are told that Comey and Mueller are basi-cally joined at the hip, then it must have been Mueller’s friend, too. But they wanted Vice President Cheney, and when Scooter Libby wouldn’t lie and do that, well, they convicted him of lying when, apparently, he did not lie. He was innocent. You can go back and find these type of things in Robert Mueller’s wake, whether it was as the assistant U.S. at-torney in charge of criminal investiga-tions in Boston when they were found later to have had people who worked for Mueller who were in bed with Whitey Bulger, the mob leader, and Mueller kept insisting that these four people who were framed by FBI agents should remain in prison and not be pa-roled. Two of them died in prison. There was ultimately a settlement, but Mueller couldn’t be bothered with a settlement because of the actions of the people who worked for him. Just like he went after Dr. Hatfill, claiming that he was the anthrax kill-er, and some say that was the highest profile case this FBI Director had han-dled. Others would say it was the pros-ecution and conviction of Ted Stevens, U.S. Senator, which we later found out was a frame-up. The FBI is reported to have hidden evidence that completely exonerated him and manufactured evi-dence. After that came to light, his conviction, all of the case was dropped, as it should have been, well before it was ever even pursued. But they got the intended result. The trial, a week or so before his election, he was convicted and, there-fore, lost the election. Kind of like what Mueller, as FBI Director, had his FBI do to Curt Weldon whom I saw stand at this podium numerous times and talk about the FBI had some infor-mation before 9/11 that showed that they could have stopped it, something like that. But he just kept beating up on the FBI. I didn’t have any idea whether what Curt Weldon was talking about was true or not, but I do know that just a few weeks before his reelection, after he had been easily reelected a number of times and after he was shown to have a decent lead over a very good Democratic opponent, 3 weeks before the election, the FBI stormed his daughter’s office, and Mueller’s FBI had leaked the information, appar-ently, because the place was covered up with reporters of all kinds so that they could document the raid on Curt Weldon’s daughter’s office. Shortly thereafter, protesters with signs showed up at Curt’s office, claim-ing that he had been caught red-hand-ed, and the implications were clear from the FBI that Curt Weldon was guilty of something, and that brought about his defeat by about 2 percent. As I understand it, the year after that raid on the Weldons, the FBI con-tacted Curt Weldon’s daughter and said: You need to come pick up all this stuff up. There was never a grand jury that we know of. There was no indictment. There was no real investigation. Mueller’s FBI got tired of Curt Weldon making allegations from this podium I am standing at now, and they silenced him as a Representative. There is much more, but we find out, and there is an article in the American Thinker by Daniel John Sobieski, and it talks about Uranium One. It says: ‘‘Back in July, I called for a criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton’s collusion with Russia to turn over con-trol of 20 percent of our uranium sup-plies to Russian interests in return for some $145 million in donation to the Clinton Foundation. Now it turns out that there was one, an FBI investiga-tion dating back to 2009, with current Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosen-stein and Special Prosecutor Robert Mueller up to their eyeballs in cov-ering up evidence of Hillary’s collu-sion, bordering on treason, with a Vladimir Putin’s Russia.’’ ‘‘Before the Obama administration approved a controversial deal in 2010 giving Moscow control of a large swath of American uranium, the FBI had gathered substantial evidence that Russian nuclear industry officials were engaged in bribery, kickbacks, extor-tion, and money laundering designed to grow Vladimir Putin’s,’’ says a report by the Hill. John Solomon, Alison Spann of the Hill, said this: ‘‘Federal agents used a confidential U.S. witness working inside the Rus-sian nuclear industry to gather exten-sive financial records, make secret re-cordings, and intercept emails as early as 2009 that showed Moscow had com-promised an American uranium truck-ing firm with bribes and kickbacks in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Prac-tices Act, FBI and court documents show.’’ So from today’s report, we find out that the investigation was supervised by then-U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein, who is now President Trump’s Deputy Attorney General, and then-Assistant FBI Director Andrew McCabe, who is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.033 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1695 March 19, 2018 
now the Deputy FBI Director under President Trump. Robert Mueller was head of the FBI from 2001 through September 2013, until James Comey took over as FBI Director in 2013. They were both in-volved in this Russian scam being that this case started in 2009 and ended in 2015. Let me insert parenthetically, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know who rec-ommended the U.S. attorney inves-tigating Russian collusion with Hillary Clinton and with the trucking firm, with others here in the United States, but whoever recommended Rod Rosen-stein to President Trump as Deputy Attorney General should be fired, who-ever that was. They are not there to help President Trump. Further down, the article says: ‘‘Tuesday, on Fox Business Network, ‘Lou Dobbs Tonight,’ Breitbart editor at large and the author of ‘Clinton Cash,’ Peter Schweizer said there needs to be a Federal investigation into the Russian uranium deal then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s State De-partment approved after the Clinton Foundation receiving $145 million from the shareholders of Uranium One. . . .’’ So it is rather interesting. The arti-cle goes on to point out that about the investigation into Hillary Clinton, and it points—it quotes from Schweizer, saying: ‘‘A lot of people don’t realize it now, in parts of the Midwest American soil is owned by Vladimir Putin’s gov-ernment because this deal went through.’’ He goes on and makes some inter-esting observations. At the conclusion, he says: ‘‘Actu-ally, we no longer need an investiga-tion of Hillary Clinton and Uranium One. This FBI investigation in conjunc-tion to what we already knew is prima facie evidence of criminal corruption and intentionally putting of American national security at risk for personal financial gain.’’ Then this article from Lee Smith, March 13, titled, ‘‘Robert Mueller’s Beltway Cover-Up.’’ This points out that if the deep state here—and it does cross party lines. They wanted some-body to effectively cover up all of the leaks, each one of which is a crime punishable by time in prison. If the deep state here in Washington wanted somebody who could protect all of these criminals who are working in in-telligence, or FBI, that regularly leak information to hurt people who threat-en their power here in Washington, then they could not have a better per-son as special counsel than Robert Mueller, as overseen by Rod Rosen-stein. It points out that ‘‘Mueller took his job not at the behest of the man who by all accounts he is likely to profes-sionally and personally disdain, Donald Trump, but of the blue-chip Beltway elite of which he is a charter member. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosen-stein appointed him nearly a year ago to lead an investigation without pa-rameters. That’s because Mueller’s job is to obscure the abuses of the U.S. sur-veillance apparatus that occurred under the Obama administration. ‘‘The fact that someone at the level of former FBI Director was called in to sweep up the mess left by bad actors in the Bureau and Central Intelligence Agency and other parts of the intel-ligence bureaucracy suggests that the problems are even worse than pre-viously thought. And that means the constituency from Mueller’s political intervention is enormous.’’ Mueller is said to believe that the Eric Prince meeting, the reference back in January of 2017 with the Rus-sian banker—that would be well after the election, obviously—was to set up a back channel with the Kremlin. b2130 But that makes no sense. According to the foundational text of the collu-sion narrative, the dossier allegedly written by former British spy Chris-topher Steele, the Kremlin had cul-tivated Trump himself for years. So what is the purpose of a back channel when, supposedly, Vladimir Putin already had a key to the front door of Mar-a-Lago? Further, the collusion thesis holds that the Trump circle teamed with high-level Russian officials for the pur-pose of winning the 2016 election. How does a meeting that Erik Prince had a week before Trump’s inaugura-tion advance the crooked election vic-tory plot? It doesn’t. It contradicts it. Erik Prince may well be involved with ques-tionable practices that would make people’s blood run cold—and he talks some about Erik Prince—but the idea that whenever anyone who supported Trump, or even voted for him, met with a Russian national, the dish on the menu was treason is the stuff of Cold War ‘‘B’’ movies. But it is also evidence of something more than pros-ecutorial overreach. The fact that Mueller has zeroed in on Prince points to a key motive be-hind his ongoing investigation. And he talks about Prince was thrown into the middle of Russiagate after an April 3, 2017, Washington Post story reported his meeting with the Russian banker. But how did anyone know about the meeting? After the story came out, Prince said he was shown specific evidence by sources from the intelligence commu-nity that the information was swept up in the collection of electronic commu-nications and his identity was un-masked. The U.S. official or officials who gave his name to the The Wash-ington Post broke the law when they leaked classified information. Then on further it says Mueller pre-sumably knows whether Prince’s name was indeed unmasked and then leaked to the press, and that the leak was a crime. Mueller certainly knows that most of the case he has regarding Rus-sian interference in the 2016 election was built by abuses of the foreign intel-ligence surveillance apparatus and other related crimes that are punish-able with jail time. The identity of Trump’s short-term National Security Advisor, Michael Flynn, was swept up and leaked to the press in the same way as Prince’s. It was leaked to the same newspaper, The Washington Post. As I explained last week, the identity of Attorney General Jeff Sessions was also unmasked from an intelligence intercept and leaked to The Washington Post. The fact that the FBI had secured a Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act warrant on Carter Page was also leaked to The Washington Post. The warrant on Car-ter Page was secured on the basis of findings in the Christopher Steele dos-sier, an unverified piece of opposition research paid for by the Clinton cam-paign and Democratic National Com-mittee. As Director of the FBI during the post-9/11 period, when foreign intel-ligence surveillance and its abuses made regular, front-page headlines, Mueller knows exactly how the system can be abused and what the penalties are. He also recognizes that Russiagate is evidence of how it was abused and who abused it, including some of the same people he worked with during his 12-year tenure as FBI Director. The purpose of the Mueller inquiry is, therefore, not to investigate the most ludicrously seeming charges in the Christopher Steele dossier, but to protect the institution of the FBI, former colleagues, as well as the Na-tional Security Surveillance System. Therefore, the inquiry has to cover up the sinful origins of the collusion nar-rative itself, which was borne in re-peated abuses of power and subsequent crimes committed by U.S. officials in the intelligence bureaucracy and the Obama administration. So, Mr. Speaker, regardless of what anybody thinks of President Donald Trump—and I know there are some Re-publicans who are unhappy that he was elected President and want him gone at all costs. And I know that most of the Democrats I know, it just grieves them to no end that he was elected; they want him gone at all costs. But at some point Members of Congress in the House and Senate have got to wake up to the fact that we have crimes being committed in the FBI and in our intel-ligence apparatus. There are people who are being paid with government checks who are out to destroy people who disagree with their power grabs and their crimes. This article points out Mueller’s in-vestigation has got to drag on as long as necessary to prevent any of the peo-ple who have committed the crimes of leaking and other crimes—leaking, lying, perjury, obstructing justice, try-ing to create an insurance policy to take out a sitting President of the United States. It is time we wake up. When elected officials in this city have to fear for their political lives by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.079 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1696 March 19, 2018 
people who they have given power in the FBI, DOJ, CIA, NSA, then the sys-tem is broken. It is out of control. And it is how you lose a democratic repub-lic like we have, or like we used to have. It is time to get it under control. Mueller is not the answer. He is the problem. He is the poster child for the problem that he has created during his entire tenure. And if he had any de-cency, he would have never accepted this special prosecution on anything involving Russia because he had been involved in that investigation and be-cause he remained silent or perhaps spoke up to keep it hush-hush. But he and Rosenstein both, they should have stopped the sale of 20 per-cent of our uranium to a national enemy. Apparently the Obama admin-istration was so intent on that reset because they felt like, you know, George W. Bush just overreacted; all Putin did was invade Georgia, one country invading another smaller, weaker country. They felt like Bush overreacted and said: You shouldn’t be doing this; put some sanctions in place. So they wanted to show: We are just fine with you invading adjoining coun-tries. Maybe even those that don’t ad-join. But, sure, at least adjoining coun-tries. Whether they knew it or not, they gave the green light to Putin to invade Crimea, to invade Ukraine. And they gave the green light—they had to know this, because it was part of what they did—to the sale of 20 percent of our uranium to a country that most re-cently had its dictatorial leader brag-ging that he had missiles that he could put those nukes on that the United States couldn’t stop. And those nukes can be tipped—at least 20 percent of them—with what Hillary Clinton, Mueller, Rosenstein had to be complicit in giving them, in letting them have. This is serious stuff. But until the leakers and the abusers of our intel-ligence system are brought to justice, then nobody who believes in represent-ative government is safe. We end up like China, like Russia, where you are scared to death of the people behind the scenes, behind the government, or even the dictatorial leader because you know they made you and they can de-stroy you. And when the free press is not free, they are complicit in the assisting of the committing of crimes by gladly ac-cepting the leaks, publishing them to complete the crime, we are in big trou-ble. So I would say, if Mueller had any de-cency, he would just resign. And he doesn’t even have to explain how wrong it was for him to accept the appoint-ment. I had hoped that the damage he did to the FBI would have come to an end when his 10 years were up. But, oh, no. President Obama was so thrilled with the things he was doing, he ex-tended his term 2 years and pushed it through Congress. People wouldn’t listen to me when I said: Oh, no, this is not a guy you want for 2 more years. He has done enough damage. And any Republican who says, ‘‘Oh, he will be fair,’’ is either desperately wanting President Trump gone or is in-tentionally ignoring the facts of Mueller’s background from the days as the assistant U.S. attorney in charge of crime in Boston, up through the present. There are a lot of innocent people who lie in his wake. Some of them got multimillion-dollar settlements for the damage Mueller did to them, but most didn’t even get an apology. Mueller couldn’t be bothered with how many millions were paid out in Boston be-cause of what he oversaw. He couldn’t be bothered with the $5.8 million that was paid to Hatfill because the FBI, under Mueller, and under his direction, apparently—from what the article said, he took direct oversight over the Hatfill investigation, assuring, when there was no evidence that he com-mitted any wrong, that he was still the one. It is time that Mueller’s investiga-tion come to an end. I think Lee Smith had it right. I think the article by Dan-iel John Sobieski had things right. We have already had an investigation of Russian collusion, and it was done by U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein and FBI Director Robert Mueller, and they shut her down, shut up the information so the Clinton Foundation could be the beneficiary. And goodness’ sake, they were big-time beneficiaries. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. P
OEof Texas (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. J
ONES (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of the need to be with his wife of 51 years, who is un-dergoing surgery, and to care for her during the initial stages of her recov-ery. Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and March 20. 
f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 15, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill. 
H.R. 1177. To direct the Secretary of Agri-culture to release on behalf of the United States the condition that certain lands con-veyed to the City of Old Town, Maine, be used for a municipal airport, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m.), under its previous order and pur-suant to House Resolution 788, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, March 20, 2018, at 10 a.m., for morning-hour debate, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable LOUISE MCINTOSH  S
LAUGHTER . 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4288. A letter from the Acting Congres-sional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Viruses, Serums, Toxins, and Analogous Products; Expiration Date Required for Serial and Subserials and De-termination of Expiration Date of Product [Docket No.: APHIS-2009-0028] (RIN: 0579- AD06) received March 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 4289. A letter from the Acting Congres-sional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Importation of Cam-panula spp. Plants for Planting in Approved Growing Media From Denmark Into the United States [Docket No.: APHIS-2016-0051] (RIN: 0579-AE31) received March 15, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4290. A letter from the Director, National Institute of Food Agriculture, Office of Grants and Financial Management, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Hispanic-Serving Ag-ricultural Colleges and Universities (HSACU) Certification Process (RIN: 0524-AA39) re-ceived March 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4291. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting a draft of proposed legislation, titled the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 4292. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s 2017 Merger Decisions Re-port, pursuant to Sec. 18(c)(9) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. 4293. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Division of Regulatory Services, Of-fice of the General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final regulations — Student Assistance Gen-eral Provisions, Federal Perkins Loan Pro-gram, Federal Family Education Loan Pro-gram, William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program, and Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education Grant Pro-gram [Docket ID: ED-2017-OPE-0112] (RIN: 1840-AD28) received February 28, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 4294. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Trinexapac-ethyl; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0365; FRL- 9973-20] received March 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.080 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1697 March 19, 2018 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4295. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to Method 301: Field Validation of Pollutant Measurement Methods from Various Waste Media [EPA- HQ-OAR-2016-0069; FRL-9975-62-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AT17) received March 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4296. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Implementa-tion Plans; State of Iowa; Elements of the Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2012 Particulate Matter (PM2.5) National Ambi-ent Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) [EPA- R07-OAR-2017-0517; FRL-9975-68-Region 7] re-ceived March 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4297. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Implementa-tion Plans; State of Iowa; Elements of the Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) [EPA-R07-OAR- 2017-0208; FRL-9975-69-Region 7] received March 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4298. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Air Quality Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollutants; City of Philadel-phia; Control of Emissions from Existing Sewage Sludge Incineration Units [EPA-R03- OAR-2017-0509; FRL-9975-38-Region 3] re-ceived March 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4299. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Air Quality Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollutants; City of Philadel-phia; Control of Emissions from Existing Hospital/Medical/Infectious Waste Inciner-ator Units [EPA-R03-OAR-2017-0453; FRL- 9975-33-Region 3] received March 14, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4300. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report covering the period from November 9, 2017, to January 8, 2018 on the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 107-243, Sec. 4(a); (116 Stat. 1501) and 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 102-1, Sec. 3 (as amended by Pub-lic Law 106-113, Sec. 1000(a)(7)); (113 Stat. 1501A-422); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 4301. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s reporting on designations of entities of particular con-cern, pursuant to Sec. 301 of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act of 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4302. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report to Congress on the Millennium Challenge Corporation’s FY 2017 obligations and expenditures for assistance provided to each eligible country, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 7712; Public Law 108-199, Sec. 613(a); (118 Stat. 221); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4303. A letter from the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Regulations, Areas of the National Park System, Rocky Mountain National Park; Bicycling [NPS-ROMO-24625; PPIMROMO6A PPMRSNR1Z.Y00000] (RIN: 1024-AE31) received February 28, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5131. A bill to improve the effec-tiveness of Federal efforts to identify and ad-dress homeland security risks to surface transportation, secure against vehicle-based attacks, and conduct a feasibility assess-ment of introducing new security tech-nologies and measures, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–602). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5099. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security a fusion center technical assistance program (Rept. 115–603). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5089. A bill to improve threat in-formation sharing, integrated operations, and law enforcement training for transpor-tation security, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–604). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4176. A bill to strengthen air cargo security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–605). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5079. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to require the De-partment of Homeland Security to develop an engagement strategy with fusion centers, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–606). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5074. A bill to authorize cyber incident response teams at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–607). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4467. A bill to require the Fed-eral Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strategies, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–608). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4227. A bill to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to examine what actions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–609). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5094. A bill to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to improve sus-picious activity reporting to prevent acts of terrorism, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–610). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5081. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Transportation Security Administration the Surface Transportation Security Advi-sory Committee, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–611). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4851. A bill to establish the Kennedy-King National Historic Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–612). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 787. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4566) to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act to provide relief to nonbanks from certain stress test require-ments under such Act; providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 5247) to authorize the use of eligible investigational drugs by eligible patients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible illness, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 613). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 5323. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to establish an exemption from the credit valuation adjustment calculation for uncleared derivatives transactions with end- users so that United States companies are not disadvantaged, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 5324. A bill to improve school safety and mental health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 5325. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to reauthorize regional eco-nomic and infrastructure development pro-grams; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself and Mr. H
UNTER ): H.R. 5326. A bill to amend titles 14 and 46, United States Code, to make technical cor-rections with respect to Coast Guard and shipping authorities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico): H.R. 5327. A bill to amend title V of the Public Health Service Act to establish a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MR7.000 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1698 March 19, 2018 
grant program to create comprehensive opioid recovery centers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 5328. A bill to authorize the return of surplus property, including Federal land, to the government of Guam, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. B ARTON , and Ms. D
EGETTE ): H.R. 5329. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and en-hance the poison center national toll-free number, national media campaign, and grant program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5330. A bill to provide for the imposi-tion of sanctions on persons who are officials of the Government of Iran or persons acting on behalf of that Government who are re-sponsible for or complicit in human rights abuses committed against citizens of the United States or United States legal perma-nent resident aliens; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on the Judiciary, Ways and Means, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 5331. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to provide for additional disclosure requirements with respect to con-tent from registered foreign agents; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GROTHMAN (for himself and Mrs. H
ANDEL ): H.R. 5332. A bill to improve school safety; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. B
UR-
GESS, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mrs. D IN-
GELL ): H.R. 5333. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to cer-tain nonprescription drugs that are mar-keted without an approved new drug applica-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself and Ms. T
SONGAS ): H.R. 5334. A bill to repeal the funding au-thorization sunset and the total funding cap for the Essex National Heritage Area; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-self, Mr. G
OODLATTE , and Mr. N AD-
LER): H.R. 5335. A bill to make technical amend-ments to update statutory references to pro-visions reclassified to title 34, United States Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TONKO: H. Res. 788. A resolution expressing the profound sorrow of the House of Representa-tives on the death of the Honorable Louise McIntosh Slaughter; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself and Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota): H. Res. 789. A resolution expressing support for designation of April 2018 as ‘‘Second Chance Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. NOEM: H. Res. 790. A resolution providing for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2193), a bill to grant States authority to enforce State and local sales and use tax laws on remote trans-actions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules. f MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
169. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Maine, rel-ative to H.P. 1279 Joint Resolution, memori-alizing the President of the United States and the United States Congress to exclude the State of Maine from offshore oil and gas drilling and exploration activities; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. 170. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-resentatives of the State of Michigan, rel-ative to House Resolution No. 222, to express support for the Thunder Bay National Ma-rine Sanctuary and oppose any reduction in its boundaries; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. 171. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, relative to a resolution memorializing the United States Department of the Interior to limit the proposed expansion of the National Outer Continental Shelf oil and gas leasing pro-gram and to protect the waters off the coasts of the Commonwealth and New England; which was referred to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 5323. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Subsection 3: to regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the Several States, and with Indian Tribes By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 5324. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing powers, and all other power vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 5325. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 5326. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 5327. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 5328. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2; Article I, Section 8, Clause 17; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 5329. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5330. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 5331. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5332. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 5333. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the Power . . .’’ to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 5334. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 5335. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution confers on Congress the authority to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying into execution the powers vested by the Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. This legislation makes technical amend-ments to update statutory references to cer-tain provisions classified to title 34, United States Code, as necessary to keep the title current and make technical corrections and improvements. Making revisions to the United States Code is a necessary role of Congress with respect to executing the pow-ers vested by the Constitution in the govern-ment of the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 103: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 299: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 504: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 548: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 686: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 741: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 846: Mr. S
HIMKUS and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 881: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 942: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1017: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 1054: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1206: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 1267: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 1279: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MR7.100 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1699 March 19, 2018 
H.R. 1375: Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 1444: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 1530: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1556: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 1596: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1606: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 1661: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1817: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1820: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 1828: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1861: Mr. W
OMACK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. B
ARTON , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. N UNES , Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 1884: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 1904: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 1928: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 1953: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2055: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2147: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2242: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2276: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 2439: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 2556: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 2583: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 2584: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah and Ms. K AP-
TUR. H.R. 2599: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 2851: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 2856: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 3207: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 3301: Mr. B
UCK, Mr. S OTO, and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 3330: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 3349: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER and Mr. H IGGINS  of New York. H.R. 3520: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3545: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 3577: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3605: Mr. P
OEof Texas and Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska. H.R. 3635: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3642: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 3654: Mr. V
ELA, Mr. V ARGAS , Miss R ICE of New York, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3666: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 3692: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3847: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 3883: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 3962: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C
OHEN , and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3988: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 3999: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 4024: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4052: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 4067: Mr. R
OYCE of California. H.R. 4099: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 4143: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 4215: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 4227: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 4229: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 4241: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 4265: Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. W OODALL , and Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 4267: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 4392: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 4471: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 4548: Ms. M
ENGand Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4575: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4649: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 4659: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 4673: Mrs. W
AGNER and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 4677: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 4706: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4775: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia. H.R. 4800: Mr. C
OSTA and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 4846: Mr. W
ALZand Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 4851: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4886: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 4915: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 4922: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 4949: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 5004: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5012: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida and Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 5041: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5065: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 5097: Mr. D
AVIDSON . H.R. 5102: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5124: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 5139: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 5153: Mr. H
UIZENGA . H.R. 5161: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 5164: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 5180: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5199: Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. G
OHMERT , and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 5210: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. H
URD. H.R. 5218: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 5247: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 5264: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 5272: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 5275: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama and Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 5283: Mr. G
OODLATTE and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 5292: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 5315: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 5321: Mr. N
ORMAN . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H. Con. Res. 70: Mr. K
HANNA . H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. C AL-
VERT , and Mr. K HANNA . H. Res. 69: Mr. BARR. H. Res. 282: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H. Res. 318: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H. Res. 370: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H. Res. 403: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H. Res. 570: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 763: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H. Res. 768: Mr. T
AKANO . H. Res. 772: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H. Res. 775: Mr. P
OSEY . H. Res. 777: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida, Ms. M OORE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Mr. M EEKS . H. Res. 781: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H. Res. 786: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. K APTUR . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. WALDEN  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 5247 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative W
ATERS (CA) or a designee to H.R. 4566, the Alleviating Stress Test Burden to Help Investors Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
89. The SPEAKER presented a petition of city Council of Akron, OH, relative to Reso-lution No. 64-2018, calling on the Ohio Gen-eral Assembly to enact a ban on the sale of assault-style weapons, ammunition maga-zines in excess of ten rounds, and modifica-tions that simulate automated fire such as bump stocks and trigger cranks; and declar-ing an emergency; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.025 H19MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1773 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 19, 2018 No. 47 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Most high God, You are the great King of the Earth. Nations must sub-mit to Your sovereignty, for You hold the hearts of national and global lead-ers in Your hands. May our lawmakers remember that You can show them a way out of any difficulty, empowering them to not give up. Remind them that the tests they face are similar to what other generations have experienced and that You will enable them to prevail as You have done in the past. Lord, thank You for Your faithful-ness, mercy, and love. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
ALLOW STATES AND VICTIMS TO FIGHT ONLINE SEX TRAF-FICKING ACT OF 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 1865, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 339, H.R. 1865, a bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sexual ex-ploitation of children or sex trafficking, and for other purposes. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
SENATE AGENDA  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, this is the start of another busy week in the Senate. We have a lot to accomplish for the American people. This week, we will take up an omni-bus that builds on the bipartisan fund-ing agreement we reached back in Feb-ruary. It will provide our Armed Forces with the stable funding they need to meet emerging challenges. Among other important matters, it will also strengthen our fight against the scourge of opioid addiction—an issue the President has already de-clared a public health emergency and is continuing to address today up in New Hampshire. We have several concrete opportuni-ties to make America safer and more secure. First, we will vote on the con-firmation of Kevin McAleenan, the President’s nominee for Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Mr. McAleenan is a 16-year veteran of the CBP. He served under administra-tions of both parties. His nomination carries the unflinching support of a bi-partisan group of leaders and was thor-oughly vetted in committee. Ensuring our national security means steady control over what and who comes across our borders. I would urge every-one to join me in voting to confirm him later today. Later this week, the Senate will turn to another important matter relating to America’s safety and security. We will take up legislation to combat the evil of sex trafficking. Keeping chil-dren safe from exploitation has been a key focus for several of us going back some years. In 1984, I advocated the passage of the Missing Children’s As-sistance Act. In the 1990s, I was proud to introduce measures that mandated centralized reporting for missing chil-dren’s cases and created a national database and screening system to iden-tify abusers. In 2003, I joined a number of colleagues as founding members of the Senate Caucus on Missing, Ex-ploited and Runaway Children. As re-cently as 2015, the Senate passed the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. This week, it is time to build on those achievements and take another step. It is time to confront the reality that trafficking has largely moved from the street corner to the smartphone. From 2010 to 2015, the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children saw re-ports of suspected child sex trafficking increase more than eightfold. Last year alone, more than 8,500 cases were re-ported to the National Human Traf-ficking Hotline. Part of the problem is a 1996 communications law that is being misused to protect websites that knowingly facilitate sex trafficking. The legislation before the Senate will reform that law and ensure these insti-tutions can be held accountable for fa-cilitating these heinous crimes. Sen-ator P
ORTMAN has worked long and hard on this subject. He has helped as-semble a broad, bipartisan coalition. I would urge everyone to join me in voting to advance this legislation later this afternoon. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, now, on one final mat-ter, the good news about tax reform keeps piling up. Here is one important headline from just a few days ago. ‘‘U.S. consumer confidence hits 14-year high.’’ That is right; tax reform is con-tributing to a dynamic, growing econ-omy, and Americans are taking notice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.000 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1774 March 19, 2018 
In fact, according to the Wall Street Journal, ‘‘Optimism improved mark-edly for households in the bottom third of income distribution.’’ Remember that the next time my friends across the aisle claim tax reform is only help-ing the big guys. It is just a political talking point. In the real world, businesses large and small are thriving. In my home State of Kentucky, Goodwood Brewing Company has crunched the numbers and expects a tax reform savings of $30,000. They are planning to use it to purchase new equipment and hire new employees. According to the CEO, Ted Mitzlaff, tax reform is offering ‘‘a sig-nificant benefit—hardly crumbs.’’ Last Wednesday, President Trump visited a Boeing manufacturing facility in St. Louis to hear how tax reform is helping those Americans. For Boeing’s workers, tax reform means a new $300 million investment in workforce devel-opment, training, philanthropy, and workplace improvements, but the President didn’t just hear from the hometown crowd. Bonnie Brazzeal works in the cafe-teria at the College of the Ozarks—that is in Southwest Missouri, more than 250 miles away from St. Louis. Bonnie made the trip to tell President Trump: ‘‘I work in the cafeteria at [the] Col-lege of the Ozarks alongside the hard- working students and I am grateful for the bonus. . . . I put mine in savings for my retirement.’’ Renee Crooker, also at the College of the Ozarks, said: ‘‘This bonus could not have come at a better time.’’ Her daughter was gravely ill but out of the country. Renee’s tax reform bonus enabled her to fly to her daughter’s bedside. Brandon Pister is a supervisor at Mid-Am Metal Forming. He received a tax bonus too. It helped him afford the deductible when his 2- year-old son needed surgery. These Americans’ tax reform stories are amazing and so is the fact that only one Senator from Missouri voted to help all this good news happen. Their senior Senator joined Democrats in a party-line vote to block tax reform and keep Washington’s foot on the brake of our economy. When Demo-cratic leaders called these historic middle-class tax cuts crumbs, the sen-ior Senator from Missouri followed suit and called them scraps. I am proud that Republicans, includ-ing Missouri’s junior Senator, looked past this partisan rhetoric and stood up for the middle-class families who deserve to keep more of their own money. Because we did, Bonnie, Renee, Brandon, and millions more hard-work-ing Americans are already reaping the benefits. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. FIX NICS BILL  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I am pleased to learn that Senator C
ORY B
OOKER , our colleague from New Jer-sey, is the 73rd cosponsor of the Fix NICS bill, which I have introduced and which I hope will be passed out of the Senate soon. This bill is designed to fix the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System, which, if it had been working the way it was designed to, would have caught the shooter at Sutherland Springs, perhaps saving the lives of 26 people who lost their lives in that little Baptist church outside of San Antonio; 20 more were shot and will suffer those wounds the rest of their lives. Today the news brought us the fact that apparently there had been a rec-ommendation by mental health profes-sionals that Nikolas Cruz, the shooter in Parkland, FL, be committed for in-voluntary treatment, but apparently that never materialized. That was the recommendation, but it never actually happened. If that had happened, under the current law, his name would have been included in the Florida upload of background check information, and that would have prevented him from le-gally buying a firearm. So we are starting to see the dif-ferent data points that begin to paint a picture of the sorts of things that we could do here in Washington, DC, to save lives in these future mass shoot-ing events. We know the President has said to the Department of Justice that he wants bump stocks banned. Of course, that was the instrument used to kill dozens of people in Las Vegas and injure 851 more. So by addressing things like the background check system, improving the mental health response, elimi-nating the bump stock—which takes a semiautomatic weapon and makes it operate essentially like an automatic weapon—and by providing assistance to our schools so that they can harden themselves against potential attacks, we can begin to see a picture of the sorts of things we ought to be doing to prevent future mass shootings like the one we saw most recently in Parkland, FL. It is simply our responsibility to make sure we do everything we hu-manly can. I know that after these horrific events, people throw up their hands and say: We need to do something. Well, we need to do something that matters and that will save lives in the future. I think we now begin to have a picture of the sorts of things we can do, starting with the passage of the Fix NICS background check system. It is the only piece of legislation I know of that now has 73 cosponsors, with Sen-ator B
OOKER of New Jersey being added as the 73rd today. It is the only bill I know of that has that kind of broad, widespread support and that will actu-ally, if implemented, save lives. Mr. President, this week we will be discussing another important subject— one that perhaps people do not want to hear about; rather, they would prefer that it not exist at all because it is a manifestation of evil. The subject is online sex trafficking. Unfortunately, it happens in the shadows of our soci-ety. Today, the internet and other forms of technology have made certain forms of predatory, perverted behavior easier to engage in without getting caught. The legislation we are voting on this week aims to protect our children, pro-vide justice to victims of human traf-ficking, and to make sure Federal laws do not protect profiteering web do-mains where sex trafficking occurs. The Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act, or SESTA, would allow sex traf-ficking victims to have their day in court by eliminating Federal liability protections for technology providers that knowingly—knowingly—facilitate online sex trafficking. It would allow State and local law enforcement to in-vestigate and prosecute providers that violate Federal sex trafficking laws. I am proud to be one of the original cosponsors of this legislation and to have been working on it with my col-leagues to get it to this point today. The bill was introduced last summer after a 2-year inquiry by the Perma-nent Subcommittee on Investigations, which culminated in a report. The re-port found not only that sex traf-ficking has run rampant in certain on-line spaces but also that websites have tried to cover it up. Well, no longer. Last fall, the Senate Commerce Com-mittee unanimously approved SESTA, and the House passed it last month. This week, it is our turn. Senator PORTMAN , the junior Senator from Ohio, has been this bill’s greatest champion since its inception. He has been informing us time and again of the ways in which sex trafficking has moved—as he likes to say it—from the street corner to the smartphone. He spoke on the floor earlier this year and reminded us that even as technology develops and gives us new opportuni-ties to learn, to innovate, and to con-nect with one another, it is not an un-alloyed good. In the wrong hands, by the wrong people, it can be misused. As Senator P
ORTMAN urged us, we need to shine a light onto the ‘‘dark side of the internet,’’ an area he called a ‘‘stain on our national character.’’ He is abso-lutely right, of course. The buying and selling of young people for sex is a moral scourge, and how we respond is a measure of our national conscience. In the committee’s investigation, one website in particular came up over and over and over again; that is, backpage.com, which is responsible for perhaps three-quarters of all child traf-ficking reports—three-quarters. It eventually became clear that even though that site was actively helping to sell young women for sex and even though the victims and their families were suing backpage.com in response, none of the lawsuits were successful be-cause of what some people are coming to believe is an outdated immunity for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.001 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1775 March 19, 2018 
technology providers under a Federal law known as the Communications De-cency Act. Courts have repeatedly em-phasized that the broad reach of one section of that statute protects websites that help to buy and sell un-derage girls for sex. Judges across the country have said it is up to Congress to change the law, and now it is our time to do just that. The original law was intended to pro-tect free speech, which, of course, is important. I, of course, like all of our colleagues, am a firm believer in the First Amendment, but free speech is no license to engage in illegal activity. Free speech can’t be used as an excuse to offer young people into sexual ser-vitude. And the internet cannot be a safe place for terrorists and child sex traffickers. At last count, 67 Senators have joined this effort as cosponsors. We are joined by anti-human trafficking advo-cates, law enforcement organizations, State attorneys general, the civil rights community, faith-based groups, and tech companies like Facebook and Oracle. We have all made clear that we stand behind SESTA. I hope our colleagues will join me in voting for this important legislation this week and ensure that websites and online platforms can be held account-able for facilitating sex trafficking. 
YEMEN RESOLUTION  
On another matter, Mr. President, this week, the Senate may vote on a privileged resolution offered by three of our colleagues—the junior Senators from Utah, Vermont, and Con-necticut—which would direct the Presi-dent to cut off financial support and other support for the Saudi-led coali-tion in Yemen. This, of course, is a proxy war, in many ways, between Iran, which has intervened in the civil war in Yemen, and—not only to allow the Saudis the means to defend them-selves against incursions and attacks by the Houthis, Iranian-backed rebels, but also to facilitate our relationship with the Saudis and the Emirates, which is very important in terms of our anti-ISIS and anti-al-Qaida effort, with cells of these organizations lo-cated in Yemen too. Our support, of course, is already narrowly circumscribed—our support for the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen. General Mattis, our Secretary of De-fense, has described this as our alter-native to putting American boots on the ground. We operate by, with, and through our allies by providing logistical support, intelligence, and some technical advice. Currently, in Yemen it takes the forms intelligence- sharing, military advice, and logistical support, such as air-to-air refueling. This is very clearly noncombatant sup-port, at least as traditionally defined and historically known, and it is meant to improve processes and procedures and increase compliance with the international law of armed conflict. The very support we are providing aids in mitigating civilian casualties and the deteriorating humanitarian crisis brought on by the Iranian-backed Houthis. I know the Presiding Officer has been leading the charge on address-ing the humanitarian crisis there, which is mind-boggling, to be sure. Contrary to the resolution’s spon-sors’ claims, though, the U.S. military is not engaged in hostilities in Yemen, as that term has historically been un-derstood and applied, since it is not in direct conflict or exchanging fire with Houthi forces. Of course, we all share a concern with what is at stake in Yemen and in Saudi Arabia and in the gulf region but also civilian casualties, which this resolution creates problems with. Almost everyone is aware that Yemen has been suffering from a severe humanitarian crisis for years. Were we to remove U.S. targeting and logistical support from the Saudi coalition, then the humanitarian situation could get even worse than it has been. Both political parties recognize the important role the United States plays in support of our partners’ efforts to push back against the malign forces that have been coalescing in Yemen. In fact, President Obama was the one who first implemented the refueling and logistical support policy that remains in effect today. In 2016, Senator MENENDEZ —now the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee—criticized the international community’s failure to address the Iranian-fueled conflicts that included support to a Houthi in-surgency that helped topple the inter-nationally recognized Government of Yemen. Senator M
ENENDEZ went on to say: ‘‘I have a sense we are creating a permissive environment.’’ I agree with Senator M
ENENDEZ that we should not abandon our partners and leave a ‘‘permissive environ-ment’’—a vacuum, a void—for bad ac-tors to fill. If there is one lesson that I thought we learned after 9/11, when 3,000 Ameri-cans were killed when two planes were hijacked—actually, four were hijacked; two went into the World Trade Center, one into the Pentagon, and one landed in Pennsylvania because passengers on the plane overwhelmed the hijackers— what we learned is that what happens in the Middle East does not stay in the Middle East. What happened in Afghan-istan is that the Taliban provided a safe haven for Osama bin Laden and al- Qaida, and they used that safe haven to train and export their terrorist attacks against countries around the world but primarily against the United States. That is what happened on 9/11/2001. That is why we can’t allow a safe haven, a void, in Yemen, not to men-tion the fact that Iran continues to use proxies in places like Lebanon, Syria, and Yemen, among others, to try to fight the United States in a low-grade war that has been going on literally since 1979. I should mention Iraq as one of those countries as well. It is precisely because of the delicate and desperate situation in Yemen that I am making the argument that any consideration to withdraw U.S. troops from fulfilling their limited auxiliary role in this conflict would have broad impacts on our global partnerships and counterterrorism efforts. It is not a de-cision to be made in haste or a decision to be made lightly; therefore, I believe the idea deserves the careful consider-ation of the committee of jurisdiction, the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. If the Senate takes this vote without adequate preparation and de-liberation and passes this resolution, we lose that chance for careful consid-eration. We lose the chance to have the Senate Foreign Relations Committee issue a thoroughly researched and de-liberated recommendation to the en-tire Senate. Even more troubling is the prospect that this resolution could set a prece-dent—one in which a few Members’ pre-ferred policies are prioritized over the normal Senate procedures and more thoughtful committee deliberation, with unintended global impacts. Yemen is not the only place where we are addressing challenges to peace and to our country by, with, and through allies, without Americans engaging in direct hostilities. So this would have unintended global impact. Secretary of Defense James Mattis has voiced his concerns over this reso-lution. In a letter to congressional leadership, he said that new restric-tions on the U.S. military could in-crease civilian casualties and jeop-ardize our partners’ cooperation on counterterrorism efforts. On top of that list would be the Saudis and the Emirates, among others, and other peo-ple are watching as well. And it will re-duce our influence in the key region. He warned that a withdrawal of our noncombat support in Yemen could embolden rebels in the area, enable fur-ther missile strikes on Saudi Arabia, and threaten shipping lanes in the Red Sea—one of the key chokepoints for international commerce—right there on the western border of Yemen. All this combined could stoke the embers of an even greater regional conflict in the Middle East with unknown con-sequences. More importantly, it would damage U.S. credibility and strengthen Iran’s position in Yemen and through-out the Middle East more broadly. I hope our colleagues will think so-berly and thoughtfully about this reso-lution and insist that a fulsome debate take place where it belongs, initially, and that is within the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. I have talked to Senator C
ORKER , the chairman of that committee. He will speak for himself, but I think he certainly believes that the committee can help the Senate make a good decision after giving the committee an opportunity to have hearings and to consider all the in-tended and unintended consequences of this resolution. I know our colleagues who have of-fered the resolution mean well and their intentions are good, but some-times—particularly in the area of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.004 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1776 March 19, 2018 
international conflict and global inter-actions with different countries—our actions beget an unintended con-sequence. I think it is good to be safe in the first place and to take this mat-ter through the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee, where I have every confidence that Senator C
ORKER , as the chairman, and Ranking Member M
ENENDEZ can guide the members of that committee through a process that will help us in the end to make a better decision. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, it has been 32 days since the tragedy in Parkland. I think Senator N
ELSON may be coming to the floor very soon. Frankly, every day since then, there has been a series of tragedies all across this country. On average, 90 people lose their lives every single day to gun vio-lence. There has been, over the course of the last year, a mass shooting, on average, every single day. Most of them aren’t covered in the newspaper, but there is an incident in which four or more people are shot, on average, more than once per day in this coun-try. Of course, it has now been more than 5 years since the devastating tragedy in my State, where 20 first graders lost their lives. This is deeply personal to all of us here in this Chamber. It became very personal to me last week when my 6-year old came home from school to tell me about his active shooter drill. He is 6, and he is in kin-dergarten. In his kindergarten class, they have a small bathroom that all of the kids in the class use. He explained to me that for their active shooter drill, all 25 kids in his classroom—a whole bunch of 5- and 6-year-olds—were shoved inside this tiny, little bathroom together, crunched together, shoulder to shoulder, with the door locked. Imagine how frightening that would be to a 6-year-old child, even if they didn’t completely understand why they were there. He said to me when he got home that night: Daddy, I didn’t like it. In the most powerful, most affluent country in the world, our children should not have to go through that; never mind those who have actually had to face down someone with a gun inside their classroom or inside their school. What is devastating to the parents in Parkland and Sandy Hook, what is dev-astating to the parents in Baltimore, in New Haven, and in Chicago is that we refuse to have a debate on the Sen-ate floor about how we can help ad-dress this epic mass slaughter, this gun violence epidemic in this country. I have been taking pains over the course of the last 6 months to try to reach out across the aisle and find common ground with my colleagues on some commonsense legislation about changes to our gun laws. I am proud to have worked with Senator CORNYN on a small bill that would encourage States to comply with existing law—the Fix NICS Act. It now has over 60 Repub-lican and Democratic cosponsors, enough that it could overcome a clo-ture motion. I have come to the floor today to ask that we come to an agreement—Repub-licans and Democrats—by which we can have an open debate on the issue of gun violence for the American public before we break for a 2-week Easter re-cess. We are going to go back to our States and have a wonderful time with our friends and families, while many others continue to grieve all across this country and many others will enter the ranks of those who grieve be-cause, during the 14 days that we will be away, thousands of people will die from gunshot wounds. I just can’t imagine that we would make a decision to go home at the end of this week without having had a debate on the Senate floor for the American people to see how we can try to respond to this cry, this call from the American public to do something. These kids have been amazing. Lit-erally hundreds of thousands of chil-dren walked out of school last week, and hundreds of thousands more stu-dents and their parents will be here in Washington for marches and at 600 other marches all around the country this weekend. The polls tell us over and over again that 9 out of 10 Americans want us to take bold steps forward. Record num-bers of American citizens believe the laws that exist today are not suffi-cient. This isn’t a controversial issue outside of Washington. It is controver-sial only here, inside this Chamber. If we remain silent, if we refuse to have a debate on the Senate floor, we are fail-ing the people who sent us here. I have come to the floor today to pro-pose a very reasonable path forward so that we can have a debate and some up- or-down votes on proposals this week. From what I understand, there is still a lot of discussion happening with re-spect to the budget. Obviously, we have to get that done by the end of the week, but it is not ready yet, so we have time this week to have a short but meaningful debate on the issue of guns. Here is what I am proposing. I am proposing that we have a unanimous consent agreement whereby we can have a time-limited debate—I would suggest perhaps not more than 6 hours—and at the end of that period of time, we have six votes, three votes propounded by the Democratic side and three votes on measures propounded by the Republican side. I think it is no secret the amend-ments that Senate Democrats would offer. We would want to see a vote on universal commercial background checks to make sure that commercial sales of guns are subject to background checks. That is something President Trump said he was for at the White House, and he has encouraged the Con-gress to work on it. Let’s have an up- or-down vote on background checks. I think Democrats would clearly want to see the bipartisan compromise, which has been worked out by Senator B
LUMENTHAL and Senator G RAHAM with respect to protective orders, red flag orders, come before the Chamber. It simply makes sense that we do what Florida is doing: Pass a law that allows for law enforcement, after a viable court process, to take away weapons temporarily from someone who poses a threat. The problem in Florida was, even if they had done something about this young man, they didn’t have the legal ability to take his weapons away, even if he had made those kinds of threats in public. Florida is correcting that with their new law. We should do the same at the Federal level. On our side, there is also interest in talking about the kinds of weapons that are legal and the kinds of weapons that are not. I am a believer, of course, that there is a class of military-style tactical semiautomatic weapons that are best if they are not in the hands of civilians. Obviously, that issue divides our side too. So if that were to come up for a vote, there will be Democrats for it and Democrats against it. On the other two measures, there will be Republicans for them and Re-publicans against them. Some Repub-licans are for universal background checks; some aren’t. There are many Republicans on record as being for pro-tective orders, and there are others who will not vote for them. We will have no idea, the American public will have no idea, and our con-stituents will have no idea what we are really willing to do and what we are not willing to do unless we have a de-bate. This is our last chance before we go home. What I am proposing, I think, is rea-sonable, practical, and viable. We can get it done—six total amendments to the Fix NICS Act, time limited, per-haps only 6 hours. We could be in and out of that debate in a day. I have talked with my leadership about it. I am confident that Democratic leader-ship would support that path forward, and I propose it to Republican leader-ship tonight, as we enter this week, as a means of having this debate that the American public so badly needs. The alternative is unthinkable—going home, letting over a month pass since Parkland, since this outcry for action from kids across America, and not even attempting to get something done here. I understand this issue is still dif-ficult. I don’t understand why my Re-publican colleagues will not support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.006 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1777 March 19, 2018 
something like background checks, an issue supported by 97 percent of Ameri-cans. It is pretty hard to find anything in America that is supported by 97 per-cent of Americans. Apple pie and Grandma probably don’t get 97 percent approval ratings in this country, but universal background checks do. So, yes, I am frustrated that my Repub-lican colleagues don’t just come to the floor and agree to pass something that has mind-blowing universal support in the public, but what is more offensive is that we don’t even try. What is more offensive to me is that we don’t even make an attempt to put these measures on the floor of the Sen-ate and let them be voted up or down. I don’t want the gun lobby to have veto power over the legislation that gets passed here, but even worse than that is for the gun lobby to have veto power over what we even debate. I propose a total of six amendments and a total of 6 hours of debate. I would argue that is insufficient to meet the moment, but I get it that time is run-ning out, that there is not a lot of in-terest from some Members on the Re-publican side to enter into this debate. So we are very willing to have a short, time-limited debate to see what we can get consensus on and what we can’t get consensus on, and whatever moves out of this building, whatever amendments get passed, then we live with it and live to fight another day. It has been 5 years since the tragedy in my State and now 32 days since Parkland. I don’t think we should wait one day longer before we have an open debate on the Senate floor about how we, as those entrusted with the safety of our children, do something about the epidemic of gun violence in this coun-try. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
ECONOMIC GROWTH , REGULATORY RELIEF , AND 
CONSUMER PROTECTION BILL  
Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I rise today to reflect on the landmark legislation that this body passed with overwhelming bipartisan support last week. It isn’t every day that folks in Congress can work together in a bipar-tisan way to get something done that will benefit Main Streets across rural America, but that is exactly what we did last week. I am very proud of that effort. I say a big thank-you to the chair-man of the Banking Committee, Chair-man C
RAPO , for the work he has done, his ability to listen, his commonsense perspective, and his patience. It would not have happened without those quali-ties that Chairman C
RAPO exhibited. I also want to single out three Sen-ators who worked very hard on this bill. There are a number of others who did, too, but I am just going to men-tion Senators H
EITKAMP , D ONNELLY , and W
ARNER . Those folks did yeoman’s work in bringing into view the chal-lenges that our banking industry has out there, coming up with solutions for those challenges, and coming up with consumer protections to put into this bill to move it forward. There were many others. I think there were 17 or 18 cosponsors on the Democratic side of the aisle, but I say a special thank you to Senators HEITKAMP , DONNELLY , and W
ARNER for their advocacy, input, knowledge, expertise, and their ability to work to get things done. People ask me: Senator T
ESTER , why did you write this bill? Well, I was a part of the folks who wrote this bill for good reason. I remember very well that during the financial crisis, then-Sec-retary of the Treasury Henry Paulson came in—it was in 2008, I believe—and said that we were on the cusp of a fi-nancial meltdown in this country. I re-member some of the free and irrespon-sible activities that were done in the fi-nancial system. I remember bringing regulators in front of the Banking Committee and ripping them up one side and down the other as to why we had gotten into this situation. In the end, we came up with a bill called Dodd-Frank. Dodd-Frank was put together after a lot of public input and a lot of hear-ings, and it was put into effect really to regulate the folks who got us into the situation we were in. At that mo-ment in time, we had banks that were too big to fail, folks who were doing no-doc or low-doc loans, and fore-closures happening everywhere. We put in the regulation. One of the things we heard when we put in the Dodd-Frank regulation was that it was a big bill and that it was going to need to be changed, adapted— however you want to put it—moving forward. I believe that bill was passed in 2009. Here we are 8 or 9 years later, and we look at Dodd-Frank and see that in some cases, it has done exactly as was intended, especially for the larg-er banks. Some could argue that there is more work to be done there. One of the negative things that re-sulted from the Dodd-Frank regulation was that some of that regulation bled down onto our local community banks and credit unions. This is particularly concerning to me because I come from a very rural part of this country. It is a small town where, when my grand-father homesteaded, they had all sorts of options when they marketed their grain. In the 1940s and 1950s, when my folks took over in my small town, I be-lieve there were five grain elevators there. When Sharla and I took over in the late 1970s, there were three. Today, there is one. You ask, why does that have any-thing to do with the banking industry, J
ON? Well, it is consolidation. And the consolidation didn’t happen overnight; it took decades. You end up with less competition in the marketplace when it comes to selling your grains. That same thing could be adapted to what has gone on in our community banks over the last 8 or 9 years, where they have been bought up by bigger banks. The bigger banks will tell you that they have to get bigger to be able to compete with the regulations put on them. So they were bought up, and the same thing will extrapolate out over time. Those folks who say: Well, this isn’t necessary because banks are making a lot of money—look, banks may be oper-ating today, but they are looking into the future, as any good business does, and they are saying to themselves: Do I really have what it takes to stick around? They can see the writing on the wall, and they are selling out be-cause of it. There are no ifs, ands, or buts about this—this will result in less consumer choice and more consolida-tion, making the bigger banks even bigger and really helping the folks who caused the crisis back in 2008—ulti-mately, the biggest of the big banks. We have seen the consolidation at grocery stores, grain elevators, and even bars. The truth is that it isn’t all due to one single thing. The consolida-tion in the financial industry and on the ground isn’t due to just regula-tions. Technology has its impact, and a moving population also has its impact. As I looked at this 5 years ago, I said: If we don’t do something to tweak Dodd-Frank, we are going to end up in a situation where we don’t have con-sumer choice to buy that house or ex-pand that business or start that new business—what entrepreneurs do. So as a policymaker, I thought it was my job to look ahead to the next generation of people who are going to be out there in rural America, whether it is a Main Street small business or a farm or a family who is working for a business. That is why I helped write this bill, be-cause from a rural America perspec-tive, it was the right thing to do, and it was time to do something for the next generation, for our kids and our grandkids, so that they could have the kind of opportunity that, quite frank-ly, my folks and my grandparents had given to my generation. I am not the kind of person who will sit back on the sidelines and complain about stuff over a cup of coffee. When we see a problem, my folks taught me to work and try to fix it. I see a prob-lem, and there is little doubt in my mind that if we had not done what we did last week to give some regulatory relief to community banks and credit unions, things would have continued to get worse in rural America. They still may get worse in rural America, but at least we have done what we needed to do in this body to try to change that. There are some out there who, for whatever reason—and I haven’t quite been able to figure it out yet—are spreading misinformation about this bill. Maybe it is just the day we live in. So let me set the record straight about this bill. This bill does not help the Wall Street banks. It does not. Those who say it does are not correct. This bill does not set us up for another financial crisis. In fact, the authors of the origi-nal Dodd-Frank bill, Chris Dodd and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.008 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1778 March 19, 2018 
Barney Frank—both smart guys whom I admire—wrote: 
As the authors of the original Dodd-Frank reform law, we want all Montanans to know that the banking bill Senator Tester helped write does not dismantle Dodd-Frank as some people claim. Jon knows Montana and challenges facing rural America. While we did not agree with every part of this bill, it helps local credit unions and community banks across Montana while keeping protec-tions in place that are designed to prevent another financial crisis. 
Those are the original authors. That is why it is called Dodd-Frank—be-cause it is from Chris Dodd and Rep-resentative Barney Frank. The other thing the bill does not do is it does not leave banks unregulated. There is implication by some out there that this bill deregulates 25 of the 40 largest banks. To me, that implication is that now they are no longer regu-lated. The fact is, all the banks are highly regulated for safety and sound-ness. Quite frankly, this does not leave banks unregulated. They still have plenty of regulation to go through. In conclusion, the bill we passed last week does several things. I believe it is going to increase access to capital, par-ticularly in rural America. I think it makes the regulation fit the risk, while still continuing to crack down on risky behavior. It has great consumer protec-tion components to it. Last and cer-tainly not least, from my perspective, it is good for rural America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
EB–5 REGIONAL CENTER PROGRAM  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I rise today to bring to my colleagues’ attention an issue that is important to millions of individuals who understand that American citizenship is something that ought to be treasured. The American people understand that our citizenship is a blessing and shouldn’t be given away cheaply. Un-fortunately, for too many years, this body has witnessed the perversion and degradation of a program that sells— yes, we sell citizenship to some people. This program originally had a good purpose. In return for investing money in underserved areas and creating good-paying American jobs, immigrant entrepreneurs could eventually become U.S. citizens. Sadly, in the last decade, this program has been hijacked by big- moneyed New York City real estate in-terests—to be specific, the Real Estate Roundtable. These developers now take almost all the foreign investment from this program, and for the last few years, they have actively prevented this body from enacting any reforms and needed reforms. For those who are not aware, I am talking about the EB–5 Regional Cen-ter Program. I have been fighting in a bipartisan way for years to reform this corrupt and scandal-clad program. I have been fighting to protect our na-tional security, to ensure foreign in-vestment is going to the most deserv-ing areas, and to make sure that Amer-ican citizenship isn’t sold at rock-bot-tom prices in order to feed the addic-tion of New York interests to cheap money. But no matter how hard I fought, each and every time we tried to reform this program, these same moneyed interests have used their po-litical influence and political connec-tions to block any meaningful reforms. This is sickening and is exactly why most American people sometimes ques-tion what we do here in Washington, DC. After more than 3 years of trying to fix this broken and scandal-plagued program, I have finally come to the conclusion that it can’t be fixed, and since it can’t be fixed, the EB–5 Re-gional Center Program needs to be ter-minated. Let me explain to my col-leagues and directly to the American people exactly how I have reached that conclusion. Several years ago, I started working with then-Ranking Member LEAHY of the Judiciary Committee on reforms to the EB–5 Regional Center Program. Through the hard work and dedication of our staffers, we discovered the pro-gram is riddled with fraud and corrup-tion and poses a real and serious threat to our national security. I will explain some of those things we discovered. First, investments can be spent be-fore business plans are approved. Next, regional center operators can charge excessive fees of foreign nation-als in addition to their required invest-ments. Next, none of the jobs created have to be direct or verifiable jobs but rath-er are indirect and based on estimates of economic modeling; again, not knowing for sure if jobs are created. Next, investment funds from foreign sources are not adequately vetted. Gifts and loans from anyone are ac-ceptable sources of funds from foreign nationals. Next, there is no prohibition against foreign governments owning or oper-ating these regional centers or projects. So let me emphasize—that is right—foreign governments can own businesses that sell our citizenship. Now, think about that. Another problem is regional centers don’t have to certify that they comply with security laws. Next, there are no required back-ground checks on anyone associated with the regional centers. Just take this example: One need look no further than the indictment last September of two Chinese fraudsters who stole more than $50 mil-lion in foreign investment and man-aged to sell U.S. citizenship to individ-uals on the Chinese Government’s most wanted list. Next, gerrymandering continues in rural and urban distressed areas and, as a result, lose out. There is no transparency on how funds are spent and who is paid and what investors are told about the projects they invest in. The list can still go on and on and on, but I have given my colleagues just some examples. I could literally speak for hours about the corruption of the program. Faced with this appalling list of fraud, corruption, and national secu-rity loopholes, for 3 years, I have been working with Senator LEAHY and our counterparts in the House of Rep-resentatives to produce real EB–5 re-form. Our staffers have spent countless hours, nights, and weekends meeting with congressional colleagues and in-dustry stakeholders to hammer out a compromise that is fair to all sides, but our offers have constantly been re-jected by the Big Money industries, and related real estate roundtables, every single time—not just this time. We reached a compromise with the vast differences of views to start out but still ended up with a compromise. Somehow, these powerful interests are able step in and stop it. This time has been no different than at least three previous times we have gotten this far. Let me explain how we have been doing this. For the last year, my staff, along with Chairman G
OODLATTE of the House Judiciary Committee, Senator C
ORNYN , and Senator F LAKE —these teams have worked around the clock to produce an EB–5 reform package. Ev-eryone made numerous concessions in order to reach a compromise. After more than 20 meetings, and of course countless hours of drafting, we pro-duced a reform package that was fair to all sides. Our reforms would reau-thorize the Regional Center Program for 6 years, providing the certainty that industry has long said it craves. Our compromise would have perma-nently set aside 3,000 visas for rural and underserved urban areas and would have increased the minimum invest-ment amount to $925,000. In recognition of longstanding industry concerns, we agreed to reduce the investment dif-ferential between nonpriority areas and priority areas to a mere $100,000. Finally, we would have implemented a host of badly needed integrity meas-ures that would have cracked down on investment fraud, cracked down on for-eign corruption, and cracked down on bad business practices. Our reforms had the unanimous sup-port of Invest in the USA, the largest EB–5 trade association. Our reforms had the support of the EB–5 Rural Alli-ance, a group working to ensure that rural America has a fair shake at at-tracting EB–5 money. Why are rural areas such a high con-cern? Because, quite frankly, way back in the 1990s, that was one of the goals of the EB–5 program—to help economic development in rural America, but these reforms weren’t acceptable to the Big Money New York industry stake-holders that currently dominate the program. Because Big Money interests aren’t happy with these reforms, we have been told they will not become law. I have laid out a lot here, letting it sink in for a minute. In spite of the fact that reforms were agreed to by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.010 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1779 March 19, 2018 
congressional offices and had the sup-port of the largest EB–5 trade associa-tion, they will not become law because a few EB–5 businesses, with lots and lots of money and lots and lots of polit-ical power, have used their political connections and influence, once again—for the third time; maybe even the fourth time over a period of that many years—to reach some sort of re-form on a program we have dem-onstrated—I shouldn’t say we have demonstrated—we have repeated what the FBI and national security people and people in the Justice Department have said about the shortcomings of this program. I said, at the beginning of my re-marks, I finally realize this program cannot be reformed. I would have to say this for my present ranking mem-ber, Senator F
EINSTEIN , she has been telling me that for three or four years: Forget about reforming it; we ought to do away with it. The Regional Center Program is simply too corrupted to be saved, and it needs to be ended. The American people deserve better than what we are seeing as a result of hard-working Members of the House and Senate trying to reform this pro-gram and getting nothing done. So what happens here at the last minute? It will get stuck in an omni-bus appropriations bill to extend it again for a period of time with the same bad practices that are going on. Why does that have to happen when it is so obvious what is wrong? I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator W
YDEN and I be permitted to speak for up to 5 minutes each prior to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, this Saturday, students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL, are going to lead hun-dreds of thousands of Americans all around the country in calling for com-monsense gun control measures at the March For Our Lives. Since this terrible shooting in Park-land, FL, on Valentine’s Day, we have seen students all across the country say: Enough. This is a movement that cannot be stopped, and, frankly, we owe it to the students—the next gen-eration—to get this right in the poli-cies and the laws we adopt. Just a few weeks ago, I went to one of the student’s homes in Parkland—a group of them. We talked. Indeed, just last week, a number of the students came to my office here in Washington. It is amazing that at 15, 16, and 17 years old, these students are looking to us in this Congress to, at a minimum, consider legislation that could have prevented the slaughter that happened in Parkland just a month ago. In Florida, we have witnessed these students march on the State capitol and demand action. The legislature lis-tened, in part. They made some changes in the law, like changing the age to 21 to buy an assault rifle. That is the same age in Florida law that says you can’t buy a handgun until age 21. It was a small step, but it was a step in the right direction to address the problem we are confronting, but we need to do more. I am so grateful for the resilience of these students, the power of their voices, and the strength of their activ-ism, moving the lawmakers in Wash-ington and in State capitals all across this country to act. The students, the parents, the teach-ers, all of them we have asked: What do you want? And they say, obviously, we want commonsense things. We can start with universal background checks in the purchase of a weapon. That would then allow, universally, if you have a background check, you couldn’t go to a gun show where there is not a federally licensed dealer and acquire a weapon without having a background check. Why is having a background check a commonsense thing to do? Because you not only pick up someone with a criminal record, you would pick up someone who had a re-straining order for whatever reason—it could be mental, it could be domestic abuse. You would pick up somebody being on the terrorist watch list or you could pick up someone who had been on the terrorist watch list. That was the case with the killer in the Orlando Pulse Night Club shooting. Clearly, that is a commonsense thing to approach this problem. There is another commonsense thing; that is, these military assault rifles with the long—what I call the banana clips. These are clips that are shaped like a banana or even straight ones that hold 30 rounds. You know, there are State laws in the country that if you are going to hunt wild game, there are certain restrictions on the number of shells or bullets you can put in your gun. My goodness, why wouldn’t we want to say there is a limitation on the number of bullets in a clip instead of these long clips that have 30 rounds? It was used even in the shooting out in Arizona that our colleague Congress-woman Gabby Giffords was one of the victims of, and it was when the gun-man was reloading with another clip that he was tackled to the ground; oth-erwise, there would have been more people who would have been harmed that day. So it is another commonsense thing that people are asking for and that these students are bringing to light as they argue this case; that they don’t want to be in a school where they have this kind of violence that is threat-ened. The students, the teachers, the parents just want our schools and our communities to be safe. As we have seen across the country, we have had too much violence with these military- style weapons. Nightclubs, churches, movie theaters, outdoor concerts—it goes on and on. Students want to feel safe, and what some students have wit-nessed is unimaginable. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent for 1 additional minute. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. The velocity of a bullet fired from an assault weapon compared to the velocity of a handgun is three times the velocity or speed of the hand-gun bullet. As a result, when that bul-let hits its target, the energy is nine times that hitting the target than what a handgun bullet does. They built a movement now that in-spires student walks across the coun-try. In just 5 days, they are inspiring marches across the country, and the future is bright because of these stu-dents. But it is up to us to make sure that what happened in Parkland never happens again. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. NOMINATION OF KEVIN MCALEENAN  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, in a few minutes the Senate will vote on the nomination of Mr. Kevin McAleenan to serve as Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. As the ranking Democrat on the committee with jurisdiction over trade policy, I am particularly interested in working with Mr. McAleenan on an issue that is of longstanding, bipar-tisan concern; and that is tougher, smarter enforcement of America’s trade laws. Mr. McAleenan is a longtime public servant, and he has been aware that the Finance Committee has put in many hours over the last few years to guarantee that this agency has tough new tools to fight trade cheats and pro-tect our workers. It is vital that those tools be put to good use because their trade-related mission—defending American jobs from trade rip-offs—has too often gotten short shrift. It doesn’t matter what kind of trade deals you sign or what laws you put on the books if you aren’t serious about enforcing them. That is where their trade mis-sion comes in. In my discussions with this nominee, it is clear that he understands that when it comes to trade, this country has to do trade done right, and tougher trade enforcement is especially impor-tant. I will close with the mention of an-other issue that this agency has seen over the last few months, and that is the onslaught of Americans being stopped at the border and forced to unlock their personal electronic de-vices for inspection. It clearly invades their personal privacy. Senator P
AULand I have introduced bipartisan legislation on this—there is bipartisan legislation in the other body—that recognizes that law enforce-ment should have to get a warrant be-fore searching a device at the border, and it comes with strong protections to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.012 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1780 March 19, 2018 
let Americans know when and how they consent to having their devices searched. In my judgment, this is just common sense, particularly because the U.S. Supreme Court has already ruled that digital is fundamentally different. They did that when they ruled that law enforcement needs a warrant to search a phone after an arrest. We are going to keep pushing for our bipartisan legislation. In the mean-time, we need to work with this agency on this critical issue that ensures, once again, that this country recognizes that security and liberty are not mutu-ally exclusive and that you can have policies that do both. I want to continue to engage with him, if confirmed, to make sure that the constitutional rights of law-abiding Americans do not disappear at the bor-der. As I indicated, he is a public servant with many, many years of experience. I support his nomination. I yield the floor. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Kevin K. McAleenan, of Ha-waii, to be Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Depart-ment of Homeland Security. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the McAleenan nomination? Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OB-
ERTS ), and the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 77, nays 19, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 56 Ex.] YEAS—77 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—19 
Blumenthal Booker Cardin Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Kaine Markey Menendez Merkley Sanders Schatz Schumer Udall Van Hollen Warren 
NOT VOTING—4 
Burr McCain Roberts Toomey 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 339, H.R. 1865, an act to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sexual ex-ploitation of children or sex trafficking, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, John Kennedy, John Cornyn, Dan Sullivan, Joni Ernst, James Lankford, Richard Burr, Johnny Isakson, Thom Tillis, Mike Crapo, Steve Daines, John Hoeven, Tom Cot-ton, Roger F. Wicker, Patrick J. Toomey, Mike Rounds, Rob Portman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 1865, an act to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of inter-active computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relat-ing to sexual exploitation of children or sex trafficking, and for other pur-poses, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. BURR), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OB-
ERTS ), and the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 94, nays 2, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 57 Leg.] YEAS—94 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—2 
Paul Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Burr McCain Roberts Toomey 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 94, the nays are 2. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
ALLOW STATES AND VICTIMS TO FIGHT ONLINE SEX TRAF-FICKING ACT OF 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Cloture having been invoked on the motion to proceed to H.R. 1865, the Senate will re-sume legislative session and consider-ation of the motion to proceed. The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, we just had a vote in this Chamber on a very significant piece of legislation. It was the motion to proceed to it. It was agreed to with good Republican and Democratic majorities, with both sides of the aisle supporting moving to this debate. Because we have cosponsors from both sides of the aisle, I feel confident that we will get to an end point, and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.014 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1781 March 19, 2018 
must. This issue of trafficking human beings is something the Senate must stand up against, particularly because there is a Federal law that now permits trafficking online that otherwise would be considered a criminal act. I want to talk a little about that legislation to-night. We probably will not have the final vote until Wednesday, and some of the information I will provide tonight will be setting the reasons, the basis for doing this legislation. Then, between now and Wednesday, we will have to learn more about the specifics of it, what is happening online, and how the U.S. Senate can step in and provide the legislation to remediate what is an ob-vious problem to anyone who looks at this issue. Human trafficking is such an egre-gious crime. We all, I hope, agree with that. It is also a very lucrative crime— $150 billion a year is the estimate, and that is probably second only to the drug trade in terms of the amount of money involved. Think about this. This is selling human beings. The Senate has taken steps in this body in a bipartisan way over the past 6 or 7 years to focus on this issue, and I certainly commend my colleagues for that. Senator R
ICHARD BLUMENTHAL , a Democrat, and I, as a Republican, started a bipartisan caucus to stop human trafficking about 6 years ago. We started with the two of us, and now there are a couple of dozen. There are many Members who are engaged and involved in this. Over those past 6 years, the Senate has passed legislation to increase the penalties on those who buy children for sex. For the first time in a decade and a half, we increased the Federal pen-alties. We have helped to stop international trafficking by U.S. Government con-tractors overseas with legislation that was signed into law. We have helped with regard to find-ing missing children by requiring for the first time that those missing chil-dren have a photograph attached to them. Unbelievably, until that legisla-tion, most kids in my home State of Ohio and other States who went miss-ing did not have the information pro-vided to law enforcement and others— people who work in shelters, people who are in the juvenile justice sys-tem—to be able to find those children. Why is that so important? Because, as you can imagine, kids who go missing are sometimes the most vulnerable to being trafficked. We also passed legislation to improve the data on trafficking. There is legis-lation called the Sex Trafficking Data and Response Act, which we passed in this body to provide better information about this problem so we could come up with better solutions by under-standing what is going on. Trafficking is in the shadows. It is very profitable, but it is an illicit activity. So that leg-islation was critical. By the way, the primary author of that legislation was Senator R
ON WYDEN of Oregon. Senator W YDEN will probably be on this floor over the next couple of days talking about some of the concerns he has about the online legislation we have, but I want you to know that Senator W
YDEN has been out front on opposing trafficking through this Sex Trafficking Data and Response Act. I was the lead Republican on that legislation, so I worked with him, and I commend him for that. We also passed legislation to change the paradigm in Federal law and treat these children who are trafficked as victims rather than as criminals. The key is to get these young people into treatment, longer term recovery, and deal with what is, as you can imagine, a very traumatic situation—often re-lated to drugs as well, so drug treat-ment. Something that I think is per-haps the most important thing we can do is to understand that these are vic-tims who, in order to get back on their feet, need to be taken from the crimi-nal justice system and put into the kind of treatment they need. Despite efforts here in the Senate— and by others around the country, by the way—to deal with this trafficking issue and raise an awareness of it, un-believably today, as we stand here in this country, we are seeing an increase in one type of trafficking, and that is sex trafficking. You might ask, how could that be possible? We passed all this legislation to help. We have gotten increased consciousness about the issue. People are more aware of the problem, and certainly there is a con-sensus that this is something we ought to crack down on. Yet it is happening. I will tell you what the experts say. They say it is happening for one simple reason, and that is that more and more women and children are being sold on-line—the ruthless efficiency of the internet. So that is where this legisla-tion focuses, and it focuses there be-cause that is where we see the problem. Traffickers are using the internet to sell women and children, and we have a responsibility to act. If we don’t act, we will allow a Federal law that was passed by this body 21 years ago, which I think inadvertently has created part of the problem by shielding these websites, to remain. I will talk more about this later in the week as we get into the specifics of our legislation and why it would ad-dress the problem, but the bottom line is that we have a real problem. The anti-trafficking group Polaris— we recently received its 2017 report. The report illustrates the true nature of the crisis. This is the heat chart put up by Polaris. It shows the locations of cases reported to the National Human Trafficking Hotline last year alone, in 2017. As we can see—and this explains why we see such strong, bipartisan sup-port for our legislation—this is hap-pening everywhere, in every State in the Union. Unfortunately, it is increas-ing, not decreasing, despite all the ef-forts locally and even here at the Fed-eral level. The national hotline that Polaris runs—and I hope to be at that hotline, by the way, later this week, as they are opening a new facility and expanding what they are doing—experienced a 13- percent increase in reported cases na-tionwide just last year. So despite all the efforts, they are actually seeing an increase. In my home State of Ohio alone, 371 cases of human trafficking were reported to the hotlines. Across the country, their hotlines handled a record 8,759 cases in 2017, up from 7,737 reported cases in 2016. Again, these are only the cases that are reported. That doesn’t mean there aren’t many, many more cases out there that are not re-ported to the hotlines. In the 10 years they have operated these hotlines, by the way, human traf-ficking reports have increased 842 per-cent. Again, it is unbelievable that this is happening in this country in this century and increasing. I chair the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. A couple of years ago, being interested in this issue, we started to talk to some of the experts around the country. I met with people back home—particularly the victims of trafficking and some of the survivors— and I kept hearing the same thing from everybody, whether it was the advo-cacy groups for those being trafficked, law enforcement, or the social service agencies that are helping to treat these women and girls who are dealing with the trauma we talked about earlier. The one thing I kept hearing was the word ‘‘backpage.’’ That is just one website, but it seemed as though there were a lot of people being trafficked on that one website. I certainly heard it back home, where these women and girls said to me: Rob, this has moved from the street corner to the smartphone, and backpage is where I was trafficked. Nearly 75 percent of all child traf-ficking reports that the National Cen-ter for Missing and Exploited Children receives from the public involved backpage—75 percent of the reports. Another anti-trafficking organiza-tion called Shared Hope International says that service providers working with child sex-trafficking victims have reported that more than 80 percent of their clients were bought and sold on backpage. We talked earlier about how lucra-tive this business is, but one website seems to have practically monopolized it. With that knowledge, in 2015 the Per-manent Subcommittee on Investiga-tions, led by Ranking Member C
LAIRE  M
CCASKILL from Missouri and me, con-ducted an investigation. We spent 18 months researching this. We looked at every angle of this issue, and specifi-cally we looked into how backpage op-erates. It wasn’t easy because backpage was not willing to cooperate, as you can imagine. What we did find was that the company was far more complicit in these crimes than we had previously thought. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.020 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1782 March 19, 2018 
We subpoenaed backpage for their company documents, and they refused to comply. When you refuse to comply with a subpoena around here, normally we can kind of tell people: Well, if you don’t comply, we will bring the full weight of the criminal law on you. They still wouldn’t comply. So we had to come to the floor of the U.S. Senate to enforce the subpoenas, which hadn’t been done in 21 years around here. For-tunately, when we made our case to our colleagues here in the Senate, ev-eryone in the Senate said: Yes, let’s be sure they do comply by taking this to the criminal justice system and allow-ing our lawyers here to take this case. So we did. We thought, well, we will win a case at the district court level, which we did, and that will be it. No, they ap-pealed that. We won a case at the cir-cuit court level, and we thought that was it. No, they appealed that. Are you getting the drift here that they did not want to supply these documents and did not want to testify? Finally, we took it all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States, and the Su-preme Court agreed with us and told them that they had to comply, with the threat of criminal sanctions if they did not. Having won that, we then found our-selves in possession of over 1 million pages of documents. In other words, they flooded us with documents, and our lawyers did a good job going through them. Through this investiga-tion, we found what some of us had kind of thought might be the case, which was that this company was actu-ally complicit. In other words, they knew what they were doing, and they were knowingly facilitating criminal sex trafficking of vulnerable women and children. They actually coached traffickers on how to edit the adult classified ads to post so-called clean ads for these illegal transactions. Then, of course, they would cover up evidence of those crimes in order to in-crease their own profits. In 2006, as an example, backpage ex-ecutives instructed staff to edit the text of adult ads—not to take them down, mind you, but to edit them— which is exactly how they facilitated this type of trafficking. By October 2010, backpage executives had a formal process in place, we learned through all these documents, of both manual and automated deletion of incriminating words and phrases in ads. This is an email from one of backpage’s executives in 2010. It says: 
I’m attaching a spreadsheet with the most current list of coded items to be stripped out. Email your lists to me by the end of the day. . . . Thanks. 
In other words, they were telling these people who were posting ads: Oh, you can’t say this word or that word because then law enforcement will know that we are engaged in selling underaged girls online. So they told them to take out those words. It is un-believable. What kinds of words were stripped out of the ads, allowing sex trafficking posts to stay up without violating the posting words? These are the kinds of words they took out: ‘‘teenage,’’ ‘‘little girl,’’ ‘‘school girl.’’ ‘‘Cheerleader’’ was one of them. For those of you who are literary types, one was ‘‘Lolita,’’ which is a novel about an underaged girl and an older man, and also ‘‘fresh’’ and ‘‘AMBER Alert.’’ These are the kinds of people we are dealing with here. Once these incrimi-nating words were removed, the posts could then go on the website. That is how backpage coached the traffickers on how to get away with their crimes. Again, this filter didn’t stop the ads, even though they knew it was illegal activity; they only edited them to try to hide that. So it didn’t change what was advertised—the fact that these were underaged girls; they only edited the way it was advertised. Of course, this did nothing to stop the criminal activity, but it facilitated it know-ingly. The incentive? Why would backpage go through all of this? Quite simply, profits. This is a very profitable enter-prise. What is the cost of these crimes? It is very profitable, but the cost is human dignity, trauma. The cost is far more than money; it is suffering and some-times human life. I have heard stories about this. I know my colleagues in the Senate have heard stories about it, and that is why there is so much support for this legislation across the country. These individual stories are compel-ling, they are powerful, and they are heartbreaking. Imagine for a moment that your daughter is missing. She has been gone for several weeks. She is 14 years old. Someone says: You ought to look on this website called backpage. So you do. You look on backpage—you are a mom—and you find your daughter. This is the story of Kubiiki Pride and M.A. She told her story bravely before our Permanent Subcommittee on In-vestigations. She told us the details, and we were able to use that as part of our investigation and to come up with a legislative response. She said she ac-tually told backpage—she called them and said: I found my daughter. She has been missing for weeks. She is on your website. Thank you for taking down the ad and helping me to connect with my daughter. As you can imagine, these were sexu-ally explicit photographs of a 14-year- old girl. She didn’t know whether she was alive or dead, so she was excited to find her but appalled by what she saw, as any of us would be. What did backpage say? We can’t take down the ad because you didn’t pay for it, did you? She said: Of course, I didn’t pay for it; she is my daughter. That is the level of evil we are talk-ing about. This is another story of another brave individual who has come forward. This is Nacole, the mom, and J.S. Nacole also bravely testified in front of the Permanent Subcommittee on In-vestigations. J.S. was a 15-year-old when she ran away. She loved her fam-ily, and she wrote them a 5-page letter saying how much she loved them, but she chose to leave the safety of her family and home, and she ended up in a homeless shelter for teens. A 22-year- old woman who was posing as a teen there approached her and said, ‘‘I can help you make some money’’ and then introduced her to a pimp, who then sold her on backpage. For more than 3 months, she was sold online multiple times a day. Finally, an undercover police officer posing as a customer rescued her. Thankfully, he did, because for some many of the girls, the story goes on and sometimes ends in a very tragic way. This is Yvonne Ambrose. Yvonne ac-tually testified before the Commerce Committee. She and her mom did a beautiful job talking about her heart-break and her tragic encounter with backpage. Yvonne got a call on Christ-mas Eve in 2016 that every parent dreads. It was about her daughter Desiree. They said in the call that her 16-year-old daughter had been mur-dered after being exploited and sold for sex on backpage.com. One of the backpage customers apparently was the one who murdered her beautiful daughter. Yvonne is honoring Desiree’s mem-ory by working with us to try to hold these websites accountable, and Kubiiki and Nacole are fighting for jus-tice. These are only three examples to-night, but there are so many others and so many I have experienced back home. Again, these are heartbreaking stories. One girl told me she started to be trafficked at age 9 by her father. Some others have told me of not hav-ing parents at home, being in foster homes and leaving the foster homes ei-ther when they were emancipated at age 18 or earlier and the horrible situa-tion they found themselves in. I have had the opportunity to meet with survivors in cities around Ohio— in Dayton at Oasis House, in Columbus at Alvis, in Akron, Toledo, Cincinnati, and Cleveland. The majority of these young women tell me the same thing about backpage. Usually there are drugs involved as well that create a de-pendency. Unbelievably, for years, these websites have gotten away with this because when parents like Yvonne, Kubiiki, or Nacole file a lawsuit for damages to try to stop what is going on, they are told: We are immune. When the prosecutors in these local communities step up and ask: ‘‘How could this illegal activity be going on? This is illegal to do on the street cor-ners, certainly it is illegal to do on-line,’’ the judges say: We are immune. We will get into this later as to why that happens, how it happens, and what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.022 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1783 March 19, 2018 
we are doing about it in this legisla-tion. I look forward to that discussion. I look forward to the debate on the Senate floor as to how we came up with a very targeted and very specific ap-proach to this that doesn’t interfere with the freedom of the internet at all, but it does stop activity that never was imagined. When Congress passed a law 21 years ago, it never imagined it would permit this kind of criminal ac-tivity online. Tonight I thank those families who had the courage to step forward, tell their stories publicly, and channel their grief into something construc-tive, which is to come up with a legis-lative solution that helps address this problem so the next 14-year-old daugh-ter or 16-year-old daughter does not find herself in these same horrible situ-ations, with all the trauma and all the heartbreak that occurs. Justice cannot be seen, but its ab-sence can be felt, and that is what is happening now, an absence of justice. Those who have been trafficked online only see the websites that knowingly facilitated it to prosper and escape legal consequences. That has to stop. That is an injustice to me. I look forward to further debate again this week. I look forward to the vote on Wednesday. If we can pass the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act, we will make a difference. We will save lives. We will save women, girls, and boys from going through this trau-matic experience and instead enable them to achieve their God-given poten-tial in life. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
YEMEN WAR POWERS RESOLUTION  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I come to the floor tonight to discuss America’s role in the crisis in Yemen. I have here a picture of the fractured remains of buildings, people fleeing from those buildings, and a small child, probably in her father’s arms. This rep-resents the challenge of the bombing that is going on in that nation. I am here tonight to discuss America’s role in that bombing and the fact that here in the Chamber we need to debate how it is we have come to the point of sup-porting this bombing when the War Powers Act clearly says we should not be. When our Founding Fathers wrote our Constitution, they designated the President as the Commander in Chief, but they gave Congress, the House, and the Senate the sole power to declare war. Article I, section 8 states un-equivocally: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to declare war.’’ It is only Congress that can take our Nation from peace to war. If one has any doubt about that, consider the words of James Madison himself, the father of our Constitution. He said: ‘‘In no part of the constitution is more wis-dom to be found, than in the clause which confides the question of war or peace to the legislature, and not to the executive department.’’ Now, the clearly stated responsibility in our Constitution was reinforced by the 1973 War Powers Resolution, often referred to as the War Powers Act. That particular piece of legislation stated as its purpose the following: ‘‘It is the purpose of this joint resolution to fulfill the intent of the framers of the Constitution of the United States and insure that the collective judg-ment of both the Congress and the President will apply to the introduc-tion of United States Armed Forces into hostilities.’’ It goes on to say: ‘‘The constitutional powers of the President as Commander-in-chief to in-troduce United States Armed Forces into hostilities, or into situations where imminent involvement in hos-tilities is clearly indicated by the cir-cumstances, are exercised only’’—and that is a critical word—‘‘pursuant to (1) a declaration of war, (2) specific statutory authorization, or (3) a na-tional emergency created by attack upon the United States.’’ The picture I showed you showing the fractured remains of buildings and people fleeing that bombing in Yemen, that activity is not taking place sub-ject to a declaration of war by this body—we have done no such thing—nor is there any specific statutory author-ization for our assistance in that, nor is there a national emergency created by an attack upon the United States where that is justified. Tomorrow this Chamber will take up this issue. We will be voting on a reso-lution put forward by our colleagues Senator SANDERS , Senator L EE, and Senator M
URPHY calling for the re-moval of our Armed Forces in this role of supporting Saudi Arabia in this war against the Houthis. There are two basic components of our presence in Yemen, and those are very distinct and not to be confused. The first is counterterrorism efforts in which we are directly engaged against associated forces of al-Qaida. This is a role that stems from the authorization for the use of military force that we passed in this Chamber in 2001. Mem-bers may come to the floor and argue about whether that initial authoriza-tion for use of military force involving al-Qaida in Afghanistan has been stretched beyond recognition. I would argue it has been stretched substan-tially and perhaps beyond recognition, but that is not the issue we are debat-ing this week. This week we are addressing the cen-tral issue of whether our involvement in supporting Saudi Arabia in its role in war against the Houthis in Yemen has violated our Constitution and the War Powers Act, and we have to con-front and face how our assistance is contributing to a vast humanitarian crisis in that country. We may not have boots on the ground in support of the Saudi war against the Houthis, but we are very involved. As we judge whether this involve-ment is violating the Constitution and the War Powers Act, we should turn to section 8, the interpretation of the joint resolution. It says: Authority to introduce United States Armed Forces into hostilities or into situa-tions wherein involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances shall not be inferred— (1) from any provision of law . . . including any provision contained in any appropriation Act, unless— 
This is the key— 
such provision specifically authorizes the in-troduction of the United States Armed Forces into hostilities. 
It is very clear. The interpretation of this joint resolution says there is no room here to be participating in hos-tilities—that is a war—even in a sup-porting role, unless it has been specifi-cally authorized by Congress. This in-terpretation of the joint resolution sec-tion of the War Powers Act goes on to say: 
(c) For purposes of this joint resolution, the term ‘‘introduction of United States Armed Forces’’ includes— 
You see the language here— 
the assignment of member of such armed forces to command, coordinate, participate in the movement of, or accompany the reg-ular or irregular military forces of any for-eign country or government when such mili-tary forces are engaged. 
There is the key fact that was laid out when we passed the War Powers Act. This War Powers Act doesn’t just address us directly engaging in hos-tilities or directly confronting an enemy on the battlefield, it includes these provisions of commanding, co-ordinating, participating in the move-ment of, or accompanying military forces of a foreign country. There is no question that we are co-ordinating and participating in the movement of the Saudi forces, so let’s take a look at exactly how we are in-volved. The administration comes back and says: Yes, but we are not directly bombing the Houthis. We are not di-rectly putting boots on the ground and shooting them. It is clear the War Powers Act in-cludes coordinating with, participating with, supporting, and partnering, if you will, with a foreign country in-volved in such a war. We are very in-volved. First, we are involved by refueling Saudi planes en route to bombing the forces of the Houthis in Yemen. That is pretty direct involvement, and it goes to that language which says ‘‘partici-pate in the movement of’’ those foreign forces. If we are refueling their planes en route to bombing the Houthis, we are participating in the movement of their military forces. A plane, a bomb-er, is a part of a military force. Second, we are providing intelligence and thus very directly supporting this war of the Saudis. Third, we are selling the weapons to them that they are using in this war on the Houthis. Fourth, we are providing targeting assistance. We have even established a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.024 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1784 March 19, 2018 
joint combined planning cell, an oper-ation center, to conduct military intel-ligence activities in partnership with Saudi Arabia. Here is why this matters so much: It has a huge impact on the lives of the people in Yemen. It is very possible the planes we refueled are responsible for conducting a series of three airstrikes in Saada last month, killing 5 civilians and wounding 14 more, including 4 chil-dren, as well as paramedics trying to pull survivors out of the rubble after that first strike, or that the planes we refueled played a role in striking a hotel last August that turned the building’s ceiling black with the charred blood of 50 farmers who were staying in that building. We know that the bombs we have sold to the Saudis are killing many civilians. It is time for us here to reckon with that fact. A lot of Americans may not even know we are involved in this war. It has not been widely discussed. There are so many things going on across the planet at this time—so much going on in Syria, for example, that perhaps Americans in general are not paying attention. But we should be paying at-tention because of the carnage that is occurring: 10,000 civilians have been killed since this conflict began. The great, vast bulk of those civilians are dying from air strikes conducted by Saudi Arabia that we are supporting through intelligence and target assist-ance and refueling. Then there are the consequences of that bombardment. The result is just a tremendous human-itarian crisis. The Saudis have been involved in blockading the ability to get humani-tarian supplies into Yemen—food and medicine and fuel. This has resulted in what the United Nations Under-Sec-retary-General for Humanitarian Af-fairs and Emergency Relief Coordi-nator, Mark Lowcock, has warned could become ‘‘the largest famine the world has seen for many decades.’’ Seven million Yemenis are on the verge of starvation because of this war that we are involved in and the related Saudi blockade of food and medicine. About every day, 130 Yemeni children die from extreme hunger and disease— 130 a day. One of the factors that is killing people is cholera. Since October of 2016—so roughly a little less than a year and a half ago—1 million Yemenis have contracted cholera. More than 2,000 have died from it. It is the largest cholera outbreak in recorded history. Let me say that again: 1 million Yem-enis have contracted cholera, and it is the largest cholera outbreak in re-corded history. So 7 million Yemenis are on the verge of starvation, 1 mil-lion have contracted cholera, and so many are dying because of this war we are involved in. The death and destruction in Yemen is unimaginable, and the United States needs to take a hard look at the role we are playing—a role we are playing in violation of our Constitution and in violation of the War Powers Act of 1973. That is the issue we are going to be discussing here on the floor. I know there is some popularity in saying: Let’s not look at that humani-tarian crisis and our role in it; let’s just look at the relationship we have with Saudi Arabia and know that they have helped us in other cases—for ex-ample, the war on ISIS. Let’s know that they are a good customer for many of our products and for many of our military products. But I say to my colleagues: This issue is bigger than simply a good marketplace or a good relationship with Saudi Arabia. This goes to our involvement, our culpa-bility in the deaths of thousands of Yemenis and 130 children a day through bombs falling on them, through hunger, starvation, through cholera. It is hard for me to think about this young child in this picture, this young Yemeni, who clearly is the victim ei-ther of cholera or starvation or some other consequence of this conflict. But imagine 130 of these children dying every day. It is our responsibility to honor the Constitution, and it is our responsi-bility as humans on this planet to wrestle with the fact that our involve-ment is contributing to this vast hu-manitarian disaster. Let us not abdi-cate our responsibility on the basis of friendship with another nation based on the fact that they are a good mar-ket for our products or that we think they may be future partners in some other agenda. We have a direct respon-sibility in war and peace that we have not fulfilled, and this week, with this coming resolution tomorrow, is a point that we must wrestle with this. Let us wrestle with it and honor the Constitu-tion and give some integrity to the 1973 War Powers Resolution. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 1865 be vitiated, and that at a time to be deter-mined by the majority leader in con-sultation with the Democratic leader, on Wednesday, March 21, the Senate proceed to the consideration of H.R. 1865; further, that the only amend-ments in order be Wyden amendments Nos. 2212 and 2213; finally, that there be up to 4 hours of debate concurrently on the amendments, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote in relation to the amendments in the order listed, with a 60-vote affirmative threshold required for adoption of each amendment, the bill be read a third time, and the Sen-ate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, if amended, with no further intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —S.J. RES. 54 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following the resumption of the motion to pro-ceed to H.R. 1865, on Tuesday, March 20, Senator SANDERS , or his designee, be recognized to offer a motion to dis-charge S.J. Res. 54; further, that there be up to 4 hours of debate, equally di-vided between the opponents and the proponents of the resolution, and that following the use or yielding back of that time the Senate vote in relation to the motion to discharge. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nomina-tion: Executive Calendar No. 471. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Nazakhtar Nikakhtar, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Nikakhtar nomination? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE VERMONT STATE HOUSING AU-THORITY Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for 50 years, the Vermont State Housing Au-thority, VSHA, has helped make avail-able secure, safe, and affordable hous-ing in my home State of Vermont. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.025 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1785 March 19, 2018 
Founded in 1968, the Vermont State Housing Authority provides thousands of Vermonters with the resources they need to find housing that works for them. As the first statewide housing authority in the Nation, VSHA was a pioneer in the field, as they built a suc-cessful program from the ground up without existing State models or best practices to replicate. Not only does VSHA help Vermonters of all ages and backgrounds find a home through Federal or State pro-grams, they also provide critical sup-port to those who need it most. The VSHA offers a variety of assistance and resources to the refugee population that has settled in Vermont, including free interpreter services and the prom-ise of a friendly face ready to help navigate a new beginning in an unfa-miliar culture. Further, VSHA staff make what can be a frightening transi-tion more tailored, personal, and com-fortable—helping new citizens accli-mate and assimilate into their new communities. From connecting families in need with resources from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to de-veloping innovative programs that in-spire self-sufficiency and long-term independence, to promoting affordable housing for veterans, VSHA is involved in every community in Vermont. VSHA, though the Family Self-Suffi-ciency Program, helps families achieve economic stability and independence. As of the fall of last year, the program has graduated 194 people and has as-sisted a total of 153 Vermonters in be-coming first-time homeowners through the homeownership program. While homeownership is a critical piece of building wealth and a hallmark of the American dream, it is often a far off dream for many families who struggle just to find a stable and affordable place to call home. As more and more families struggle to make ends meet, especially when af-fordable units are few and far in be-tween and housing prices continue to rise, the team at VSHA, led by their executive director of more than 30 years, Richard Williams, has worked hard to ensure that we work to meet the needs of our community. Though support for our most vulnerable popu-lations is first and foremost in the minds of the VSHA team, it is clear that civic engagement and involve-ment plays a large role as well. The VSHA is involved in partnerships with dozens of Vermont nonprofit organiza-tions, State and Federal agencies, and private sector businesses. Through their work rehabilitating and man-aging buildings, VSHA has revitalized our communities and downtowns one by one. The Vermont State Housing Author-ity has made a lasting difference in the lives of Vermonters across our great State. For that, I thank them. On be-half of all Vermonters, congratulations on 50 years of hard work, dedication, and outstanding commitment to those you serve. 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE WAYSIDE RESTAURANT Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, my wife, Marcelle, and I thoroughly enjoyed reading about the Wayside’s 100th anni-versary. I remember when my sister, Mary, brother, John, and I would go with my parents, Howard and Alba Leahy, for a special treat: Sunday after church, we would go to the Wayside for lunch. I remember my mother speaking Italian with some of the people there, but it was particularly special because of the fact that we would see everybody we knew from Montpelier and Barre, where my father was born. Even today, I hold those memories from when I was a child, and I have thought of them every time Marcelle and I have brought our children, and now our grandchildren, for lunch at the Wayside. This is one of the institutions that makes Vermont the most special place in our country. I ask unanimous consent that a press release commemorating the 100th anni-versary of the Wayside Restaurant be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[Feb. 16, 2018] 2018 M
ARKS VERMONT ’SWAYSIDE  R
ESTAURANT ’S100THANNIVERSARY  M
ONTPELIER .—In 1918, the Allies declared victory in World War 1, Babe Ruth pitched 29
1⁄3scoreless innings for the Red Sox in the World Series, Woodrow Wilson was Presi-dent, color movies were invented, and Effie Ballou opened the Wayside on the Barre- Montpelier Road. Originally just a roadside eatery, the Way-side Restaurant has withstood the test of time and is ready to celebrate its 100th Anni-versary this year! In an industry where 70 percent of all restaurants fail after 10 years, the Wayside has defied the odds. Throughout the year, there will be meal and dessert specials. In July, the actual month the Wayside opened; there will be a Customer Appreciation Party on July 29th from 6:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. The Wayside Creamery will host a free Ice Cream Social and at sundown all guests will be treated to a special fireworks display! Be sure to save the date. For those who want to learn more about the Wayside and its long history go to www.WaysideRestaurant.com. There is also a new book on sale at the restaurant com-memorating their 100th Anniversary titled, It’s Worth The Ride To The Wayside: Cele-brating 100 Years with Anniversary Ale, Yan-kee Cooking and Ice Cream. And yes, the book includes several of the Wayside’s deli-cious comfort food recipes! f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I was unavoidably absent due to a death in my family for rollcall votes Nos. 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, and 55. Had I been present I would have voted nay on all the roll-call votes in relation to S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. I would have also voted nay on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Kevin McAleenan to be Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, rollcall vote No. 55; PN1373. f 
HOUSING OPPORTUNITY MORTGAGE EXPANSION ACT Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, as chair-man of the Senate Banking Sub-committee on Housing, Transpor-tation, and Community Development, today I wish to engage in a colloquy to discuss legislation that I introduced, the Housing Opportunity Mortgage Ex-pansion, HOME, Act, with several of my colleagues to address an issue in-volving the Federal Home Loan Bank, FHLB, system. The FHLB system is a cooperative organization of 11 banks that support a mission of ‘‘helping American families realize the dream of home ownership, stimulate the cre-ation of affordable housing, and im-prove the local business environment.’’ FHLBs are privately capitalized by their 7,300 members and are subject to strict oversight by the Federal Housing Finance Agency, FHFA. The HOME Act is designed to correct the FHFA’s perceived statutory limitation in the FHL Bank Act that does not permit captive insurers to be considered a class of the eligible insurance compa-nies for membership in FHLBs. In 2016, the FHFA determined that captive insurance firms were not insur-ance firms for purposes of the FHLB Act. In making this determination, the FHFA abruptly terminated the mem-bership of approximately four dozen captive insurance entities, including mortgage real estate investment trusts, REITs, that were active and re-sponsible members of the FHLB sys-tem. These insurance captives greatly contributed to the affordable housing mission of FHLBs through the use of private capital versus taxpayer dollars, something that we should always en-courage. I thank Senators D
UCKWORTH , J
OHNSON , and B ALDWIN for their sup-port of this legislation, which I am hopeful will receive favorable consider-ation by this body in the future. I yield to my friend from Illinois. Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, thank you. I thank the chairman and my colleagues from Wisconsin for their support of this bipartisan legislation, which I introduced in January and filed as an amendment to S. 2155. As the chairman stated, as a result of the 2016 regulation, many of the FHLB system’s captive insurance members have had or will soon have their membership termi-nated. Our legislation seeks to ensure that captive insurer affiliates of insti-tutions that are active providers of pri-vate capital in the mortgage market are eligible to restore or continue their membership. Their membership is crucial to reli-able access to low-cost funding for home mortgages and affordable hous-ing initiatives in Illinois. For the Fed-eral Home Loan Bank of Chicago, these members serve as an important source of private capital in the mortgage mar-ket. Their membership broadens access 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.015 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1786 March 19, 2018 
to credit to financial institutions that would otherwise not be able to access credit through their local markets and creates a reliable source of liquidity for affordable housing initiatives. Our bipartisan bill only seeks to re-dress those captives that were pre-viously granted FHLB membership prior to February 19, 2016. By allowing captive insurers to continue to invest in mortgages and mortgage-related se-curities through the FHLB system, they can continue to provide both cred-it and liquidity to the market. Such sources of private capital are critical to the long-term financing of the FHLB system, and therefore, eligibility in the system should be preserved. Our legis-lation will achieve this purpose. I wish to turn to my friend from Wisconsin, Senator J
OHNSON . Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I agree with the comments of my colleagues on the need to pass S. 2361 during the 115th Congress. The legislation is nar-rowly tailored such that it would pro-vide the opportunity for reapplication or continuation of FHLB membership only for those captive entities that meet a series of criteria pertaining to the mission of their parent companies to serve the residential mortgage mar-ket. These captive members have prov-en track records of responsible mem-bership, have contributed to the sys-tem, and have invested their capital in the respective FHLBs. Moreover, each and every captive that would be af-fected by our bill are subsidiaries of fi-nancial institutions that are aligned with the overall mission of the FHLBs. I yield to my colleague from Wis-consin, Senator B
ALDWIN . Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, unfor-tunately, including this legislation in the recently passed S. 2155 was not pos-sible due to a number of procedural ob-jections that could not be overcome. However, it is our understanding that the substance of our bill has the sup-port of several FHLBs, and we intend to work with our colleagues, the ad-ministration, and FHFA to find sus-tainable ways for housing-focused enti-ties such as relevant captive insurance companies to participate in the FHLB system. 
f 
WOMEN’S HEALTH Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to speak on the important topic of women’s health, which has been under attack by the Trump ad-ministration. Through its policies and the actions of its officials, the Trump administra-tion has undermined women’s health at every opportunity. In the first year of the Trump admin-istration, we have seen attempts to block access to Planned Parenthood, restrict women’s access to birth con-trol, legislation to ban certain medical procedures, the creation of new govern-ment offices to undermine women’s healthcare, and judges nominated who openly oppose women’s privacy rights. Scott Lloyd, the Director of the Of-fice of Refugee Resettlement, ORR, is the perfect illustration of this deeply disturbing trend. Federal court documents and exten-sive media reports show that Mr. Lloyd has used his official office to prevent unaccompanied minors at ORR shelters from accessing legally available repro-ductive healthcare. In one case, a 17-year-old young woman, referred to as Jane Doe, was transferred to an ORR shelter after crossing the U.S.-Mexico border. While in government custody, Jane Doe dis-covered she was pregnant and sought access to an abortion. She satisfied all requirements under Texas law and se-cured her own funds to pay for the pro-cedure. In spite of this, ORR officials repeatedly blocked her from accessing care. Jane Doe went to court and was granted approval to obtain the proce-dure. Nevertheless, the Trump adminis-tration’s Department of Justice cruelly appealed the decision, alleging that the government has an interest in blocking her personal decision. Since Jane Doe’s case, it has been un-covered that Trump administration of-ficials have directly intervened in other similar cases. There are reports that Mr. Lloyd has denied young women access to their lawyers. Addi-tionally, he has implemented policies that violate young women’s medical privacy rights. It is also concerning that, as someone with no medical ex-pertise or training, Mr. Lloyd has per-sonally pressured young women about their medical options. In court docu-ments, Mr. Lloyd acknowledged that he has never approved a request for the procedure and even admitted that he has denied such requests in the cases of rape victims. This is shocking, particu-larly considering that many of the young women who come into ORR cus-tody have fled sexual and gender-based violence in their home countries. On top of that, some of these young women go through harrowing experi-ences along their journey to the United States, during which they are at risk of being trafficked, kidnapped, and raped. Blocking them from making their own determinations about their health and bodies only adds to the trauma they have already experienced. In light of Mr. Lloyd’s shocking ac-tions, I have called on him to resign. I find it appalling that the Trump ad-ministration believes women—undocu-mented or otherwise—do not have the right to control their own bodies and make their own healthcare decisions. Young women do not lose their right to make their own healthcare decisions just because they are in government custody. ORR is responsible for protecting the well-being of the most vulnerable peo-ple: those who have been tortured, chil-dren who arrive in the country alone and without a parent, and individuals fleeing persecution. It is imperative that the leader of this office uphold this mission, rather than advancing his own personal, polit-ical agenda. We have an obligation to treat young women in government cus-tody with the dignity and respect they deserve. The Trump administration needs to stop attacking women and start recog-nizing their right to control their own bodies, medical decisions, and destiny. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO VICTORIA HOENINGHAUSEN ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Tori for her hard work as an intern in my Wash-ington, DC, office. I recognize her ef-forts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. Tori is a native of Yellowstone Na-tional Park. She is a graduate of the University of Wyoming, where she studied international studies and criminal justice. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Tori for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING VALLEY VIEW CHAROLAIS RANCH ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President. I would like to offer my congratulations to Valley View Charolais Ranch on their 50th Annual Bull Sale and cowherd. Valley View Charolais have some of the most proven and popular bloodlines available. They have been bred for ease of calving, fertility, milk, and moth-ering ability, as well as performance. Valley View Charolais Ranch’s efforts to produce animals that will make money for all that are involved, includ-ing the producer, the cowman, and the packer, have been proven. Their com-mitment to producing quality 2-year- old bulls despite trends, drought, bliz-zards, fighting grasshoppers, irrigation water, and cattle price cycles, is re-markable and demonstrates their true dedication. I commend the Westphal Family for all the dedication and passion they have poured into the industry to be one of the Nation’s leading breeders of purebred Charolais cattle and for sell-ing 2-year-old Charolais bulls for 50 years.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MS. CAROL RIVARD ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and extend my sin-cerest congratulations and happy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.040 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1787 March 19, 2018 
birthday wishes to Ms. Carol Rivard who celebrated her 100th birthday on March 17, 2018. Carol has lived in New Hampshire since she moved to Salem with her family in 1959. She worked in a textile mill and later as an office clerk for Kmart. After her retirement, Carol dedicated her time to helping a local food pantry where she volunteered every week for nearly 10 years. To this day, Carol lives independ-ently in her New Hampshire home. Her most cherished moments are spent with loved ones at family gatherings, where they enjoy listening to Frank Sinatra and cheering on the Boston Celtics. Carol has three sons and a daughter, as well as three grand-children and five great-grandchildren I join with Carol’s friends and family, as well as many people in the town of Salem and across the Granite State, in wishing her a very happy 100th birth-day.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGES 
REPORT RELATIVE TO THE ISSUANCE OF AN EXECUTIVE ORDER WITH RESPECT TO VEN-EZUELA THAT TAKES ADDI-TIONAL STEPS WITH RESPECT TO THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY DECLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13692 ON MARCH 8, 2015— PM 30 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report, which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), I hereby report that I have signed an Executive Order with respect to Venezuela that takes additional steps with respect to the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015, and relied upon for additional steps taken in Ex-ecutive Order 13808 of August 24, 2017. The Executive Order prohibits, as of its effective date, all transactions related to, provision of financing for, and other dealings in, by a United States person or within the United States, any dig-ital currency, digital coin, or digital token, that was issued by, for, or on be-half of the Government of Venezuela on or after January 9, 2018. I have authorized the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to take such ac-tions, including promulgating rules and regulations and to employ all pow-ers granted to the President by IEEPA as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of the Executive Order. I am enclosing a copy of the Execu-tive Order I have issued. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , March 19, 2018. 
f 
SOCIAL SECURITY TOTALIZATION AGREEMENT WITH URUGUAY, TI-TLED ‘‘AGREEMENT ON SOCIAL SECURITY BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE ORIENTAL REPUBLIC OF URUGUAY,’’ AND AN ACCOM-PANYING LEGALLY BINDING AD-MINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENT TITLED ‘‘ADMINISTRATIVE AR-RANGEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPETENT AUTHORITIES OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA AND THE ORIENTAL REPUB-LIC OF URUGUAY FOR THE IM-PLEMENTATION OF THE AGREE-MENT ON SOCIAL SECURITY’’— PM 31 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Finance: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to section 233(e)(1) of the Social Security Act, as amended by the Social Security Amendments of 1977 (Public Law 95–216, 42 U.S.C. 433(e)(1)), I transmit herewith a social security totalization agreement with Uruguay, titled ‘‘Agreement on Social Security between the United States of America and the Oriental Republic of Uruguay,’’ and the accompanying legally binding administrative arrangement, titled ‘‘Administrative Arrangement between the Competent Authorities of the United States of America and the Ori-ental Republic of Uruguay for the Im-plementation of the Agreement on So-cial Security between the United States of America and the Oriental Re-public of Uruguay’’ (collectively the ‘‘Agreements’’). The Agreements were signed at Montevideo, Uruguay, on January 10, 2017. The Agreements are similar in objec-tive and content to the social security totalization agreements already in force with most European Union coun-tries, Australia, Canada, Chile, Japan, Norway, the Republic of Korea, and Switzerland. Such bilateral agreements provide for limited coordination be-tween the United States and foreign so-cial security systems to eliminate dual social security coverage and taxation, and to help prevent the lost benefit protection that can occur when work-ers divide their careers between two countries. The Agreements contain all provi-sions mandated by section 233 of the Social Security Act and, pursuant to section 233(c)(4), other provisions which I deem appropriate to carry out the purposes of section 233. I also transmit for the information of the Congress a report required by sec-tion 233(e)(1) of the Social Security Act on the estimated number of individuals who will be affected by the Agreements and the Agreements’ estimated cost ef-fect. Also included are a summary of the main provisions and an annotated version of the Agreements with de-scriptions of each article. The Depart-ment of State and the Social Security Administration have recommended the Agreements to me. I commend to the Congress the Agreement on Social Security between the United States of America and the Oriental Republic of Uruguay and the Administrative Arrangement between the United States of America and the Oriental Republic of Uruguay for the Implementation of the Agreement on Social Security between the United States of America and the Oriental Re-public of Uruguay. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , March 19, 2018. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on March 16, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following en-rolled bills: 
S. 188. An act to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Gov-ernment, and for other purposes. S. 324. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4263. An act to amend the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to small company capital formation, and for other purposes. H.R. 4545. An act to amend the Federal Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of de-pository institutions, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. HATCH) announced that on today, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.037 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1788 March 19, 2018 
March 19, 2018, he has signed the fol-lowing enrolled bills, which were pre-viously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
S. 188. An act to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Gov-ernment, and for other purposes. S. 324. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 4263. An act to amend the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to small company capital formation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 4545. An act to amend the Federal Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of de-pository institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, March 19, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 188. An act to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Gov-ernment, and for other purposes. S. 324. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4599. A communication from the Acting Congressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Impor-tation of Campanula spp. Plants for Planting in Approved Growing Media From Denmark into the United States’’ (RIN0579–AE31) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4600. A communication from the Acting Congressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Viruses, Serums, Toxins, and Analogous Products; Expiration Date Required for Serial and Sub-serials and Determination of Expiration Date of Product’’ (RIN0579–AD06) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4601. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Aluminum tris (O-ethylphosphonate); Pesticide Tolerances’’ (40 CFR Part 180) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4602. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Flutianil; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (40 CFR Part 180) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4603. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘S–Metolachlor; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (40 CFR Part 180) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4604. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the mobilizations of se-lected reserve units, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4605. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a notice of additional time required to complete a report relative to core depot- level maintenance and repair capability and sustaining workloads; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4606. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Implementation Plans; State of Iowa; Elements of the Infrastruc-ture SIP Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS); Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9975–78–Region 7) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4607. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Implementation Plans; State of Missouri; Elements of the Infra-structure State Implementation Plan Re-quirements for the 2008 Ozone, 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide, 2010 Sulfur Dioxide, and 2012 Fine Particulate Matter National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS)’’ (FRL No. 9975– 71–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4608. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Loss Safe Harbor/ RP–119318–17’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–08) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4609. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hurricanes Harvey & Irma Cost Index Sec. 165/RP–128547–17’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–09) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4610. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modified 2018 Cost- of-Living Adjustments to the Internal Rev-enue Code Tax Tables and Other Items’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–18) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4611. A communication from the Chair of the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Ac-cess Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Medicaid and CHIP’’ ; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4612. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clarification of When Prod-ucts Made or Derived From Tobacco Are Regulated as Drugs, Devices, or Combination Products; Amendments to Regulations Re-garding ’Intended Uses’; Partial Delay of Ef-fective Date’’ ((RIN0910–AH94) (Docket No. FDA–2015–N–2002)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4613. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Federal Activities Related to Stillbirth, Sudden Un-expected Infant Death, and Sudden Unex-plained Death in Childhood’’ ; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions . EC–4614. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program Parts A and B Supplemental Awards Report to Congress’’ ; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4615. A communication from the Board of Trustees, National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust, transmitting, pursuant to law, the annual management report relative to its operations and financial condition for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4616. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs of the Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting a legislative proposal relative to the President of the United States’ Fiscal Year 2019 budget request for the Department of Homeland Security; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4617. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Cruise Ship Security Regula-tions’’ ((RIN1625–AB30) (Docket No. USCG– 2006–23846)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4618. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ma-rine Casualty Reporting Property damage Thresholds’’ ((RIN1625–AC33) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0748)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.009 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1789 March 19, 2018 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–184. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislative Assembly of the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico requesting the United States Congress to extend the unemploy-ment and the Disaster Unemployment As-sistance (DUA) benefits for an additional twenty-six (26) weeks, due to the cata-strophic impact of Hurricanes Maria and Irma on Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. C
ONCURRENT RESOLUTION 50 
STATEMENT OF MOTIVES  Only two weeks after Hurricane Irma hit the Island, on September 20th, 2017, Hurri-cane Maria struck Puerto Rico. The eye of this Category 4 hurricane made landfall in the municipality of Yabucoa. Puerto Rico suffered damages estimated in at least ninety billion dollars ($90,000,000,000), and a never-before-seen dev-astation. The power grid as well as the tele-communications and drinking water systems were down. One month after landfall, a mere eighteen percent (18%) of the population had power service, fifty-nine percent (59%) had telecommunications service, and seventy- three percent (73%) had drinking water serv-ice. Many businesses have been unable to oper-ate due to the lack of these services. Con-sequently, a significant number of employees have lost their jobs or their work hours have been reduced considerably. Through a contribution based on a percent-age of payroll expenses, employers partici-pate in a program where job-seeking unem-ployed persons are able to receive financial assistance and labor advisory from the Gov-ernment. Workers who have been wrongfully dis-charged may receive the following benefits: Unemployment compensation equivalent to a percentage of the salary earned up to one hundred thirty-three dollars ($133.00) a week. Such compensation may be extended for an additional twenty-six (26) weeks, if el-igible. Job search assistance through their job center locations. Furthermore, the Disaster Unemployment Assistance (DUA) is available for employed and self-employed persons who have been de-termined not otherwise eligible for regular unemployment insurance benefits. This pro-gram provides unemployment benefits to in-dividuals who have become unemployed as a direct result of a major disaster. Just as the unemployment benefit, this assistance is available for twenty-six (26) weeks. Hurricanes Irma and Maria have had a major impact on the economy. Countless Puerto Ricans have lost their jobs, either temporarily or permanently. The lines at the regional offices of the Department of Labor are endless. Moreover, it has been estimated that more than sixty thousand (60,000) Puerto Ricans have left the Island over the thirty (30) days following Hurricane Maria, forty thousand (40,000) of which have relocated to Florida. If the U.S. Congress approves the unem-ployment benefit extension it will greatly contribute to the recovery of the People of Puerto Rico and prevent many others from making the difficult decision of moving from Puerto Rico. This is not the first time that such a re-quest is made. The U.S. Congress approved a similar extension in 2006 after Hurricanes Katrina and Rita struck Louisiana and Texas, respectively. For all of the foregoing, this Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico deems it meri-torious to request the Congress of the United States of America to extend the unemploy-ment and the Disaster Unemployment As-sistance (DUA) benefits for an additional twenty-six (26) weeks, due to the cata-strophic impact of Hurricanes Maria and Irma on Puerto Rico. Be it Resolved by the Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico: Section 1—To request the Congress of the United States of America to extend the un-employment and the Disaster Unemploy-ment Assistance (DUA) benefits for an addi-tional twenty-six (26) weeks, due to the cata-strophic impact of Hurricanes Maria and Irma on Puerto Rico. Section 2.—It is hereby directed that a copy of this Concurrent Resolution, trans-lated into English, be delivered to the lead-ership of the Congress of the United States of America, including the Resident Commis-sioner of Puerto Rico in Washington, D.C., the President of the United States of Amer-ica, and the U.S. Secretary of Labor. Section 3.—This Concurrent Resolution shall take effect upon its approval. 
POM–185. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislative Assembly of the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico urging the United States Government to prioritize, increase, and accelerate the recovery, restoration, and reconstruction efforts of Puerto Rico in the wake of Hurricane Maria; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. C
ONCURRENT RESOLUTION 53 
STATEMENT OF MOTIVES  On September 20, 2017, the people of Puerto Rico experienced one of the most cata-strophic events in its history. The onslaught of Hurricane Maria and the devastation it caused not only resulted in the loss of dozens of lives, but also had a disastrous effect on the basic infrastructure, thus disrupting the economic stability and fraying the social fabric of the Island. Thousands of families deprived of their homes, the loss of industries and jobs, the lack of access to essential medical services, and the lack of reliable means of commu-nication, the difficult access to roadways and communities, and the alarming rate of migration to the mainland are just some of the adverse consequences with which the Is-land is dealing, while experiencing a serious economic recession that has lasted for over a decade. Almost one and a half months later, thousands of students have been unable to return to their classrooms, hundreds of com-munities continue without water service, and more than half of the Island still has no power. In short, the Island has essentially fallen into a humanitarian crisis. Furthermore, the issue caused by the large accumulation of debris that has yet to be re-moved from the streets and the communities is specifically worth noting. Such debris ad-versely affects the quality of life of the resi-dents of Puerto Rico. This situation not only constitutes a public safety hazard, but also affects the health of Puerto Ricans, because it promotes the proliferation of pests and mosquito breeding sites due to standing water. According to several experts, as well as the State epidemiologist, we have experi-enced an increase in the number of Lepto-spirosis cases and other diseases in many municipalities. In addition, debris affects ve-hicle traffic, limits accesses, and interferes with recovery efforts. At this critical time, we are compelled to find effective solutions to protect life and property. Even though the Government of Puerto Rico, its agencies, instrumentalities, and municipalities have made a massive effort in an attempt to solve these issues at the state and local level, it is clear that the restora-tion and reconstruction of Puerto Rico is a Herculean task that we could not undertake without the intervention of the Federal Gov-ernment. Now more than ever, the U.S. citi-zens of Puerto Rico require Federal assist-ance to set in motion their recovery. We recognize that the concerned agencies and the different federal officials have ex-pressed their unwavering commitment to the recovery and reconstruction of Puerto Rico. The truth is, however, that the pace at which works are being carried out is at odds with the needs of the People of Puerto Rico. Indeed, on many occasions, local authori-ties have been compelled to raise a red flag about the adverse effects that the slow pace at which the works contracted with federal entities are being carried out could have. Several mayors of both political parties have resorted to the Executive Branch to increase the resources allocated to debris recovery and the overall reconstruction and recovery efforts being carried out in Puerto Rico. In some instances, the municipal executives have taken on the task to petition the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers directly and have been successful in arriving at agreements for the recovery of demolition and vegetative debris. However, some of these municipal ex-ecutives have expressed that despite entering into these agreements, the demolition and vegetative debris recovery efforts have yet to begin. Likewise, it was reported that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has been slow to contract the resources necessary to re-store the power grid of the Island as well as to install reinforced blue plastic sheeting to protect the property of those residents who have lost their roofs. Once again, we stress that allocating re-sources, establishing long-term plans, and claiming that essential services shall be re-stored eventually is not enough. The U.S. citizens residing in Puerto Rico deserve and warrant that their needs be addressed with the same promptness and urgency with which the needs of our fellow citizens have been addressed under similar circumstances. It is not out of sheer convenience that we make this claim, but rather it is based on the most basic rights that the residents of Puerto Rico are entitled to enjoy. In light of the foregoing, and with the ut-most sense of urgency given the critical time that the U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico are liv-ing in, we deemed it necessary to emphati-cally demand from the Government of the United States of America that the pace with which the recovery and reconstruction works are being carried out in Puerto Rico is in-creased and accelerated. Time is of the es-sence. Be it resolved by the Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico: Section 1.—To demand from the Govern-ment of the United States of America that they prioritize, increase, and accelerate the recovery, restoration, and reconstruction ef-forts of Puerto Rico in the wake of Hurri-cane Maria. Section 2.—As part of the efforts, the President shall direct the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to expedite the debris removal efforts in the municipalities of Puerto Rico and reestablish the power grid of the Island, among other matters, including specific in-structions on the recovery works that Puer-to Rico needs and a work schedule. Section 3.—A copy of this Concurrent Res-olution, translated into English, shall be de-livered to the President of the United States, Donald Trump; the Vice President of the United States and President of the United States Senate, Michael Pence; the Speaker of the United States House of Representa-tives, Paul Ryan; and the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.012 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1790 March 19, 2018 
Section 4.—This Concurrent Resolution shall take effect upon its approval. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 526. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, and for other pur-poses. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment: S. 791. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellectual property edu-cation and training for small businesses, and for other purposes. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1538. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to establish awareness of, and technical assistance for, the creation of employee stock ownership plans, and for other pur-poses. S. 1961. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to temporarily reauthorize certain pilot programs under the Small Business Innova-tion Research Program and the Small Busi-ness Technology Transfer Program, and for other purposes. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment: S. 1995. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to improve the num-ber of small business investment companies in underlicensed States, and for other pur-poses. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2283. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Ad-ministration, and for other purposes. S. 2419. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to improve the technical and business assistance services under the SBIR and STTR programs. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment: S. 2527. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BROWN: S. 2567. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to enhance the national strategy for combating and eliminating tuberculosis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 2568. A bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the indi-vidual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. 2569. A bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to author-ize the Secretary of Agriculture to award grants to benefit the Appalachia region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Ms. WARREN ): S. 2570. A bill to repeal the funding author-ization sunset and the total funding cap for the Essex National Heritage Area; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, and Ms. H EITKAMP ): S. 2571. A bill to reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. Res. 437. A resolution supporting the goals of World Tuberculosis Day to raise awareness about tuberculosis; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. Res. 438. A resolution commemorating the 150th anniversary of the University of California; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. Res. 439. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Aware-ness Week; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OL-
LINS) was added as a cosponsor of S. 281, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per-country numerical limitation for employment-based immigrants, to in-crease the per-country numerical limi-tation for family-sponsored immi-grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 292 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 292, a bill to maximize discovery, and accel-erate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treat-ments, and for other purposes. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. S. 487 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 487, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for an exclusion for assistance provided to participants in certain veterinary stu-dent loan repayment or forgiveness programs. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 526 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 526, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 528 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 528, a bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 to provide leave because of the death of a son or daughter. 
S. 781 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 781, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to limit the liability of health care professionals who volunteer to provide health care services in response to a disaster. 
S. 1016 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cospon-sors of S. 1016, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ex-pand access to telehealth services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1022 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1022, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain military trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1091 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1091, a bill to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grand-parents Raising Grandchildren. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.025 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1791 March 19, 2018 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers dur-ing pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1152 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1152, a bill to create protections for depository institutions that provide fi-nancial services to cannabis-related businesses, and for other purposes. 
S. 1158 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1158, a bill to help prevent acts of geno-cide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international se-curity, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises. 
S. 1161 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1161, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to elimi-nate copayments by the Department of Veterans Affairs for medicines relating to preventative health services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1276 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1276, a bill to require the Attorney General to make a deter-mination as to whether cannabidiol should be a controlled substance and listed in a schedule under the Con-trolled Substances Act and to expand research on the potential medical bene-fits of cannabidiol and other mari-huana components. 
S. 1520 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1520, a bill to expand recreational fishing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and man-agement, and for other purposes. 
S. 1613 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1613, a bill to amend the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restora-tion Act to modernize the funding of wildlife conservation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. STABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Com-munications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not pro-hibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. 2006 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2006, a bill to require breast density reporting to physicians and patients by facilities that perform mammograms, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2135 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2135, a bill to enforce current law regarding the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System. 
S. 2155 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2155, a bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory re-lief, and enhance consumer protec-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2208 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2208, a bill to provide for the issuance of an Alzheimer’s Disease Re-search Semipostal Stamp. 
S. 2245 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2245, a bill to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nation-als are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 non-immigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Govern-ment of New Zealand. 
S. 2271 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2271, a bill to reauthorize the Mu-seum and Library Services Act. 
S. 2283 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Illi-nois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2283, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administra-tion, and for other purposes. S. 2334 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2334, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide clar-ity with respect to, and to modernize, the licensing system for musical works under section 115 of that title, to en-sure fairness in the establishment of certain rates and fees under sections 114 and 115 of that title, and for other purposes. 
S. 2383 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2383, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to improve law enforce-ment access to data stored across bor-ders, and for other purposes. 
S. 2416 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2416, a bill to amend titles 5, 10, and 37, United States Code, to ensure that an order to serve on active duty under section 12304b of title 10, United States Code, is treated the same as other orders to serve on active duty for determining the eligibility of members of the uni-formed services for certain benefits. 
S. 2421 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2421, a bill to amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to provide an exemption from cer-tain notice requirements and penalties for releases of hazardous substances from animal waste at farms. 
S. 2495 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2495, a bill to reauthorize the grant program for school security in the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968. 
S. 2524 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2524, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a loan repayment program for sub-stance use disorder treatment employ-ees, and for other purposes. 
S. 2529 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2529, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reduce the applica-ble percentage under the premium as-sistance tax credit for households with young adults. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.019 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1792 March 19, 2018 
S. 2553 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2553, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit health plans and pharmacy benefit managers from restricting pharmacies from informing individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals. 
S. 2556 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2556, a bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to promulgate regula-tions to prohibit the storage of live animals in overhead compartments of airplanes. 
S. 2564 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2564, a bill to amend title 11, United States Code, to promote the investiga-tion of fraudulent claims against cer-tain trusts, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide penalties against fraudulent claims against cer-tain trusts, and for other purposes. 
S. 2565 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2565, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide child care assistance to vet-erans receiving certain training or vo-cational rehabilitation, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 54 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 54, a joint resolution to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Con-gress. 
S. RES. 424 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 424, a resolution honoring the 25th anniversary of the National Guard Youth Challenge Program. 
S. RES. 432 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Dela-ware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ) and the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 432, a resolution congratulating the Baltic states of Es-tonia, Latvia, and Lithuania on the 100th anniversary of their declarations of independence. f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , and Ms. H EITKAMP ): S. 2571. A bill to reauthorize the Run-away and Homeless Youth Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, I am proud to once again join with Sen-ator C
OLLINS to introduce the bipar-tisan Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act. Sen-ator C
OLLINS and I have championed this effort together for years now, and I thank her for her thoughtful and steadfast advocacy and constructive contribution throughout our efforts. Our bill will extend for five years key programs authorized by the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, and expand and improve the programs and services that are vital—and sometimes life-saving—resources and safe havens for at risk youth in our home states and across the country. Runaway and homeless youth are sig-nificantly more likely to become vic-tims of sexual abuse and trafficking. Our bill ensures that service providers, who are the bedrock of the support sys-tem for runaway and homeless youth, have the information, training, and re-sources they need to identify and serve youth that have been victims of trau-ma. This includes connecting the youth with appropriate additional services to ensure their physical and mental health and safety. The bill reauthorizes and expands programs and guidance that help pro-viders reunify youth with their fami-lies and loved ones, or, if not possible, provide a tailored and comprehensive support system to help them get back on their feet or on a path to self-suffi-ciency. The spectrum of support serv-ices include emergency and transi-tional housing—because the first step is having a safe place to stay. They also include training and counseling re-lating to physical and mental health care, financial literacy, and workforce training. Runaway and Homeless Youth providers are there for the youth every step of the way, sup-porting them and connecting them to their community and to available re-sources. Our reauthorization adds com-pletion of the Free Application for Fi-nancial Student Aid (FAFSA) form to the available assistance to help youth who wish to pursue advanced edu-cational opportunities realize their goals. Finally, our bill ensures that no child can be discriminated against in trying to gain access to access services or housing through Runaway and Home-less Youth programs. It is unconscion-able to turn away any child in need— gay, straight, black or white. These are our Nation’s most vulnerable youth and they must all feel welcome. In many cases, Runaway and Homeless Youth programs can be a last resort. We cannot let one child fall through the cracks in our support system. In Vermont alone, the Vermont Coa-lition of Runaway and Homeless Youth Programs served 500 young people in need of housing supports in Fiscal Year 2017. Vermont is the seventh most ex-pensive State to live in for rural areas, and ranks within the top five States for the largest shortfall between hous-ing wage and renter wage. As youth and families struggle to make ends meet in Vermont and across the Na-tion, these programs and support sys-tems are more important than ever. We must invest the resources to ensure our youth have a safe place to go and the resources they need to become self-suf-ficient. Senator C
OLLINS and I know just how dangerous and unpredictable the weather can be in the Northeast. In fact, we are getting hit with yet an-other nor’easter complete with fresh snow this week. No child in either of our states, or anywhere in the United States, should have to call the street home. The bill we are introducing today will help ensure our nation’s children have a safe place to stay and have the support they need to grow, learn, and thrive. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 437—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS OF WORLD TUBERCULOSIS DAY TO RAISE AWARENESS ABOUT TUBER-CULOSIS Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 437 Whereas 
1⁄4of the population of the world is infected with the tuberculosis bacterium (commonly referred to as ‘‘TB’’); Whereas the World Health Organization (commonly referred to as the ‘‘WHO’’) esti-mates that 10,400,000 people were newly in-fected with TB in 2016, 10 percent of whom were also infected with the human immuno-deficiency virus (commonly referred to as ‘‘HIV’’); Whereas, in 2016, TB killed an estimated 1,700,000 people, causing more deaths world-wide than any other single infectious agent; Whereas more than 80 percent of TB deaths among HIV-negative people in 2016 occurred in Africa and Southeast Asia, and India ac-counted for 33 percent of global HIV-negative TB deaths; Whereas TB is a leading killer of people in-fected with HIV, and 400,000 people with HIV died of TB in 2016; Whereas additional vulnerable populations at high risk for developing TB include preg-nant women and newborns; Whereas TB is 1 of the 5 leading causes of death among adult women between the ages of 20 and 59 in low-income countries, and women with TB can face stigma, discrimina-tion, and in some settings ostracization by their families and communities; Whereas the global TB epidemic and the spread of drug-resistant TB present a per-sistent public health threat to the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.021 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1793 March 19, 2018 
States because the disease does not recognize borders; Whereas antibiotic-resistant pathogens are a growing problem worldwide, and drug-re-sistant TB can occur when the drugs used to treat TB are misused or mismanaged; Whereas studies have demonstrated direct person-to-person transmission of drug-resist-ant TB; Whereas multi-drug resistant TB (com-monly referred to as ‘‘MDR-TB’’) is caused by bacteria with resistance to rifampin and isoniazid, the 2 most potent treatments for TB infection; Whereas, according to the 2017 WHO Global Tuberculosis Report, in 2016 an estimated 4.1 percent of all new TB cases and 19 percent of previously treated cases were MDR-TB or rifampin-resistant TB; Whereas, in 2016, an estimated 600,000 peo-ple around the world developed MDR-TB or rifampin-resistant TB and those drug-resist-ant strains caused approximately 240,000 deaths worldwide; Whereas extensively drug-resistant TB (commonly referred to as ‘‘XDR-TB’’) is a rare type of TB that is resistant to nearly all medicines, and therefore can be very dif-ficult and expensive to treat, especially among patients with HIV and acquired im-mune deficiency syndrome (commonly re-ferred to as ‘‘AIDS’’); Whereas, according to the 2017 WHO Global Tuberculosis Report, in 2015, 123 countries reported at least 1 case of XDR-TB; Whereas, in 2016, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimated that the cost of treating a single patient with MDR- TB in the United States averaged $160,000, and the average cost of treating a patient with XDR-TB was even higher at $513,000, compared with $18,000 to treat a patient with drug-susceptible TB; Whereas MDR-TB and XDR-TB cases in the United States between 2005 and 2007 collec-tively cost the health care system an esti-mated $53,000,000, according to an analysis by the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion; Whereas, in a 2000 report, the Institute of Medicine found that a decrease in TB control funding and the spread of HIV and AIDS caused a resurgence of TB in the late 1980s and early 1990s; Whereas a total of 9,272 TB cases were re-ported in the United States in 2016, rep-resenting all 50 States and the District of Co-lumbia, and up to 13,000,000 people in the United States may be living with latent TB infection; Whereas 75 percent of States have reported an increase in the proportion of complex cases of TB in recent years due to factors such as homelessness, HIV infection, drug re-sistance, substance abuse, refugee status, and other factors; Whereas the rate of TB disease in African Americans is 8 times higher than the rate in white non-Hispanic Americans, and signifi-cant disparities exist among other minori-ties in the United States, including Native Americans and Alaska Natives, Asian Ameri-cans, and Hispanic Americans, with 86 per-cent of all reported TB cases in the United States in 2016 occurring in racial or ethnic minorities; Whereas, globally in 2016, an estimated 1,000,000 children developed TB and 250,000 children died of TB; Whereas smoking greatly increases the risk of death from TB, and more than 20 per-cent of TB cases worldwide may be attrib-utable to smoking; Whereas diabetes is a major risk factor for TB, and people with diabetes are more likely to develop TB and have a higher risk of death due to TB; Whereas bedaquiline is an antibiotic that boosts an MDR-TB patient’s chance of sur-vival from approximately 50 percent to as much as 80 percent, and through a public-pri-vate partnership, the United States Agency for International Development (commonly referred to as ‘‘USAID’’) assists more than 8,000 patients in almost 40 countries in ac-cessing this new medication; Whereas Bacillus Calmette-Guerin, a TB vaccine that is known as ‘‘BCG’’, provides some protection to children but has had lit-tle epidemiologic impact on TB worldwide; Whereas there is a critical need for new drugs, diagnostics, and vaccines for control-ling the global TB epidemic; Whereas the WHO has called for ‘‘global solidarity and action’’ to support a 20-year strategy to end the global TB epidemic; Whereas the enactment of the Tom Lantos and Henry J. Hyde United States Global Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Reauthorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–293; 122 Stat. 2918), and the Comprehensive Tuberculosis Elimination Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–392; 122 Stat. 4195) provided a historic United States commit-ment to the global eradication of TB, includ-ing a commitment to treat 4,500,000 TB pa-tients and 90,000 MDR-TB patients between 2009 and 2013 and to provide additional treat-ment through coordinated multilateral ef-forts; Whereas USAID provides financial and technical assistance to 23 countries highly burdened by TB, helps to support the devel-opment of new diagnostic and treatment tools, and is authorized to support research to develop new vaccines to combat TB; Whereas TB incidence in the countries that receive bilateral TB funding from the United States through USAID has decreased by nearly 
1⁄5since 2000; Whereas the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, partnering with other enti-ties of the United States and individual States and territories, directs the national TB elimination program, coordinates TB sur-veillance, technical assistance, and preven-tion activities, and helps to support the de-velopment of new diagnostic, treatment, and prevention tools to combat TB; Whereas the National Institutes of Health, through its many institutes and centers, plays the leading role in basic and clinical research on the identification, treatment, and prevention of TB; Whereas the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Global Fund’’), to which the United States is a top financial donor, pro-vides more than 65 percent of all inter-national financing for TB programs; Whereas, to date, Global Fund-supported programs have detected and treated 17,400,000 cases of TB; and Whereas March 24, 2018, is World Tuber-culosis Day, a day that commemorates the date in 1882 on which Dr. Robert Koch an-nounced his discovery of Mycobacterium tu-berculosis, the bacteria that causes TB: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals of World Tuber-culosis Day to raise awareness about tuber-culosis; (2) commends the progress of tuberculosis bacteria elimination efforts by entities that include the Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training, the United States Agency for International Development, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the National Institutes of Health, the World Health Organization, and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria; and (3) reaffirms the commitment to strength-en the United States leadership and effec-tiveness of the global response to tuber-culosis. f SENATE RESOLUTION 438—COM-MEMORATING THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. H
ARRIS ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 438 Whereas Congress enacted the Act of July 2, 1862 (commonly known as the ‘‘First Mor-rill Act’’) (12 Stat. 503, chapter 130; 7 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), to allow for the establishment of land-grant colleges offering programs teach-ing agriculture and the mechanic arts; Whereas on March 23, 1868, the State of California enacted the Organic Act, which— (1) established the University of California (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Univer-sity’’); and (2) entrusted the organization and govern-ment of the University to a corporate body entitled the Regents of the University; Whereas in 1869 the University opened in Oakland, California, and had an inaugural class of 40 students and 10 faculty members; Whereas, since 1869, the University has grown to include a total of 10 campuses in the following cities: San Francisco; Berke-ley; Davis; Los Angeles; Santa Barbara; Riv-erside; San Diego; Santa Cruz; Irvine; and Merced; Whereas, as of 2018, the University has more than 273,000 enrolled students and em-ploys more than 223,300 faculty, staff, and other academics; Whereas the University has graduated more than 2,000,000 living alumni; Whereas in 1870 the University decreed that the University would admit women and men equally; Whereas the University has 5 academic medical centers, which include 6 medical schools, 12 public hospitals, and 18 health professional schools; Whereas the University is affiliated with— (1) Lawrence Berkeley National Labora-tory, since 1931; (2) Los Alamos National Laboratory, since 1943; and (3) Lawrence Livermore National Labora-tory, since 1952; Whereas these 3 national laboratories are— (1) working to create advanced new tools for scientific discovery; (2) enabling transformational solutions for health and the environment; (3) enhancing the defense of the United States while reducing the global threat from terrorism; and (4) addressing other emerging national se-curity and energy challenges; Whereas, due to the commitment of the University to diversity and to providing ac-cess to higher education to all qualified stu-dents in the State of California, the Univer-sity currently enrolls the highest number of resident undergraduates in the history of the University; Whereas the faculty of the University is internationally renowned for scholarly and scientific achievements, and has helped maintain the prestige and quality of edu-cation of the University during decades of social and technological change; Whereas in 1939 University professor E. O. Lawrence received the first Nobel Prize of the University for inventing the cyclotron; Whereas 61 faculty members associated with the University have won Nobel Prizes; Whereas the faculty and alumni of the Uni-versity include hundreds of MacArthur ‘‘Ge-nius’’ grant winners, Pulitzer Prize winners, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.023 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1794 March 19, 2018 
Fulbright Award recipients, National Medal of Science winners, prominent policy mak-ers, athletes, and thespians; Whereas the University established the fields of nuclear physics and biotechnology, revolutionized agriculture, and helped the movie industry mature; Whereas the University, through faculty and alumni, continues to drive technological innovation and actively partners with pri-vate industry; and Whereas the University continues to ad-dress the most pressing issues in the world: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the University of Cali-fornia (referred to in this resolving clause as the ‘‘University’’) on the 150th anniversary of the founding of the University; (2) recognizes and celebrates the 150 years of history, legacy, and achievements of the University; (3) recognizes the achievements of all of the administrators, professors, students, and staff members who have contributed to the success of the University; (4) reaffirms the commitment of the Sen-ate to ensuring access to a quality and af-fordable higher education across the United States; and (5) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) the President of the University; and (B) the Provost and Executive Vice Presi-dent for Academic Affairs of the University. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce a resolution that honors one of the most venerable institutions in our State: the Univer-sity of California. The resolution before us commemo-rates the one hundred and fiftieth anni-versary of the founding of the Univer-sity of California, a noteworthy mile-stone that must be celebrated by recog-nizing all of the achievements. I would like to thank my dear friend, Senator H
ARRIS , for joining me and supporting this endeavor. Throughout its history, the Univer-sity of California has become a founda-tion, and a beacon of hope, for the State of California and the Nation as a whole. It embraces the same spirit and tenacity that defines our great State. The University of California has grown from one campus in Berkeley to a system of 10 top-ranked universities, five notable and top-notch academic medical centers, and three affiliated National Laboratories, all impacting far reaches of the State. We should recognize the University of California for what it is: the finest and most accessible public university system in this country. It was estab-lished on the premise that college is for everyone and designed with every Cali-fornian in mind. That is why the Uni-versity of California’s Board of Regents in 1870 decreed that women be admitted equally with men, 50 years before the adoption of the Nineteenth Amend-ment, which granted women the right to vote. Diversity has always been a corner-stone of the University of California. Because of its progressive and forward- thinking ways, notable alumni include Jackie Robinson, who shattered the Major League Baseball’s color barrier; Sally Ride, the first American woman in space; and the countless number of students and faculty members who are the first generation in their families to attend college. Today, the University of California has more than 273,000 enrolled students and employs more than 223,300 faculty, staff, and other academics. It has grad-uated more than two million living alumni. The University of California is also a national leader in scientific discovery and medical advancement, enabling transformational solutions for healthcare and the environment, en-hancing our Nation’s defense while re-ducing the global threat from ter-rorism, and addressing other emerging national security and energy chal-lenges. It established itself in the fields of nuclear physics and biotechnology, revolutionized agriculture, and helped the movie industry mature, all of which are now multi-billion-dollar in-dustries. Through its faculty and alum-ni, the University continues to drive technological innovation and actively partner with the private sector. Mr. President, before I yield the floor, I would like to end with a small anecdote. Every year in our household, we always look forward to the ‘‘Big Game.’’ For the uninitiated, this is the biggest college football game of the year: the Stanford Cardinal versus the California Golden Bears. This is the oldest college football rivalry in the West, which began in 1892, and still continues to this day. I do not hold it against those who attended Berkeley, but I will be happy to gloat when my Cardinal beat the Bears. I am not one to boast, but it must be noted that Stanford has won more ‘‘Big Games’’ than Berkeley. All quips aside, as we commemorate this momentous occasion in the storied history that is the University of Cali-fornia, we must remember the past and present, with an eye towards the fu-ture. The challenges before it are great, but the potential that lies with-in itself is even greater. I know and be-lieve that the University of California will continue to push boundaries, ex-plore the great unknown, stand up for American values, and continue to solve the world’s most complex problems. Here is to another exceptional 150 years. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 439—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF MULTIPLE SCLE-ROSIS AWARENESS WEEK Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions: 
S. R ES. 439 Whereas multiple sclerosis (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘MS’’) can impact individ-uals of all ages, races, and ethnicities, but MS is at least 2 to 3 times more common in women than in men; Whereas there are approximately 2,300,000 individuals worldwide who have been diag-nosed with MS; Whereas MS is typically diagnosed in indi-viduals between the ages of 20 and 50, but it is estimated that between 8,000 and 10,000 children and adolescents are living with MS in the United States; Whereas MS is an unpredictable, often dis-abling disease of the central nervous system that disrupts the flow of information within the brain and between the brain and the body; Whereas symptoms of MS range from numbness and tingling to vision problems and paralysis, and the progress, severity, and specific symptoms of MS in any 1 person can-not yet be predicted; Whereas, while there is no evidence that MS is directly inherited, studies show that there are genetic and environmental factors that give certain individuals a higher risk of developing MS; Whereas the exact cause of MS is un-known, and there is no cure for MS; Whereas the Multiple Sclerosis Coalition, a national network of independent MS organi-zations dedicated to the enhancement of the quality of life of individuals affected by MS, recognizes and supports Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; Whereas the mission of the Multiple Scle-rosis Coalition is to increase opportunities for cooperation and to provide greater oppor-tunity to leverage the effective use of re-sources for the benefit of the MS commu-nity; Whereas the United States plays a critical role in coordinating MS research globally and amplifies the impact of research in the United States through which results are de-livered to MS patients; Whereas, in 2012, the National Multiple Sclerosis Society was a founding member of the International Progressive MS Alliance, which coordinates research to accelerate the development of treatments for progressive MS by removing international scientific and technological barriers and, as of 2018, in-cludes 17 MS organizations from 17 coun-tries, 9 foundation and trust members, and 7 pharmaceutical partners; Whereas the Multiple Sclerosis Coalition recognizes and supports Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week during March each year; Whereas the goals of Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week are— (1) to invite people to join the movement to end MS; (2) to encourage everyone to do something to demonstrate a commitment to moving to-ward a world free of MS; and (3) to acknowledge those who have dedi-cated time and talent to help promote MS research and programs; and Whereas, in 2018, Multiple Sclerosis Aware-ness Week is recognized during the week of March 11 through March 17: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Mul-tiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; (2) encourages States, localities, and the territories and possessions of the United States to support the goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week by issuing proclamations designating Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; (3) encourages media organizations— (A) to participate in Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; and (B) to help provide education to the public about multiple sclerosis; (4) commends the efforts of States, local-ities, and the territories and possessions of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.024 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1795 March 19, 2018 
the United States to support the goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; (5) recognizes and reaffirms the commit-ment of the United States to ending multiple sclerosis by— (A) promoting awareness about individuals that are affected by multiple sclerosis; and (B) supporting multiple sclerosis research and education programs; (6) recognizes all individuals in the United States living with multiple sclerosis; (7) expresses gratitude to the family mem-bers and friends of individuals living with multiple sclerosis, who are a source of love and encouragement for those individuals; and (8) salutes the health care professionals and medical researchers who— (A) provide assistance to individuals af-fected by multiple sclerosis; and (B) continue to work to find ways— (i) to stop multiple sclerosis; (ii) to restore what has been lost due to multiple sclerosis; and (iii) to end multiple sclerosis forever. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2212. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1865, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sexual ex-ploitation of children or sex trafficking, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2213. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1865, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2214. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. G RASS -
LEY) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3731, to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2212. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1865, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex-ual exploitation of children or sex traf-ficking, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. EFFECT ON LIABILITY OF EFFORTS TO IDENTIFY, RESTRICT ACCESS TO, OR REMOVE OBJECTIONABLE MATE-RIAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 230(c) of the Com-munications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF EFFORTS TO IDENTIFY , RE-
STRICT ACCESS TO , OR REMOVE OBJECTIONABLE  
MATERIAL .— ‘‘(A) E
FFECT ON CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LIABIL -
ITY GENERALLY .—The fact that a provider or user of an interactive computer service has undertaken any efforts (including moni-toring and filtering) to identify, restrict ac-cess to, or remove material the provider or user considers objectionable shall not be con-sidered in determining the criminal or civil liability of the provider or user for any ma-terial that the provider or user has not re-moved or restricted access to. ‘‘(B) EFFECT ON PROTECTIONS .—The protec-tions under paragraphs (1) and (2) are not limited by or contingent upon an interactive computer service provider’s— ‘‘(i) moderation of content; or ‘‘(ii) use of particular content moderation practices.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall— (1) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) apply regardless of whether the conduct alleged occurred, or is alleged to have oc-curred, before, on, or after such date of en-actment. 
SA 2213. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1865, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex-ual exploitation of children or sex traf-ficking, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROTECTING SEX TRAFFICKING VIC-TIMS FROM CRIMINAL WEBSITES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Sex Trafficking Vic-tims from Criminal Websites Act’’. (b) A
PPROPRIATION OF FUNDS .—Out of funds of the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there are appropriated to the Attorney Gen-eral, for use in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Direc-tor of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to investigate and prosecute website operators that criminally facilitate sex trafficking or the sexual exploitation of children. (c) A
VAILABLE UNTIL EXPENDED .—Amounts appropriated under subsection (b) shall re-main available until expended. (d) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS .— (1) PAYGO 
SCORECARD .—The budgetary ef-fects of this section shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursu-ant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As- You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(d)). (2) S
ENATE PAYGO SCORECARD .—The budg-etary effects of this section shall not be en-tered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
SA 2214. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3731, to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Secret Serv-ice Recruitment and Retention Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF OVERTIME PAY EXCEP-TION THROUGH 2018 FOR PROTEC-TIVE SERVICES. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2 of the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 (5 U.S.C. 5547 note) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘IN 
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘ DURING 2016 THROUGH  
2018’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2016, 2017, or 2018’’; and (C) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, and only to the extent that an appropriation is provided specifically in an appropriations Act for premium pay in excess of the annual equivalent of the limitation on the rate of pay contained in section 5547(a), any covered employee may receive premium pay during 2016, 2017, and 2018, to the extent provided under section 118 of the Treasury and Gen-eral Government Appropriations Act, 2001 (5 U.S.C. 5547 note).’’. (2) C
LARIFYING PROVISION .—Section 118 of the Treasury and General Government Ap-propriations Act, 2001 (5 U.S.C. 5547 note) is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or 3056A’’ after ‘‘section 3056(a)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if enacted on December 31, 2016. (c) R
EPORT ON EXTENSIONS .—Not later than January 30, 2018, and January 30, 2019, the Di-rector of the Secret Service shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the effects of the amendment made by subsection (a)(2). The report shall include, with respect to the previous cal-endar year— (1) the total number of United States Se-cret Service personnel receiving premium pay above the premium pay limitation in subsection (a) of section 5547 of title 5, United States Code; (2) the total amount of premium pay for that calendar year paid to United States Se-cret Service personnel above the premium pay limitation in such subsection; (3) the mean and median amount of pre-mium pay paid to United States Secret Serv-ice personnel above the premium pay limita-tion in such subsection; (4) the greatest amount paid to United States Secret Service personnel above the premium pay limitation in such subsection and the number of employees who received that amount; (5) notwithstanding the amendments made by subsection (a), the total number of United States Secret Service personnel who were not fully compensated for service because of the premium pay earnings limitation in sec-tion 118 of the Treasury and General Govern-ment Appropriations Act, 2001 (5 U.S.C. 5547 note); (6) the total amount of premium pay United States Secret Service personnel would have been paid but for the premium pay earnings limitation in such section; and (7) a list of United States Secret Service personnel who, within the calendar year, re-ceived premium pay above the premium pay limitation in subsection (a) of section 5547 of title 5, United States Code, and separated from the agency, including the type of sepa-ration in each case. 
SEC. 3. REPORT OF THE COMPTROLLER GEN-ERAL OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Not later than 1 year after the effective date of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study and submit to the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.027 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1796 March 19, 2018 
the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the extent of the progress made by the United States Secret Service in im-plementing the recommendations of the United States Secret Service Protective Mis-sion Panel, including in particular those items pertaining to training and personnel enumerated in the Executive Summary to Report from the United States Secret Serv-ice Protective Mission Panel to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security dated Decem-ber 15, 2014. f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 96– 388, as amended by Public Law 97–84, and Public Law 106–292, appoints the following Senator to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council: the Hon-orable B
ENJAMIN L. C ARDIN of Mary-land. The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), appoints the following Senator to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: the Honorable J
OEMANCHIN  III of West Virginia, from the Com-mittee on Appropriations. 
f 
SECRET SERVICE RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3731 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3731) to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Grass-ley substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2214) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Secret Serv-ice Recruitment and Retention Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF OVERTIME PAY EXCEP-TION THROUGH 2018 FOR PROTEC-TIVE SERVICES. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2 of the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 (5 U.S.C. 5547 note) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
IN 
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘ DURING 2016 THROUGH  
2018’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2016, 2017, or 2018’’; and (C) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, and only to the extent that an appropriation is provided specifically in an appropriations Act for premium pay in excess of the annual equivalent of the limitation on the rate of pay contained in section 5547(a), any covered employee may receive premium pay during 2016, 2017, and 2018, to the extent provided under section 118 of the Treasury and Gen-eral Government Appropriations Act, 2001 (5 U.S.C. 5547 note).’’. (2) C
LARIFYING PROVISION .—Section 118 of the Treasury and General Government Ap-propriations Act, 2001 (5 U.S.C. 5547 note) is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or 3056A’’ after ‘‘section 3056(a)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if enacted on December 31, 2016. (c) R
EPORT ON EXTENSIONS .—Not later than January 30, 2018, and January 30, 2019, the Di-rector of the Secret Service shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the effects of the amendment made by subsection (a)(2). The report shall include, with respect to the previous cal-endar year— (1) the total number of United States Se-cret Service personnel receiving premium pay above the premium pay limitation in subsection (a) of section 5547 of title 5, United States Code; (2) the total amount of premium pay for that calendar year paid to United States Se-cret Service personnel above the premium pay limitation in such subsection; (3) the mean and median amount of pre-mium pay paid to United States Secret Serv-ice personnel above the premium pay limita-tion in such subsection; (4) the greatest amount paid to United States Secret Service personnel above the premium pay limitation in such subsection and the number of employees who received that amount; (5) notwithstanding the amendments made by subsection (a), the total number of United States Secret Service personnel who were not fully compensated for service because of the premium pay earnings limitation in sec-tion 118 of the Treasury and General Govern-ment Appropriations Act, 2001 (5 U.S.C. 5547 note); (6) the total amount of premium pay United States Secret Service personnel would have been paid but for the premium pay earnings limitation in such section; and (7) a list of United States Secret Service personnel who, within the calendar year, re-ceived premium pay above the premium pay limitation in subsection (a) of section 5547 of title 5, United States Code, and separated from the agency, including the type of sepa-ration in each case. 
SEC. 3. REPORT OF THE COMPTROLLER GEN-ERAL OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Not later than 1 year after the effective date of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study and submit to the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the extent of the progress made by the United States Secret Service in im-plementing the recommendations of the United States Secret Service Protective Mis-sion Panel, including in particular those items pertaining to training and personnel enumerated in the Executive Summary to Report from the United States Secret Serv-ice Protective Mission Panel to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security dated Decem-ber 15, 2014. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H. R. 3731), as amended, was passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 20; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. I further ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 1865. Finally, I ask that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly con-ference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:18 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, March 20, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC PRESERVATION  
AIMEE KATHRYN JORJANI, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC PRESERVATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 19, 2021, VICE MILFORD WAYNE DONALDSON, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
ELIZABETH DARLING, OF TEXAS, TO BE COMMISSIONER ON CHILDREN, YOUTH , AND FAMILIES, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, VICE RAFAEL J. LOPEZ. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JOSEPH N. MONDELLO, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
MARK SCHULTZ, OF NEBRASKA, TO BE COMMISSIONER OF THE REHABILITATION SERVICES ADMINISTRATION, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, VICE JANET LORRAINE LABRECK. 
PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  
BOARD  
EDWARD W. FELTEN, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 29, 2019, VICE PATRICIA M. WALD, RETIRED. JANE NITZE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVER-SIGHT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 29, 2023, VICE RACHEL L. BRAND, TERM EXPIRED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.031 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1797 March 19, 2018 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
TIA W. CAPHART THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
NAPOLEON A. CAMPOS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
KEVIN R. EMBRY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ANDREW J. FURJANIC THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
DANIEL L. LEE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be colonel 
JOHN M. WILLIAMS 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate March 19, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
NAZAKHTAR NIKAKHTAR, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
KEVIN K. MCALEENAN, OF HAWAII, TO BE COMMIS-SIONER OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION, DE-PARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.002 S19MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE333 March 19, 2018 
RECOGNIZING J OANNE POWELL 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a staple of the San Angelo commu-nity and an invaluable asset on my team, Mrs. JoAnne Powell. Later this week, she’ll be hon-ored as the 2017 Special Friends of Con-servation by the Tom Green Soil & Water Conservation Board. JoAnne has assisted constituents in the Concho Valley throughout my entire tenure, a service that started in 1984 while working for then Rep. Tom Loeffler and eventually Rep. Lamar Smith. Since then, JoAnne has tire-lessly worked with constituents on issues they may be experiencing with federal agencies, such as the Social Security Administration, the VA, and the NRCS. The relationships JoAnne has built with these agencies have led to thou-sands of these cases being resolved for these constituents. JoAnne also serves as coordinator for our annual service academy application nomina-tions, which is a year-round process for her. With JoAnne’s assistance, many of the young men and women in our district go on to serve our nation and attend one of our distinguished service academies. Through her big heart and drive to serve Tom Green County, JoAnne works closely with many agriculture groups that support West Texas. Her compassion and dedication has made her a special member of my team. I congratulate JoAnne, and cannot think of a more deserving recipient of this year’s Spe-cial Friends of Conservation Award. 
f 
HONORING THE WARTBURG COLLEGE WRESTLING TEAM 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Wartburg College wrestling team for winning this year’s NCAA Division III National Championship. Wartburg College is located in Waverly, Iowa and this is their third-straight title out of the fourteen they have won in NCAA National Championship history. These young men have sacrificed much of their lives to hold this title—spending more time in the gym and more time practicing to continue improving. Through their hard work, dedication, and sacrifice, they have made their family, friends, Wartburg College, and north-east Iowa proud. With that being said, Mr. Speaker, I con-gratulate the Wartburg College wrestling team, Coach Keller, Coach Ortner, and the Wartburg College community, on their well-deserved championship. Go Knights. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present for roll call votes on March 15, 2018 as I had to return to California to attend a funeral. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘YES’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 109, ‘‘YES’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 110, ‘‘YES’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 111, ‘‘YES’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 112, ‘‘NO’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 113, and ‘‘NO’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 114. 
f 
HONORING AMBASSADOR MARCH FONG EU 
HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the long, full life of a po-litical trailblazer, the Honorable March Fong Eu. After more than thirty years in public serv-ice, March Fong Eu leaves behind a legacy of respected leadership and broken barriers. Her success opened doors for immigrants and women throughout the state of California. A daughter of Chinese immigrants, her de-sire for equality can be traced back to her time in high school, when a school counselor dis-couraged her from pursuing a career in the sciences because she believed her Chinese ancestry would prevent anyone from hiring her. She was not deterred and she pursued education to the highest levels. After grad-uating from the University of California Berke-ley in 1943 with a bachelor’s degree in dental hygiene, she received her master’s degree in education at Mills College. She then received a doctorate in education from Stanford Univer-sity in 1954. Ambassador Fong Eu built a career that paved the way for women and Asian Ameri-cans who followed her. She first became inter-ested in politics while serving as the first fe-male president of the American Dental Hy-gienists Association from 1944 to 1947. Years later, she entered the world of politics as the first female Asian American to be elected to the Alameda County Board of Education, where she served from 1961 to 1966. She was also the first Asian American woman to be elected to the California State Assembly, where she represented the 15th District for four terms from 1966 to 1974. In 1974, she became the first female Cali-fornia Secretary of State, and the first Asian American to be elected to a California con-stitutional office. At the time, she was the re-cipient of the highest vote total for a statewide elected office, and won reelection to four more terms. In 1994, President Bill Clinton ap-pointed her as U.S. Ambassador to the Fed-erated States of Micronesia. Ambassador Fong Eu believed everyone should be treated equally regardless of their gender or ethnicity, and her accomplishments while in office reflect those beliefs. One of her most important campaigns was the successful ban on pay toilets in public buildings. She ar-gued that while men’s urinals were free, women were treated as second-class citizens because they were being unfairly charged for the use of public bathrooms. While serving as Secretary of State, she championed voting rights and dramatically expanded access to voting by implementing voter registration by mail, absentee ballots upon request, and al-lowing voters to register at the Department of Motor Vehicles and other state agencies. She is an inspiration and role model for all Californians. As more women and minorities are elected to public office, March Fong Eu’s legacy will carry on as they continue the fight for equality and justice. f 
TRIBUTE IN MEMORY OF PIKEVILLE POLICE OFFICER SCOTTY HAMILTON 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, it is with great heaviness of heart that I and all of Kentucky mourn the tragic and untimely death of Officer Scotty Hamilton, a 12-year veteran of the Pikeville Police Department. Eastern Kentucky lost one of its bravest sons on March 13, 2018 when Officer Ham-ilton paid the ultimate sacrifice while valiantly serving and protecting the community he loved. Since joining the police force in 2006, Officer Hamilton served with immense integ-rity, earning the utmost respect of his col-leagues and courageously giving his all to the City of Pikeville. In 2013, Officer Hamilton was honored as the Pikeville Police Department’s very first Of-ficer of the Year. It was an accolade he right-fully earned as one of the Police Chief’s ‘‘right hand men’’—a dependable and exemplary offi-cer. Outside of the police force, Scotty Hamilton loved living in the Appalachian Mountains and could often be found hunting and trail-riding with his family and friends. It was perhaps the great pride he had for his hometown that drove his desire to serve and protect the peo-ple who live there. In fact, he volunteered for numerous assignments and charity events to give back as much as he could. The value of our rural law enforcement pro-fessionals, like Officer Hamilton, is immeas-urable. Holding to their core principles of duty and sacrifice with unwavering dedication, our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MR8.001 E19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE334 March 19, 2018 
police officers never fail to respond, regardless of the unknown dangers and threats that arise. I’m reminded of the true definition of love in John 15:13, ‘‘Greater love has no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ What a legacy of love, bravery and sacrifice Officer Hamilton leaves to inspire our nation. My wife, Cynthia, and I extend our deepest heartfelt sympathies to Officer Hamilton’s wife, daughter, parents and his extended family, in-cluding his brothers and sisters in blue at the Pikeville Police Department. Let us remember Officer Scotty Hamilton as a true American hero. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CONSERVATION BEYOND BORDERS 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I wish to recog-nize Conservation Beyond Borders and their tireless work to eradicate the illegal poaching of Rhinoceros’ and the subsequent trafficking of their horns which are used to fund illicit ac-tivities. This form of wildlife terrorism promotes the trafficking of humans, arms, and narcotics as well as other illegal activities around the world. As a University of Minnesota graduate and wildlife biologist, Nicole Benjamin-Fink serves as the Director of Conservation Beyond Bor-ders and has spent countless hours working to identify the illegal trade of wildlife by global operative networks whose goal is to utilize en-dangered animals, like the rhinoceros, as trade commodities. Through the creation of Conservation Beyond Borders, Nicole has raised awareness and promoted cross-cultural conservation around the world. Like Conservation Beyond Borders, I too be-lieve in the importance of identifying the causes and impact of wildlife terrorism. I am honored to recognize outstanding Minnesotans like Nicole for their efforts to preserve our wildlife and end the criminal financing of ter-rorism. I commend Conservation Beyond Borders for their efforts to conduct comprehensive re-search on these criminal networks and for at-tempting to ensure that all wildlife have the opportunity to flourish in their native homelands. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TWO EXEMPLARY OREGONIANS 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of my friends, and two exemplary Oregonians who have dedicated their lives to service of their community and country. Re-tired Lieutenant Colonel Les Cochenour and his wife, Jody, are stalwart citizens of The Dalles, Oregon—my birthplace—who will be relocating from their treasured home in the Columbia Gorge to start a new chapter in their lives in Bend. Before Les and Jody’s new chapter begins, though, I would be remiss if I did not provide a brief account of their impactful chapters writ-ten in Wasco County. Like me, both Les and Jody were raised in The Dalles. They are both proud alumni of The Dalles High School—high school sweet-hearts who graduated one year apart from each other and married just a few short months after Jody graduated. The foundation of their 56-year-long marriage began in high school, and so did the start of an inseparable duo of public servants. Les entered the local National Guard Unit as a private straight out of high school. With a work ethic acquired at a young age on his farm in Dallesport, Les soon went on to officer candidate school and became a second lieu-tenant. After more than two decades in the National Guard, Les joined the Army reserve, where he was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and re-tired after another decade of service. Les’ mili-tary record spans 31 years with the Army re-serves, and 42 years as a military officer. Just as his military service was winding down, Les’ community service in The Dalles was just beginning. Les served as Mayor of The Dalles for two terms from 1990–1994. His leadership qualities and dedication to his con-stituents, including the planning of the Fort Dalles Readiness Center, earned him the po-sition of President of the Oregon Mayor’s As-sociation in 1994. A veteran himself, Les made it a top priority in his life to serve his fellow service men and women. He served on the board of the Or-egon Veterans’ Home for five years, dedi-cating his time to providing veterans and their families with a place to seek care, rehabilita-tion, and a roof over their heads. Les is a founding member of the Mid-Co-lumbia Veteran’s Memorial Committee, pro-viding another venue for service to his fellow veterans. All the while, Les has had a partner in this admirable endeavor of service to those who have served our country: his wife, Jody. Jody, also a public servant who worked for the state in the Building Codes Division, is a board member of Mid-Columbia Veterans and a lifetime member of The Dalles Veterans of Foreign War Auxillary. A trailblazer of her own right, Jody launched the Red Crested Purple Breasted Cronies, a chapter of the National Red Hat Society that donates to a charity of their choosing each month. Les and Jody have not been without rec-ognition for their unique history of devoted service to others. Les has been honored with the bronze medallion of the Order of St. George from the U.S. Calvary and Armor As-sociation, a prestigious honor that recognizes the long and honorable service to cavalry and armor, and recognizes the very best cavalry-man. Jody was awarded the Order of St. Joan D’Arc, an equally prestigious recognition for a spouse with ‘‘significant voluntary contributions to the morale, spirit and welfare of the armor and cavalry communities.’’ Suffice to say, today will be just one of many accounts of Les and Jody Cochenour’s service to their fellow citizens in The Dalles, and people across America. While their ad-dress may change, I know that their commit-ment to our state and country will not. Their home will always be in The Dalles, and their legacy of service to others will cer-tainly be passed along to their five grand-children, and three great-grandchildren, and I imagine it will only be a matter of time before their impact will be profoundly felt by the com-munity in Bend. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the whole House of Representatives and the people of The Dalles, please join me in expressing our sin-cerest thanks and gratitude to Les and Jody Cochenour for their lifelong dedication to com-munity and country. f 
RECOGNIZING JUDGE THOMAS PATTERSON ‘‘PATT’’ MANEY 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize and pay tribute to a local hero who has dedicated his life to humble service; serv-ice to his country, service to others, and serv-ice to the bench. One can get a slight under-standing of the impact he’s had on the lives of others by some of the powerful testimonies his colleagues will give about the man and his work, such as, ‘‘you will not find a more force-ful advocate for justice’’ and ‘‘he is an irre-placeable asset to Okaloosa County.’’ The history of the life and work of Judge T. Patterson Maney is nothing short of astound-ing. In 1974, he was admitted to the Bars of Kentucky and Florida and after a year of prac-tice in Kentucky, moved to Okaloosa County where he established a general practice. He was appointed Okaloosa County Court Judge by Governor Bob Martinez and took the bench on June 5, 1989. Brigadier General Maney’s military service and experience played an intricate role in shaping his service on the bench. He served in the Army Reserve for almost 37 years in positions of increasing responsibility retiring as a brigadier general in 2007. During his reserve service, he was deployed to Panama, Haiti, Bosnia and Afghanistan for contingency oper-ations. He commanded a reserve civil affairs brigade in Maryland as well as the 350 Civil Affairs Command in Pensacola and later served as the deputy commander of the Civil Affairs and Psychological Operations Com-mand (Airborne) and deputy commandant of the John F. Kennedy Special Operations School (Airborne) at Fort Bragg. In Bosnia, he served as the special assistant to the chief of staff and later as acting chief of staff of the Of-fice of the High Representative, an inter-national organization created to implement the Dayton Peace Accord. He played a key role in freedom of movement issues and security of meetings of the Bosnian tripartite Presidency and the visit of His Holiness Pope John Paul II to Sarajevo in April 1997. Later, in Afghani-stan for 17 months, he served the U.S. Am-bassador as senior advisor for the political sector with the status of attache´. In that role, he coordinated with the office of the presi-dency, various ministers including the Min-isters of Justice and the Supreme Court, and the Joint Election Monitoring Commission. In 2005, Brigadier General Maney was se-verely injured by a blast in Afghanistan and spent nearly 2 years recovering from those in-juries. Brigadier General Maney returned tri-umphantly to the bench in May 2007. He has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MR8.005 E19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE335 March 19, 2018 
since been a staunch champion for veterans, mental health, and civil rights. Judge Maney’s personal experience as a wounded warrior helped inspire him to create a Veterans Court in 2010 that, since then, has helped veterans dealing with issues related to their military service avoid getting caught up in the legal system. His advocacy and support of mental health has also been a cornerstone of his career. Judge Maney started the Okaloosa Mental Health Court and has been appointed three times to the Supreme Court’s Task Force on Mental Health and Substance Abuse, where he advocated for passage of a veterans treat-ment court bill and for a revision of Florida’s mental health laws. The Veterans Treatment Court Act was named for him, a singular honor for a county court judge. Because of his service as the Okaloosa judge supervising Baker/Marchman Act cases, he served on the statutory ‘‘Suicide Prevention Coordinating Council’’, 2010 to 2014. He also served on the statutory ‘‘Florida Defense Support Task Force’’, 2011 to 2015 where he successfully pushed for the passage of a veterans treat-ment court law. As a judge who fulfilled statu-tory duties as head of the election canvassing board, he successfully supported two amend-ments to Florida election law to protect the voting and privacy rights of military service members. Patt Maney’s guidance and expertise has been and will continue to be an invaluable asset to Northwest Florida. His determination and selfless service are an inspiration to all who are blessed to know and work with him. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize and honor Judge Maney for his countless contribu-tions and accomplishments. I’d like to extend my gratitude to him for all that he has done for his country and community. As he will be retir-ing his gavel soon, I would like it included in the R
ECORD of the United States Congress, that there is absolutely no doubt that Judge T. Patterson Maney has served fairly, patiently, and followed the law. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF FONA’S WORKPLACE EXCELLENCE 
HON. RANDY HULTGREN 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, it’s not every day that long-term sustained excellence can be duly recognized. FONA International of Geneva, Illinois, pro-vides just such an opportunity, however. I am privileged to extend my enthusiastic congratu-lations to Joe Slawek and the employees of FONA International for being named a Na-tional Best & Brightest Company to Work For by the National Association of Business Re-sources—for the seventh year in a row. FONA International creates and produces flavors for many of the largest food, beverage, and nutritional companies in the world. It has been doing this for 30 years—a testament to its sustained excellence and commitment to serving customers through cutting-edge tech-nology and personal attention. CEO and Founder Joe Slawek calls this the ‘‘high-tech, high touch’’ approach. He founded FONA International in 1987 on these prin-ciples. He built a business that could compete with the largest flavor companies but stay con-nected with customers and his family of em-ployees in a way that only a small business can. The honor of this award speaks to that success. FONA International has been cited by For-tune magazine as one of the top fifty best places to work for medium-sized businesses nationwide. Fortune also named FONA Inter-national as the Number 1 workplace in Chicagoland. To be selected just once as a National Best & Brightest Company would be a distinguished honor. To receive this award seven years in a row is nothing less than a spectacular achievement. I congratulate Joe Slawek and the employ-ees of FONA International for this remarkable recognition. I thank FONA International for its years of service to the local community and for its leadership in the flavor production in-dustry. I wish you continued success in the fu-ture. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent due to a family emergency. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 104; YEA on Roll Call No. 105; YEA on Roll Call No. 106; NAY on Roll Call No. 107; YEA on Roll Call No. 108; NAY on Roll Call No. 109; YEA on Roll Call No. 110; NAY on Roll Call No.111; YEA on Roll Call No. 112; YEA on Roll Call No. 113, and YEA on Roll Call No. 114. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LEE HOLLOWAY 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my friend Lee Holloway. He served for 20 years in Milwaukee County in many positions including: a Milwaukee County Supervisor and Chairman for the Milwaukee County Board and County Executive of Mil-waukee County. Mr. Lee Holloway passed away on March 14, 2018 at the age of 71. Mr. Holloway was a life-long Milwaukee resi-dent. He was a product of the public school system and a graduate of Lincoln High School where he excelled at football. He was granted an athletic scholarship to the University of Ar-kansas and graduated in 1969 and earned an M.S. in developmental disabilities from the University of Wisconsin—Milwaukee in 1972. Prior to becoming an elected official, Lee Holloway was a guidance counselor at Messmer High School. He was a health care field innovator and served as the Chief Oper-ating Officer of both the Inner City Develop-ment Project-North and the Milwaukee Com-prehensive Community Health Center. Mr. Holloway championed healthcare for the poor and unemployed people. Lee Holloway was initially elected in 1992 as a Milwaukee County Supervisor rep-resenting the 5th District and in 2004 became the first African American elected as Chairman of the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors and served in this position for 8 years. In 2010, he became the first African American County Executive of Milwaukee County for a brief period where he served dually in this po-sition and that as Chair of the Milwaukee County Board. Mr. Holloway led efforts to cre-ate a county general assistance health safety net program; this program was later expanded statewide as Badger Care. He also success-fully led the effort to win voter approval of a county sales tax increase in a 2008 ref-erendum. Mr. Holloway and his wife Lynda were very involved in the Milwaukee Kickers Club; they guided the Simba League to provide an en-trance for inner city youth to participate in soc-cer through the Milwaukee Kickers Club. Lee Holloway leaves behind his loving wife Lynda, six sons and two granddaughters and five grandsons and a host of other relatives and friends to mourn his passing. He leaves a strong legacy of leadership for his children and grandchildren to model. Mr. Speaker, Lee Holloway was a Mil-waukee and Wisconsin trailblazer and will be remembered for his service to the 4th Con-gressional District. I urge you and my col-leagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in a salute to the late Lee Holloway. f 
VISIT OF PRESIDENT OF GHANA 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to sa-lute His Excellency Nana Akufo-Addo and the people of Ghana on the occasion of President Akufo-Addo’s visit to the United States. Ghana tops many lists of Africa’s most peaceful and stable democracies, boasting an uninterrupted series of free and fair elections since 1992 that have seen power change hands between the two major parties three times. Freedom House ranks Ghana first on the continent for political and civil liberties. It was the first country in sub-Saharan Africa to achieve the United Nations Millennium Devel-opment Goal of halving the number of its peo-ple in extreme poverty, achieving this mile-stone well ahead of the 2015 target. The World Bank places Ghana first in its West Afri-can sub-region for ease of doing business. Since his election, economic growth has surged from 3.6 percent to 7.9 percent. The World Bank projects an additional increase of 8.3 percent in 2018, making Ghana one of the world’s fastest-growing economies. At the same time, Ghana’s budget deficit as a pro-portion of GDP has been slashed from 9.3 percent to 5.6 percent even as the govern-ment has cut taxes. That would become an international cultural landmark. The school ap-peared in many movies and television shows until 1971, when portions sustained damage in the Sylmar earthquake, and then were rav-aged by fire while awaiting assessment and repair. Underpinned by a rich endowment of oil, gold and cocoa, Ghana’s $43 billion economy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MR8.002 E19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE336 March 19, 2018 
is becoming increasingly diversified. Expan-sion outside the commodity sector and re-newed confidence in the government’s ability to manage its finances are seen by analysts as key drivers of the country’s current per-formance and growing attractiveness as a destination for the U.S. and other investors. During President Akufo-Addo’s American visit, he will receive an Exemplary Leadership award from: The Africa Society of the National Summit on Africa; AllAfrica Foundation; The Constituency for Africa; The Corporate Council on Africa; Invest Africa USA; The U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce/U.S.-Africa Business Center; Africare; and The Whitaker Group. I stand with them to honor his work as Ghana continues to be a beacon of hope, a model for democracy and a leader on the African continent. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SERGEANT THOMAS HOGSHEAD ON HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sergeant Thomas Hogshead, who is retiring from the Village of Cherry Valley Po-lice Department. Sergeant Hogshead has hon-orably dedicated his service to the citizens of Winnebago and Boone Counties and the Vil-lage of Cherry Valley for the past 25 years, and he will be greatly missed. Sergeant Hogshead entered the line of duty with the Village of Cherry Valley Police De-partment on November 3, 1993. Since then, he has worked hard to secure the safety of the citizens of Winnebago and Boone Coun-ties and his community. Through his tireless work ethic and professionalism he has set the tone for the rest of his department to follow. Someone once said, ‘‘A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way,’’ and Sergeant Hogshead has proven himself to be a leader to follow. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Sergeant Hogshead for his commitment to the Village of Cherry Valley Police Department and for all of the work he has done to better our commu-nities. I congratulate him again on his well- earned retirement and wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CABARRUS COUNTY’S DIRECTOR OF EMER-GENCY MEDICAL SERVICES ALAN THOMPSON AND HIS SERV-ICE TO CABARRUS COUNTY 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize EMS Director Alan Thompson on nearly 30 years of service to North Carolina’s 8th District and for serving as the Cabarrus County Director of Emergency Medical Serv-ices. Alan has spent his life dedicated to public service. His career began as a volunteer fire-fighter until he was hired by Rowan County EMS. During this time, Alan also served our country as part of the Army National Guard. Since being hired by Cabarrus County he has applied his knowledge in EMS to our commu-nity and helped those who need it most. He has been an integral part of helping me assist our constituents and provide them with the best services possible. Over the years, Alan has been devoted to bettering lives in Cabarrus County. He worked as a paramedic field training officer, relief su-pervisor, supervisor and assistant director be-fore he took on the EMS director position. Alan has also served as a tactical paramedic, a state medical assistance team member, am-bulance strike team leader, educator, ad-vanced hazardous materials medic and track medic. As you can see, Alan’s servant heart never stops, no matter the day or time. While Alan may no longer be the EMS Di-rector, he will continue his passion for EMS as Director of Curriculum and continuing edu-cation programs for EMS and emergency management at Rowan Cabarrus Community College. This position will allow Alan to groom future EMS technicians and paramedics. I have no doubt the students under his leader-ship and experience will become the best in North Carolina. I am extremely grateful for Alan’s service to our community and I wish him continued success. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in hon-oring EMS Director Alan Thompson for his service to our community. f 
TRIBUTE TO LOUISE M CINTOSH SLAUGHTER, MEMBER OF CON-GRESS, FIRST WOMAN CHAIR OF RULES COMMITTEE, AND INDE-FATIGABLE CHAMPION FOR WOMEN AND FAMILIES, THE ARTS, AND THE ENVIRONMENT 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of my dear friend and our beloved colleague, Congresswoman L
OU-
ISEMCINTOSH SLAUGHTER of New York, a trail-blazer for women, whose powerful voice was quieted this past Friday morning, March 16, 2018. L
OUISE SLAUGHTER lived a long, full, and consequential life and got the most out of the 88 years she graced this world. She will be remembered in this House for her service to her constituents and her col-leagues, her formidable intellect, her mastery of the legislative process, and her gracious-ness and kindness to all who came in contact with her. After serving four years in the New York State Assembly, L
OUISE SLAUGHTER was elect-ed to the 100th Congress in 1986 to represent the 30th Congressional District of New York, which at the time included downtown and eastern Rochester, most of eastern Monroe County, all of Genesee County and northern Livingston and Ontario counties. Reelected to the 15 succeeding Con-gresses, L
OUISE SLAUGHTER carved out a leg-acy of leadership and accomplishments in the areas of women’s rights and empowerment, the arts, health care, battlefield preparedness, economic revitalization, the environment, and social justice. Born in the coal mining town of Lynch, Ken-tucky and educated at the University of Ken-tucky where she earned degrees in microbi-ology and public health, LOUISE SLAUGHTER  understood the connection between public health and a vibrant democracy, and fought to ensure passage of the landmark Affordable Care Act. In the 112th Congress, Congresswoman L
OUISE SLAUGHTER introduced and shep-herded to passage Pub. L. 112–105, the ‘‘Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act’’ or ‘‘STOCK Act,’’ which prohibits the use of non- public information for private profit, including insider trading by members of Congress and other government employees, and requires many financial transactions by members of Congress to be reported within 45 days. Mr. Speaker, since her first years on Capitol Hill, Congresswoman L
OUISE SLAUGHTER was an advocate for women all over the world. Among her many accomplishments, Con-gresswoman L
OUISE SLAUGHTER co-authored the landmark Violence Against Women Act, ensured the first federal funding to the Na-tional Institutes of Health to research breast cancer, and was a co-founder of the Congres-sional Pro-Choice Caucus. It is particularly fitting and altogether appro-priate that this tireless champion of women, children, and families represented an area near Seneca Falls, the location of the first women’s rights convention in 1848. The dean of New York’s Congressional Del-egation, L
OUISE SLAUGHTER was the first woman to chair the powerful House Rules Committee, and the first woman to serve as Ranking Member of the Committee, and in both roles she carried the banner and led the fight for progressive values and to make our good country better. I will always remember and be grateful to Congresswoman L
OUISE SLAUGHTER for her help in my duties representing the people of the 18th Congressional District of Texas. I worked closely with Congresswoman L
OU-
ISESLAUGHTER and drew upon her counsel and assistance to shepherd scores of bills and amendments to passage that have been bene-ficial to my constituents. L
OUISE SLAUGHTER was incredibly generous with her knowledge and experience and served as a mentor to new members of Con-gress, including me. I will never forget that L
OUISE SLAUGHTER ’s advocacy continued until her last days with us, including the National Women’s March in Washington, D.C. on January 21, 2017. Mr. Speaker, L
OUISE SLAUGHTER was an iron fist in a velvet glove. A native of Kentucky, L
OUISE SLAUGHTER  never lost her Southern twang and charm. L
OUISE SLAUGHTER effortlessly mixed humor with logic to win over skeptics. And then after disarming you, L
OUISE  S
LAUGHTER made her move. Through her words and deeds, L
OUISE  S
LAUGHTER worked to make the lives of all Americans better. L
OUISE SLAUGHTER was a dear friend and her loss leaves a void in my heart. It is my prayer that the Lord brings comfort to the many people—those whom L
OUISE  knew and those who felt they knew L
OUISE  S
LAUGHTER —who know that a mighty oak has fallen and are heartbroken at the loss. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MR8.006 E19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE337 March 19, 2018 
I ask the House to observe a moment of si-lence in memory of the gentlewoman from New York, Congresswoman L
OUISE MCINTOSH  S
LAUGHTER . 
f 
60TH ANNIVERSARY OF GUILD FOR EXCEPTIONAL CHILDREN 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Guild for Exceptional Children on its 60th anniversary. Founded in 1958 by the loved ones of those with developmental disabilities, the Guild for Exceptional Children has been a much-need-ed non-profit in my district. Starting as a group of parents supporting each other when need-ed, the Guild eventually evolved into an inno-vative advocacy organization that has initiated numerous options for community living for those with disabilities. Opening New York City’s first group home in 1970, the Guild has been the vanguard fighting for disabled indi-viduals. The impact that the Guild for Excep-tional Children has had on our community is nothing short of incredible. This outstanding organization always advocates for those who need it most. The Guild for Exceptional Children also pro-vides clinical, educational, social, and career support programs for those with special needs. Everyone involved with this wonderful group can see firsthand how instrumental it is in the lives of adults and children with devel-opmental disabilities. From the parents to the volunteers to the beneficiaries, the combined altruistic work that the Guild does simply speaks for itself. Their efforts cannot be re-paid, as they fight to ensure that those with special needs are able to live a normal and fulfilling life. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the Guild for Exceptional Children on its 60th anni-versary. Countless constituents of mine have been helped by their fantastic efforts. For ev-erything they have done, I thank them. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE HONORABLE CRAIG D. JOHNSTON 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the Honorable Craig D. John-ston on his retirement from a career in public service. Craig received his bachelor’s degree from Dickinson College before serving as an infan-try officer during the Vietnam War. After re-turning home, Craig earned a law degree from the University of Virginia. He practiced law in Manassas for 30 years where he was a board member and past president of the Prince Wil-liam County Bar Association. Additionally, he represented Prince William County on the Vir-ginia State Bar Council for two terms. In 2004, Craig was appointed as a judge of the Prince William General District Court of the 31st Judicial District of Virginia. In recogni-tion of his leadership and knowledge, Craig was appointed to the Prince William Circuit Court of the 31st Judicial Circuit of Virginia in 2009. Craig was selected to serve as chief judge of both the Prince William General Dis-trict Court and the Prince William Circuit Court. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking the Honorable Craig Johnston for his service to Virginia. I wish Craig and his wife, Joyce, the best as they spend more time with their chil-dren and grandchildren in retirement. f 
IN CELEBRATION OF MS. BETTYE JEAN WILSON FRANKLIN’S 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Ms. Bettye Jean Wilson Frank-lin’s 90th birthday. Ms. Franklin was born on March 18, 1928 to the late Winburn Wilson and Ruby Cass Gray. A native of Fort Worth, Texas, Ms. Franklin attended and graduated from historical I.M. Terrell high school. Her passion for education inspired her to work for Fort Worth ISD for 27 years until her retirement in 1990. But it’s her everlasting commitment to her faith that is well-known among her friends and family. Ms. Franklin has been a faithful mem-ber of Saint James Baptist for the past 77 years, which she contributed in various capac-ities, including her participation in the senior choir for 52 years. In addition, she serves her community as a member of The Greater Fort Worth Area Negro Business and Professional Women’s Club and Fort Worth Zeta Amicae Auxiliary of the Zeta Phi Beta Sorority. Ms. Franklin is also a member of the East-ern Star Southern Beauty chapter 446 and served as Grand Secretary of the Masonic Grand Chapter Order of Eastern Star of Texas for 13 years. She is the proud mother of two daughters, Brenda Williams and Willie Mae McQueen, grandmother of four grandchildren, and great- grandmother to her seven great grandchildren. 
f 
WELCOMING THE AGA KHAN TO TEXAS 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a man who has dedicated his life in service to hu-manity. It is my pleasure to welcome His High-ness the Aga Khan IV, the 49th hereditary Imam of the world’s 20 million Shia Imami Ismaili Muslims, to my home state of Texas in celebration of his Diamond Jubilee. The ethics of compassion and care, toler-ance and equality, selflessness and service center His Highness’ deeply held belief in and practice of the Muslim faith. Particularly in re-cent years, the Aga Khan has pledged his voice to articulate the values of peace, gen-erosity and brotherhood that unquestionably compose the core of Islam. He often says his obligations to his community and to human-kind are inseparable. This has driven the Aga Khan to call on us to celebrate our differences of religion, culture, language and ethnicity as evidence of humanity’s great beauty. Our in-herent diversity, he says, should propel hu-mankind to embrace pluralism. Ismaili Muslims have a deep connection to Texas, the DFW Metroplex and myself. For more than a decade, I have partnered with the Ismaili Muslim community to host the Youth Summit and Diversity Dialogue, which we held first in 2007 during the Aga Khan’s Golden Ju-bilee. It brings together students from my dis-trict with youth of all backgrounds to think criti-cally about the challenges we can address through global citizenship. The program brings to light the positive impact young Ismaili Mus-lims make on the world around them. Alongside his role as Imam, the Aga Khan has established many global humanitarian or-ganizations, one of which is the Aga Khan De-velopment Network. The AKDN promotes human dignity and self-sustaining growth by administering education and healthcare in many of the most impoverished and isolated parts of the developing world. Three of the most distinguished AKDN projects are the Aga Khan Academies, which offer world-class edu-cations to children in remote, school-deprived regions. When I visited the Aga Khan Acad-emy in Nairobi, Kenya in 2015, I was emotion-ally struck by the undeniable love of human-kind evident in the AKDN’s work to help those children reach their full potential. It became clear to me that the driving force behind each of the Aga Khan’s endeavors is his desire to foster progress and peace through hope. For hope, he says, is the most powerful source of human motivation. It is this spirit, born of the example of the Aga Khan, which led 2,500 Ismaili Muslim vol-unteers to help their neighbors in Houston re-cover from the devastation triggered by Hurri-cane Harvey last August. For this selfless gen-erosity, they were presented one of the five Points of Light awards by the flve living former presidents. The Ismaili Muslim community’s response to the unsounded call of duty exem-plifies their unrelenting effort to serve human-ity at large. Mr. Speaker, His Highness the Aga Khan— through his work, rooted in the Muslim faith— is a testament to Islam being a religion of both the intellect and humility, of both tradition and progress. The celebration of the Aga Khan’s Diamond Jubilee is a monumental occasion for Ismaili Muslims across the world. I wish to congratulate the American Ismaili Muslim com-munity and convey to His Highness the Aga Khan that he and the values of tolerance, di-versity and pluralism that Ismaili Muslims up-hold will always be welcome in the United States of America. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF POLLY MILLHOUSER 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the 100th birthday of Polly Millhouser. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MR8.009 E19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE338 March 19, 2018 
Polly was born March 22, 1918, in Wau-kegan, Illinois. In 1937, at the age of 19, she threw caution to the wind and moved to Hono-lulu, Hawaii with a friend, working as a sec-retary for the U.S. Navy at Pearl Harbor. Shortly after the tragic attack of 1941, she met Charles, a U.S. Marine Corps sergeant, when he stopped by her office one day; she caught his eye and by way of introduction he threw a paper clip in her direction. They married in Honolulu in 1943. After the war Polly and Charles moved to his hometown of Evanston, Illinois, where their children Mary (Latta), Jean and Robert were born. Later they lived in Arlington Heights, Illi-nois, where Polly was a homemaker and school volunteer. Polly and Charles retired to Mountain Home, Arkansas in 1987 where she quickly became active in the community, vol-unteering at the elementary school and the Mountain Home library. Charles passed away in October 1990 at 71 years of age. She loved listening to the first-graders prac-tice reading, and she spent many happy hours shelving books at the library, working at the li-brary book sales and hosting/attending Friends of the Library meetings. She was hon-ored for her years of service to the library when Baxter County proclaimed April 25, 2009 as Polly Millhouser Day. Polly is a member and former Deacon of the First Presbyterian Church of Mountain Home, Arkansas. Polly stayed active as a member of a casual walking group of friends who for years walked a 3-mile loop at a local park three times a week. She finally quit putting up her own storm windows when she turned 93. By her grandson David and Amy (Downs) Latta, she has two amazing great-grandchildren, Hannah and Jack. Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing Mrs. Millhouser a very happy 100th birthday. 
f 
HONORING MISSISSIPPI IRONMAN CHAMP, GINI FELLOWS 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Virginia ‘‘Gini’’ Fellows, a resident in my district and 71-year-old Ironman triathlete. Gini was born and raised near Detroit, Michigan, became a Registered Nurse, and married Dr. William Fellows in 1970. In 1978, the couple was recruited by Gulf Coast Med-ical Center and moved to Long Beach, Mis-sissippi, making the coast their home. A skiing injury in her twenties resulted in knee surgery and many years later, rehabilita-tive therapy. Meanwhile, their son Patrick, a race event organizer, saw an opportunity to put his mom’s freshly revived knee to work in an upcoming all-women’s triathlon held in April 2007. She agreed to do the race, vowing to set her own pace, and won her age division at age 59. That first race gave Gini the confidence to enter more races, and over the next couple of years, she completed two Ironman half-mara-thons leading up to competing in the Florida Ironman Triathlon in 2016. Winning her age division in Florida qualified Gini for the 2017 World Championship Ironman Triathlon in Kona, Hawaii. Husband Bill encouraged Gini to keep training in spite of his own bout of lung cancer. Sadly, six weeks before her race in Kona, Bill passed away. When asked how one mentally handles the physical challenge of a triathlon, Gini ex-plained that she focused her thoughts on her various friends within each portion of the event. During the 112-mile bike ride, she thought of her friends with whom she likes to ride; likewise with the 26.2 mile run. During the 2.4-mile swim, she thought of the life-guards who look after her as she trains and races. She reflected on her family, their chil-dren and 11 grandchildren, but she saved her ‘‘Last Mile’’ for Bill, focusing her thoughts on their 471⁄2years of marriage, the love they shared, and the lifetime of memories created between them. Gini is an inspiration and encourager to those who show interest in running or com-peting. Gini says to start with that first step and to start by walking. At age 71, Gini has found a passion for triathlons and says, ‘‘I plan to stick with it, as long as I’m able.’’ I am proud to honor Gini Fellows, an inspirational triathlete and Ironman from Mississippi’s Fightin’ Fourth District. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STAFF SERGEANT CARL PHILIPPE ENIS, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it is with deep respect that I recognize the tragic loss of Staff Sgt. Carl Philippe Enis, one of seven brave U.S. service members killed in a heli-copter crash last Thursday, March 15, 2018 in western Iraq. Carl, a South Florida native who grew up in my Congressional District in Pinecrest, was an Air Force pararescueman serving in a combat role in Iraq for the 308th Rescue Squadron from Patrick Air Force Base supporting Oper-ation Inherent Resolve when his helicopter went down. Sergeant Enis was a Reserve Citizen Air-man combat rescue and recovery specialist who supported Air Force and special oper-ations. Carl’s job truly embodied his heart and spirit where he consistently put his own life at risk to save others both in combat and humani-tarian environments. He always tackled every challenge with a smile on his face, no matter the danger or dif-ficulty. Carl was also an active outdoorsman who embraced his passion for fishing, hiking, hunt-ing and scuba diving and lived his life to the fullest. Sergeant Enis was a graduate of Gulliver Prep and Florida State University. Carl is survived by his wife Angela, his mother Colleen, and his brother Edward. Their families, the community, and all Amer-icans can be proud knowing that Sergeant Enis gave his last full measure performing his mission and serving the most noble Pararescue creed: ‘These things we do, that others may live’. YEAR OF THE BLACK WOMAN HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 19, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the black women in our country who have, for decades, led this na-tion’s fight for justice without the recognition they deserve. Some are calling 2018 the year of the black woman. This year, black women are proving the strength of their voice at the ballot box, black women are running for office in record numbers, and black women are leading move-ments against sexual harassment and police violence. But I believe that 2018 is the year of the black woman because, after decades of activism and advocacy, this is our year to give black women the recognition they deserve. As we celebrate women’s history month, let’s reflect on the fact that today’s story of the suffrage movement so often imagines Amer-ica’s suffragettes as uniformly white. That was not the case. From Sojourner Truth to Nannie Helen Burroughs, we must remember the cou-rageous black women who stood up for their right to vote. Let us remember Ida B. Wells, who led the fight for women’s rights but was asked to march at the back of the women’s suffrage pa-rade because she was black. She refused, she persisted, and she marched with her state’s delegation for her right to vote. Black women have not only led our nation’s fight for justice for decades, but they have un-derstood the true nature of injustice for just as long. Today’s social justice movements have taken ahold of the concept of intersectionality—the fact that race, class and gender, do not exist separately but create interwoven systems of discrimination. It was a black woman—Kimberle´Cren- shaw—who originally coined the term ‘‘intersectionality’’ in 1989. But even before intersectionality was a word, it was black women who knew the truth about the injus-tices of discrimination in America. It was 1893 when a black suffragette named Anna Julia Cooper said, ‘‘The colored woman feels that woman’s cause is one and universal; and that not till the image of God, whether in parian or ebony, is sacred and inviolable; not till race, color, sex, and condition are seen as the accidents, and not the substance of life; not till the uni-versal title of humanity to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness is conceded to be inalien-able to all; not till then is woman’s lesson taught and woman’s cause won.’’ Generations of black women have fought, bled and died for their right to vote. And so many of these heroes are from my home state of Alabama. It was the death of four little black girls in the bombing of Birmingham’s 16th St. Baptist Church that awakened our nation to the realities of violent racism. Heroes like Recy Taylor, Rosa Parks, Claudette Colvin and Autherine Lucy Foster—to name only a few—stood up against brut violence to build a world where men and women of every race and class have the opportunities they deserve. As we celebrate Women’s History Month, we must not only remember the sacrifices they made, but the work that remains to be done 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MR8.014 E19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE339 March 19, 2018 
in their fight for justice. These women passed onto us the rights and the opportunities that we enjoy today, but they also handed down a responsibility to carry on their work, fighting not just for women, not just for African Ameri-cans, but for all people, against all injustice. Today, I’m proud to see so many black women leading that fight. From the Black Lives Matter movement to the Me Too move-ment, their contributions and their leadership are changing the way our society understands and addresses discrimination and injustice. This Women’s History Month, in the Year of the Black Woman, I want to use this moment to recognize the countless black women who have spent their lives fighting to make Amer-ica live up to its ideals, as well as all those black women who are still alive today carrying on that fight. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, March 20, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 21 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kirsten Dawn Madison, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (International Narcotics and Law En-forcement Affairs), and Thomas J. Hushek, of Wisconsin, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of South Sudan, both of the Department of State. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, and Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, and Charles J. Williams, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Iowa. SD–226 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine election se-curity. SH–216 10:30 a.m. Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine the Eco-nomic Report of the President. SD–608 2 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Near East, South Asia, Central Asia, and Counterterrorism To hold hearings to examine stability and security challenges in Lebanon. SD–419 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019 for veterans’ programs and fiscal year 2020 advance appropria-tions requests. SR–418 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Navy ship-building programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–232A Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine ballistic missile defense policies and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–222 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 1250, to amend the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act to improve the recruitment and retention of employees in the In-dian Health Service, restore account-ability in the Indian Health Service, improve health services, and S. 2515, to amend the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act to pro-vide further self-governance by Indian Tribes; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for Indian Programs. SD–628 MARCH 22 9:30 a.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine the Good Friday Agreement at 20, focusing on achievements and unfinished business. RHOB–2200 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the chal-lenges in the Department of Energy’s atomic energy defense programs in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SH–216 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Housing and Urban Development. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard To hold hearings to examine enhancing the Marine Mammal Protection Act. SR–253 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Theodore J. Garrish, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary (International Affairs), and James Ed-ward Campos, of Nevada, to be Director of the Office of Minority Economic Im-pact, both of the Department of En-ergy, and James Reilly, of Colorado, to be Director of the United States Geo-logical Survey, Department of the Inte-rior; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine S. 2539, to amend the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, to reauthorize certain projects to increase Colorado River System water, S. 2560, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a program to facilitate the transfer to non-Federal ownership of appropriate reclamation projects or facilities, and S. 2563, to improve the water supply and drought resilience of the United States. SD–366 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s 2018 trade policy agenda. SD–215 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of John B. Nalbandian, of Ken-tucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Kari A. Dooley, to be United States District Judge for the District of Connecticut, Dominic W. Lanza, to be United States District Judge for the District of Ari-zona, Jill Aiko Otake, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, and Thomas T. Cullen, to be United States Attorney for the West-ern District of Virginia, Robert K. Hur, to be United States Attorney for the District of Maryland, and David C. Jo-seph, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Louisiana, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence Closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be im-mediately followed by a closed hearing to examine certain intelligence mat-ters. SH–219 
POSTPONEMENTS 
MARCH 21 2 p.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine unleashing America’s economic potential. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR8.017 E19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D300 Monday, March 19, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1773–S1797 Measures Introduced: Five bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2567–2571, and S. Res. 437–439.
                                                       Page S1790 
Measures Reported: S. 526, to amend the Small Business Act to pro-vide for expanded participation in the microloan pro-gram, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. S. 791, to amend the Small Business Act to ex-pand intellectual property education and training for small businesses. S. 1538, to amend the Small Business Act to es-tablish awareness of, and technical assistance for, the creation of employee stock ownership plans, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1961, to amend the Small Business Act to tem-porarily reauthorize certain pilot programs under the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1995, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to improve the number of small busi-ness investment companies in underlicensed States, with an amendment. S. 2283, to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2419, to amend the Small Business Act to im-prove the technical and business assistance services under the SBIR and STTR programs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2527, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies. 
                                                                                            Page S1790 
Measures Passed: Secret Service Recruitment and Retention Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3731, to provide over-time pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:                                                                                             Page S1796 
McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 2214, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S1796 
Measures Considered: Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act—Agreement: Senate resumed con-sideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1865, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sexual exploitation of children or sex trafficking.
   Pages S1773–80, S1780–84 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 94 yeas to 2 nays (Vote No. 57), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                        Page S1780 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill be vi-tiated, and that a time to be determined by the Ma-jority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, on Wednesday, March 21, 2018, Senate begin consideration of the bill; that the only amend-ments in order be Wyden Amendment No. 2212 and Amendment No. 2213; and that there be up to four hours of debate concurrently on the amend-ments, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, Senate vote on or in relation to the amendments in the order listed, with a 60 vote af-firmative threshold required for adoption of each amendment, and Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, if amended, with no further action or debate.
                                                                             Page S1784 
Appointments: United States Holocaust Memorial Council: The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pur-suant to Public Law 96–388, as amended by Public Law 97–84, and Public Law 106–292, appointed the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR8.REC D19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D301 March 19, 2018 
following Senator to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council: Senator Cardin.
                  Page S1796 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), appointed the following Sen-ator to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: Senator Manchin, from the Committee on Appropriations.
                                                           Page S1796 
Yemen Joint Resolution—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that following the resumption of the motion to pro-ceed to consideration of H.R. 1865, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sexual exploitation of children or sex traf-ficking, on Tuesday, March 20, 2017, Senator Sand-ers, or his designee, be recognized to offer a motion to discharge S.J. Res. 54, to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress; provided further that there be up to 4 hours of debate, equally divided between the oppo-nents and proponents of the resolution, and that fol-lowing the use or yielding back of that time, Senate vote on or in relation to the motion to discharge. 
                                                                                            Page S1784 
Messages from the President: Senate received the following messages from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the issuance of an Executive Order with respect to Venezuela that takes additional steps with respect to the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13692 on March 8, 2015; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–30)
                                                                         Page S1787 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a social security totalization agreement with Uruguay, titled ‘‘Agree-ment on Social Security between the United States of America and the Oriental Republic of Uruguay,’’ and an accompanying legally binding administrative arrangement titled ‘‘Administrative Arrangement be-tween the Competent Authorities of the United States of America and the Oriental Republic of Uru-guay for the Implementation of the Agreement on Social Security’’; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Finance. (PM–31)
                                Page S1787 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 77 yeas to 19 nays (Vote No. EX. 56), Kevin K. McAleenan, of Hawaii, to be Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security.                                                  Page S1780 
Nazakhtar Nikakhtar, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Commerce.
                           Page S1784 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Aimee Kathryn Jorjani, of Wisconsin, to be Chairman of the Advisory Council on Historic Pres-ervation for a term expiring January 19, 2021. Elizabeth Darling, of Texas, to be Commissioner on Children, Youth, and Families, Department of Health and Human Services. Joseph N. Mondello, of New York, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. Mark Schultz, of Nebraska, to be Commissioner of the Rehabilitation Services Administration, Depart-ment of Education. Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, to be a Mem-ber of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board for the remainder of the term expiring Janu-ary 29, 2019. Jane Nitze, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board for a term expiring January 29, 2023. Routine lists in the Army.
                      Pages S1796–97 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S1787–88 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1788 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S1788 
Executive Communications:                             Page S1788 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S1789–90 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1790–92 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1792–95 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1786–87 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1795–96 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—57)
                                                                   Page S1780 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:18 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, March 20, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1796.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR8.REC D19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD302 March 19, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5323–5335; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 788–790; were introduced.
                Pages H1697–98 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1698–99 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5131, to improve the effectiveness of Federal efforts to identify and address homeland security risks to surface transportation, secure against vehicle- based attacks, and conduct a feasibility assessment of introducing new security technologies and measures, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–602); H.R. 5099, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security a fusion center technical assistance program (H. Rept. 115–603); H.R. 5089, to improve threat information shar-ing, integrated operations, and law enforcement training for transportation security, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–604); H.R. 4176, to strengthen air cargo security, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–605); H.R. 5079, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Department of Homeland Se-curity to develop an engagement strategy with fu-sion centers, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–606); H.R. 5074, to authorize cyber incident response teams at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–607); H.R. 4467, to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strategies, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–608); H.R. 4227, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine what actions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–609); H.R. 5094, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to improve suspicious activity reporting to prevent acts of terrorism, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–610); H.R. 5081, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Transportation Secu-rity Administration the Surface Transportation Secu-rity Advisory Committee, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–611); H.R. 4851, to establish the Kennedy-King Na-tional Historic Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–612); and H. Res. 787, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4566) to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to pro-vide relief to nonbanks from certain stress test re-quirements under such Act; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5247) to authorize the use of eligible investigational drugs by eligible patients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible illness, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–613). 
                                                                                            Page H1697 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Meadows to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1655 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:23 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H1658 
Whole Number of the House: The Chair an-nounced to the House that, in light of the passing of the gentlewoman from New York, Ms. Slaughter, the whole number of the House is 430.
        Page H1659 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:10 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:45 p.m.
                                                   Page H1659 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Harmoni-zation Act: S. 2030, to deem the compliance date for amended energy conservation standards for ceil-ing fan light kits to be January 21, 2020; 
                                                                                    Pages H1659–61 
DHS Cyber Incident Response Teams Act of 2018: H.R. 5074, amended, to authorize cyber inci-dent response teams at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes;
               Pages H1661–63 
Air Cargo Security Improvement Act: H.R. 4176, amended, to strengthen air cargo security, and for other purposes;
                                            Pages H1663–65 
Enhancing DHS Fusion Center Technical As-sistance Program Act: H.R. 5099, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security a fusion center technical assistance program;
                       Pages H1665–66 
DHS Field Engagement Accountability Act: H.R. 5079, amended, to amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to require the Department of Homeland Security to develop an engagement strat-egy with fusion centers;
                                 Pages H1667–69 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR8.REC D19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D303 March 19, 2018 
Kennedy-King Establishment Act of 2018: H.R. 4851, amended, to establish the Kennedy-King Na-tional Historic Site in the State of Indiana, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 391 yeas to 0 nays, Roll No. 116, and
                                                   Pages H1675–77, H1679 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To es-tablish the Kennedy-King National Commemorative Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H1679 
Modifying the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument: H.R. 835, to update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 385 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 115.
                                                                Pages H1677–79 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:43 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H1678 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment of silence in honor of the late Honorable Louise McIntosh Slaughter.
                                                 Page H1679 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed: Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act: H.R. 4227, amended, to require the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to examine what actions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism, and for other purposes; 
                                                                                    Pages H1666–67 
Surface Transportation Security Improvement Act of 2018: H.R. 5131, amended, to improve the effectiveness of Federal efforts to identify and address homeland security risks to surface transportation, se-cure against vehicle-based attacks, and conduct a fea-sibility assessment of introducing new security tech-nologies and measures;
                                    Pages H1669–71 
Strengthening Aviation Security Act: H.R. 4467, amended, to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strategies; and
          Pages H1671–73 
Strengthening Local Transportation Security Capabilities Act of 2018: H.R. 5089, amended, to improve threat information sharing, integrated oper-ations, and law enforcement training for transpor-tation security.
                                                    Pages H1673–75 
Privileged Resolution: The House agreed to H. Res. 788, expressing the profound sorrow of the House of Representatives on the death of the Honor-able Louise McIntosh Slaughter.
                        Page H1680 
Presidential Messages: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress of the Agree-ment On Social Security Between The United States And Uruguay; Referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–102).                                                                      Page H1678 
Read a message from the President wherein he no-tified the Congress of the Continuation of the Na-tional Emergency with Respect to Venezuela. Re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Fi-nancial Services and order to be printed (H. Doc. 115–103).
                                                              Pages H1683–84 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1678–79 and H1679. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at noon and at 9:44 p.m., pursuant to the provisions of H. Res. 788, it stands adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable Louise McIntosh Slaughter. 
Committee Meetings 
ALLEVIATING STRESS TEST BURDENS TO HELP INVESTORS ACT; TRICKETT WENDLER, FRANK MONGIELLO, JORDAN MCLINN, AND MATTHEW BELLINA RIGHT TO TRY ACT OF 2018 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 4566, the ‘‘Alleviating Stress Test Burdens to Help Investors Act’’; and H.R. 5247, the ‘‘Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2018’’. The Committee granted, by a voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 4566. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–65, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. In section 2, the rule provides for the consid-eration of H.R. 5247 under a closed rule. The rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR8.REC D19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD304 March 19, 2018 
provides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit. In section 3, the rule waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two- thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any res-olution reported through the legislative day of March 23, 2018. In section 4, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of March 22, 2018, or March 23, 2018, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pur-suant to this section. Finally, in section 5, the rule extends the Holman Rule standing order provided in H. Res. 5 through the end of the 115th Congress. Testimony was heard from Representatives Poliquin, Maxine Waters of California, Griffith, and Pallone. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D253) 
H.R. 294, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boule-vard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’. Signed on March 16, 2018. (Public Law 115–133) H.R. 452, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’. Signed on March 16, 2018. (Public Law 115–134) H.R. 535, to encourage visits between the United States and Taiwan at all levels. Signed on March 16, 2018. (Public Law 115–135) H.R. 3656, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligibility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs memo-rial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are unavailable. Signed on March 16, 2018. (Public Law 115–136) S. 831, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 West Pike Street in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Police Officer Scott Bashioum Post Office Building’’. Signed on March 16, 2018. (Public Law 115–137) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine United States Strategic Command in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to exam-ine Marine Corps ground modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, In-surance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine an update on National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration and automaker efforts to repair defective Takata air bag inflators, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, to hold hear-ings to examine the nomination of John L. Ryder, of Tennessee, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of John J. Bartrum, of Indiana, to be an As-sistant Secretary, and Lynn A. Johnson, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Family Support, both of the Department of Health and Human Services, 10:10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider S. Res. 85, calling on the Government of Iran to fulfill repeated promises of assistance in the case of Rob-ert Levinson, the longest held United States civilian in our Nation’s history, S. Res. 224, recognizing the 5th an-niversary of the death of Oswaldo Paya Sardinas, and commemorating his legacy and commitment to demo-cratic values and principles, S. Res. 376, urging the Gov-ernments of Burma and Bangladesh to ensure the safe, dignified, voluntary, and sustainable return of the Rohingya refugees who have been displaced by the cam-paign of ethnic cleansing conducted by the Burmese mili-tary, S. Res. 426, supporting the goals of International Women’s Day, S. Res. 429, commemorating the 59th an-niversary of Tibet’s 1959 uprising as ‘‘Tibetan Rights Day’’, and expressing support for the human rights and religious freedom of the Tibetan people and the Tibetan Buddhist faith community, S. Res. 432, congratulating the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania on the 100th anniversary of their declarations of independence, H.R. 1660, to direct the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to submit to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR8.REC D19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D305 March 19, 2018 Congress a report on the development and use of global health innovations in the programs, projects, and activi-ties of the Agency, extradition Treaty between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Govern-ment of the Republic of Kosovo (the ‘‘Treaty’’), signed at Pristina on March 29, 2016 (Treaty Doc. 115–02), the Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Kiribati on the Delimitation of Maritime Boundaries, signed at Majuro on September 6, 2013, and the Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Federated States of Micronesia on the Delimitation of a Maritime Boundary, signed at Koror on August 1, 2014 (Treaty Doc. 114–13), extradition Treaty between the United States of America and the Republic of Serbia (the ‘‘Treaty’’), signed at Belgrade on August 15, 2016 (Treaty Doc. 115–01), the United Nations Con-vention on the Assignment of Receivables in International Trade, done at New York on December 12, 2001, and signed by the United States on December 30, 2003 (Treaty Doc. 114–07), and the nominations of Erik Beth-el, of Florida, to be United States Alternate Executive Di-rector of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, Judy Lynn Shelton, of Virginia, to be United States Director of the European Bank for Recon-struction and Development, Kevin Edward Moley, of Ari-zona, to be an Assistant Secretary (International Organiza-tion Affairs), Robert Frank Pence, of Virginia, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Finland, Trevor D. Traina, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Austria, Andrea L. Thompson, of South Dakota, to be Under Sec-retary for Arms Control and International Security, Marie Royce, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary (Edu-cational and Cultural Affairs), and Edward Charles Prado, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Argentine Republic, all of the Department of State, Josephine Olsen, of Mary-land, to be Director of the Peace Corps, and Sean Cairncross, of Minnesota, to be Chief Executive Officer, Millennium Challenge Corporation, 10:30 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the need to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Commerce, 9:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Housing and Urban Development, 9:30 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Education, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the National Nu-clear Security Administration, 10 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request and Acquisition Reform Progress’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Submarine Industrial Base: Options for Construction’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Navy Readiness Posture’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing en-titled ‘‘Expanding Affordable Health Care Options: Ex-amining the Department of Labor’s Proposed Rule on As-sociation Health Plans’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy; and Subcommittee on Environment, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion Budget’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Drug Enforcement Administration’s Role in Combating the Opioid Epidemic’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Ray-burn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Ter-rorism and Illicit Finance, hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring the Financial Nexus of Terrorism, Drug Trafficking, and Organized Crime’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection; and the Sub-committee on Information Technology of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, joint hearing en-titled ‘‘CDM: Government Perspectives on Security and Modernization’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Preventable Violence in America: An Exam-ination of Law Enforcement Information Sharing and Mis-guided Public Policy’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the Effectiveness of the Transitional Program for Covered Business Method Patents’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Pol-icy Priorities for the Administration’s FY 2019 Budget for Indian Affairs and Insular Areas’’, 10:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 5210, to establish the National Park Restoration Fund, and for other purposes; and H.R. 2584, the ‘‘National Park Service Legacy Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Long-worth. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Con-tracting and Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘Workforce De-velopment: Advancing Apprenticeships for Small Busi-ness’’, 2 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Impacts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR8.REC D19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD306 March 19, 2018 of the 2017 Wildfires in the United States’’, 10:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing on H.R. 888, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve dependency and indemnity compensation for survivors of certain totally disabled veterans; H.R. 4335, the ‘‘Service-member Family Burial Act’’; H.R. 4910, the ‘‘Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act’’; and H.R. 4958, the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing on H.R. 1206, the ‘‘Reducing Barriers for Veterans Edu-cation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3023, to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate the authority of the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to pay reporting fees to edu-cational institutions; H.R. 3940, the ‘‘Veterans Education Disaster Assistance Act’’; H.R. 4451, the ‘‘Homeless Vet-erans’ Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4830, the ‘‘SIT-REP Act’’; H.R. 4835, the ‘‘Job TOOLS for Veterans Act’’; H.R. 5044, the ‘‘Service- Disabled Veterans Small Business Continuation Act’’; leg-islation on the VA Home Loan Improvement Act of 2018; and legislation to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of March 20 through March 23, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1865, Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act. Following resumption of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1865, Allow States and Vic-tims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, Senator Sanders, or his designee, will make a motion to dis-charge S.J. Res. 54, to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Con-gress, with up to 4 hours of debate, and that upon the use or yielding back of time, Senate will vote on or in relation to the motion to discharge. On Wednesday, Senate will begin consideration of H.R. 1865, Allow States and Victims to Fight On-line Sex Trafficking Act, and vote on or in relation to Wyden Amendment No. 2212 and Amendment No. 2213, and on passage of the bill. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: March 20, to hold hearings to examine United States Strategic Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. March 20, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hear-ings to examine Marine Corps ground modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. March 21, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine ballistic missile defense policies and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. March 21, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hear-ings to examine Navy shipbuilding programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. March 22, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the challenges in the Department of Energy’s atomic energy defense programs in review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: March 22, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Housing and Urban Development, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on the Budget: March 21, to hold hearings to examine the Economic Report of the President, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: March 20, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safe-ty, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to ex-amine an update on National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration and automaker efforts to repair defective Takata air bag inflators, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. March 22, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine enhancing the Marine Mammal Protection Act, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: March 20, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for the Depart-ment of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. March 22, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Theodore J. Garrish, of Mary-land, to be an Assistant Secretary (International Affairs), and James Edward Campos, of Nevada, to be Director of the Office of Minority Economic Impact, both of the De-partment of Energy, and James Reilly, of Colorado, to be Director of the United States Geological Survey, Depart-ment of the Interior; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine S. 2539, to amend the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR8.REC D19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D307 March 19, 2018 Act, 2015, to reauthorize certain projects to increase Col-orado River System water, S. 2560, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to establish a program to facilitate the transfer to non-Federal ownership of appropriate rec-lamation projects or facilities, and S. 2563, to improve the water supply and drought resilience of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: March 20, Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of John L. Ryder, of Tennessee, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority, 10 a.m., SD–406. March 21, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hear-ing to examine the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: March 20, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of John J. Bartrum, of Indiana, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Lynn A. Johnson, of Colo-rado, to be Assistant Secretary for Family Support, both of the Department of Health and Human Services, 10:10 a.m., SD–215. March 22, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the President’s 2018 trade policy agenda, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: March 20, business meet-ing to consider S. Res. 85, calling on the Government of Iran to fulfill repeated promises of assistance in the case of Robert Levinson, the longest held United States civil-ian in our Nation’s history, S. Res. 224, recognizing the 5th anniversary of the death of Oswaldo Paya Sardinas, and commemorating his legacy and commitment to democratic values and principles, S. Res. 376, urging the Governments of Burma and Bangladesh to ensure the safe, dignified, voluntary, and sustainable return of the Rohingya refugees who have been displaced by the cam-paign of ethnic cleansing conducted by the Burmese mili-tary, S. Res. 426, supporting the goals of International Women’s Day, S. Res. 429, commemorating the 59th an-niversary of Tibet’s 1959 uprising as ‘‘Tibetan Rights Day’’, and expressing support for the human rights and religious freedom of the Tibetan people and the Tibetan Buddhist faith community, S. Res. 432, congratulating the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania on the 100th anniversary of their declarations of independence, H.R. 1660, to direct the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to submit to Congress a report on the development and use of global health innovations in the programs, projects, and activi-ties of the Agency, extradition Treaty between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Govern-ment of the Republic of Kosovo (the ‘‘Treaty’’), signed at Pristina on March 29, 2016 (Treaty Doc. 115–02), the Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Kiribati on the Delimitation of Maritime Boundaries, signed at Majuro on September 6, 2013, and the Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Federated States of Micronesia on the Delimitation of a Maritime Boundary, signed at Koror on August 1, 2014 (Treaty Doc. 114–13), extradition Treaty between the United States of America and the Republic of Serbia (the ‘‘Treaty’’), signed at Belgrade on August 15, 2016 (Treaty Doc. 115–01), the United Nations Con-vention on the Assignment of Receivables in International Trade, done at New York on December 12, 2001, and signed by the United States on December 30, 2003 (Treaty Doc. 114–07), and the nominations of Erik Beth-el, of Florida, to be United States Alternate Executive Di-rector of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, Judy Lynn Shelton, of Virginia, to be United States Director of the European Bank for Recon-struction and Development, Kevin Edward Moley, of Ari-zona, to be an Assistant Secretary (International Organiza-tion Affairs), Robert Frank Pence, of Virginia, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Finland, Trevor D. Traina, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Austria, Andrea L. Thompson, of South Dakota, to be Under Sec-retary for Arms Control and International Security, Marie Royce, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary (Edu-cational and Cultural Affairs), and Edward Charles Prado, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Argentine Republic, all of the Department of State, Josephine Olsen, of Mary-land, to be Director of the Peace Corps, and Sean Cairncross, of Minnesota, to be Chief Executive Officer, Millennium Challenge Corporation, 10:30 a.m., S–116, Capitol. March 21, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Kirsten Dawn Madison, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs), and Thomas J. Hushek, of Wisconsin, to be Ambassador to the Republic of South Sudan, both of the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. March 21, Subcommittee on Near East, South Asia, Central Asia, and Counterterrorism, to hold hearings to examine stability and security challenges in Lebanon, 2 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Indian Affairs: March 21, business meeting to consider S. 1250, to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to improve the recruitment and reten-tion of employees in the Indian Health Service, restore accountability in the Indian Health Service, improve health services, and S. 2515, to amend the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act to provide further self-governance by Indian Tribes; to be imme-diately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for Indian Programs, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: March 20, to hold hearings to examine the need to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, 10 a.m., SD–226. March 21, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, and Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, and Charles J. Williams, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Iowa, 10 a.m., SD–226. March 22, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of John B. Nalbandian, of Ken-tucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Kari A. Dooley, to be United States District Judge for the District of Connecticut, Dominic W. Lanza, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR8.REC D19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD308 March 19, 2018 to be United States District Judge for the District of Ari-zona, Jill Aiko Otake, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, and Thomas T. Cullen, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Vir-ginia, Robert K. Hur, to be United States Attorney for the District of Maryland, and David C. Joseph, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Lou-isiana, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: March 21, to hold hear-ings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for veterans’ programs and fiscal year 2020 advance appropriations requests, 2 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: March 20, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. March 21, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine election security, 10 a.m., SH–216. March 22, Full Committee, closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing to examine certain intel-ligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, March 21, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, 10 a.m., H–310 Capitol. March 21, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Devel-opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Agri-culture, 1:30 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. March 21, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budg-et hearing on the Open World Leadership Trust Fund, 2:30 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. March 22, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing entitled ‘‘FY 19 Budget Hearing, Applied Energy’’, 9 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, March 21, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘State and Non-State Actor Influence Operations: Recommendations for U.S. National Secu-rity’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 21, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Ground Force Modernization Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2019’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. March 21, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Military Personnel Posture: FY 2019’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 22, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request for Nuclear Forces and Atomic Energy Defense Activities’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 22, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing Department of Defense Strategy, Policy, and Programs for Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction (CWMD) for Fiscal Year 2019’’, 10:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, March 21, Sub-committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Combating the Opioid Crisis: Prevention and Public Health Solutions’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. March 22, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Combating the Opioid Crisis: Prevention and Public Health Solutions’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. March 22, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Hearing on Four Communications Bills’’, 10:15 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, March 21, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 2683, the ‘‘Protecting Veterans Credit Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4659, to require the appro-priate Federal banking agencies to recognize the exposure- reducing nature of client margin for cleared derivatives.; H.R. 4790, to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System sole rule-making authority, to exclude community banks from the requirements of the Volcker rule, and for other purposes; H.R. 4861, the ‘‘Ensuring Quality Unbiased Access to Loans Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5051, the ‘‘Public Company Registration Threshold Act’’; H.R. 5076, the ‘‘Small Bank Exam Cycle Improvement Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5082, the ‘‘Practice of Law Technical Clarification Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5323, the ‘‘Derivatives Fairness Act’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, March 21, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The FY 2019 Foreign Assistance Budg-et’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. March 21, the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled U.S. ‘‘Responses to China’s Foreign In-fluence Operations’’, 2 p.m., 2167 Rayburn. March 21, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Implications of a U.S.- Saudi Arabia Nuclear Cooperation Agreement for the Middle East’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, March 21, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 305, the ‘‘FDLP Modernization Act of 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., 1310 Longworth. March 21, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Shared Employees’’, 10:30 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on Natural Resources, March 21, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 3997, the ‘‘Free Veterans from Fees Act’’; H.R. 4257, the ‘‘Advancing Conservation and Education Act’’; H.R. 5005, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birth-place of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System; and H.R. 5269, the ‘‘State and Territorial Approval for Restriction of Fishing Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. March 21, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled Examining the Proposed Fiscal Year 2019 Spending, Priorities and Missions of the Bu-reau of Reclamation and the Four Power Marketing Ad-ministrations’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, March 21, Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Sub-committee on Intergovernmental Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Improper Payments in State-Administered Pro-grams: Medicaid’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR8.REC D19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D309 March 19, 2018 March 21, Subcommittee on National Security hearing entitled ‘‘Bureaucratic Challenges to Hurricane Recovery in Puerto Rico’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, March 21, Full Committee, markup on legislation on the ‘‘American Leadership in Space Technology and Advanced Rocketry Act’’; legislation on the ‘‘Commercial Space Support Ve-hicle Act’’; and H.R. 5086, the ‘‘Innovators to Entre-preneurs Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. March 21, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering U.S. Veterans Through Technology’’, 1:30 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business. March 21, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘American Infrastructure and the Small Business Perspective’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, March 21, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5294, the ‘‘Treating Barriers to Prosperity Act of 2018’’; H.R. 3288, the ‘‘Northern Border Regional Commission Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H. Con. Res. 115, the ‘‘Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Offi-cers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition’’; H. Con. Res. 113, the ‘‘Author-izing the use of Capitol Grounds for the Greater Wash-ington Soap Box Derby’’; H.R. 4177, the ‘‘PREPARE Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5319, to transfer Coast Guard prop-erty in the Town of Jupiter Island, Florida, for inclusion in Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge; legislation on the Maritime Technical Corrections Act of 2018; H.R. 4673, the ‘‘Promoting Women in the Aviation Work-force Act’’; and legislation on General Services Adminis-tration Capital Investment and Leasing Program, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, March 21, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Trade Policy Agenda’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. March 21, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Implementation of MACRA’s Physician Payment Poli-cies’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. March 22, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Hearing with Commerce Secretary Ross’’, 9 a.m., 1100 Long-worth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, March 22, Full Committee, business meeting on Adoption of the Com-mittee’s Investigative Report into Russian Active Meas-ures During the 2016 Presidential Election, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing is closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: March 22, to hold hearings to examine the Good Friday Agree-ment at 20, focusing on achievements and unfinished business, 9:30 a.m., 2200 Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR8.REC D19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD310 March 19, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 20 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1865, Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act. Following resumption of the motion to proceed to con-sideration of H.R. 1865, Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, Senator Sanders, or his designee, will make a motion to discharge S.J. Res. 54, to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress, with up to 4 hours of debate, and that upon the use or yielding back of time, Senate will vote on or in relation to the motion to discharge. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 20 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 4566— Alleviating Stress Test Burdens to Help Investors Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bass, Karen, Calif., E335 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E333 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E336 Chu, Judy, Calif., E333 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E333 Costa, Jim, Calif., E333 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E337 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E334 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E334 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E336 Hultgren, Randy, Ill., E335 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E336 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E337 Katko, John, N.Y., E335 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E335 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E338 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E333 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E337 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E338 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E338 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E337 Walden, Greg, Ore., E334 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E337 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D19MR8.REC D19MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST