Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H85 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 2018 No. 6 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 10, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable A
DRIAN  S
MITH to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
TAX BILL RAMIFICATIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, one of the phrases one often hears is, ‘‘I hate to say I told you so.’’ And it is de-livered with a feigned sincerity, but usually people actually like to say, ‘‘I told you so.’’ I must confess that I have some of those feelings myself, as repeatedly during the few hours the Ways and Means Committee met, rushing through the massive tax cut, the larg-est transfer of wealth in our Nation’s history, which will be paid for on the backs of our children and grand-children with increased debt and bene-fiting people who in the main don’t need it—I said at the time that each week after this bill passed, if it did, we would have a series of embarrassing stories about mistakes and oversight and special interest provisions that were stuck into it. Well, actually, the fact is that that was somewhat understated because we are seeing, literally, every day people understand what was tucked in the bill: mistakes, oversight, and special interest provisions. For example, there is a provision in the bill that was, we were told, de-signed to help small craft brewers. That is important to me and the people I represent, and there is broad support for minor provisions that would be able to help them by reducing their tax li-ability. But the provision that ended up in the final bill has massive oppor-tunities to benefit large producers—a little bit for small craft brewers, but for large, international distillers, an opportunity to reconfigure how they do business to take advantage of multiple opportunities for that tax break. There was an article yesterday talk-ing about how the tax rate for Amer-ican companies that manufacture over-seas, the tax on that activity will be half as much as if they were manufac-turing in the United States, providing an incentive to offshore jobs at a time when most of us would like to make sure that it is, here at home, at least, a level playing field, not to disadvan-tage people manufacturing here at home. And, of course, there is another story in today’s Wall Street Journal, ‘‘Tax Law’s Effect Fuels Farm Outcry,’’ be-cause there was a provision inserted in the bill that would give farmers a more lucrative deduction when they sell ag-ricultural products directly to farm co-operatives. There is a story about one gentleman in there who felt that this could put him out of business. It is going to sting large agribusinesses like Cargill and Archer Daniels Midland. The new provision could reshape parts of the agriculture economy and sharply reduce many farmers’ taxes as well as scrambling these individual businesses. John Power, a North Dakota ac-countant who was the accountant for the small grain operator who is going to be hammered, said: ‘‘It is kind of hard to imagine they intended to make farming tax free. Fixing it becomes dif-ficult because they don’t think it’s something that can be fixed with regu-lation.’’ There are a variety of these provi-sions that are a result of not following what we call ‘‘regular order,’’ without having hearings on the provision, of al-lowing lobbyists and staff to be able to draft the bill on the fly without having members of the committee—not just Democrats, but Republicans—fully know what was in it. That is legisla-tive malpractice. It is one of the rea-sons why, despite giving over $3 trillion of tax cuts, the bill remains unpopular. Americans are nervous about increas-ing our national debt over $2 trillion, and they know that the benefits for av-erage citizens are going to go away in a few years and some are actually going to see tax increases, but the ben-efits for the top 1 percent and the larg-est corporations are permanent. People know that it is not fair, that it is unnecessary, and that it is going to have more and more problems here, not just in States like mine where citi-zens are no longer going to be able to fully deduct their State and local taxes, property taxes, resulting in sig-nificant inequity, in scrambling prop-erty values, not just in Oregon, but it is across the country where people are going to be facing these problems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.000 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH86 January 10, 2018 
CELEBRATING PASSAGE OF THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, it has been nearly 10 years since the Great Recession offi-cially began, when our economy slumped and unemployment climbed to levels not witnessed since the early 1980s, but last month Congress paved the way to create a tax system that is fair, simpler, and one that establishes an environment where our country can unleash our full potential. Too many Americans are living pay-check to paycheck and have been for too long. Stagnant wages, growing debt, and the inability to save have plagued so many. That is why our tax overhaul is so important. This truly is a once-in-a-generation opportunity that we could not afford to pass up. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will touch every household in the Nation and every corner of our economy. As soon as February, Americans will see more money in their paychecks. When it comes time to file their 2018 taxes, our tax system will be so simple that 9 out of 10 Americans will be able to file on a postcard. The standard deduction will be doubled for individuals and joint fil-ers. Middle class families will also have a significant increase to the child tax credit to help parents with the costs of raising children. And, Mr. Speaker, for those pursuing opportunity through education, Amer-ica’s students, the graduate tuition voucher exemption and student loan interest deduction remain in our tax reform package. I, and many of my col-leagues, urged the conference com-mittee to keep these provisions intact. Our Tax Code should provide incen-tives for greater opportunity. For many, this is realized through higher education. The student loan interest deduction helps make higher education more affordable, and based on the most recent yearly data available, 12 million taxpayers benefited from that deduc-tion. I advocated keeping this provision as well as the graduate tuition voucher exemption and other higher education tax credits as a part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act because they truly do make a difference in the lives of so many Americans. It makes financing an education possible for many low- and middle-income individuals. In addition to education, another great cornerstone of the American Dream is homeownership, and, proudly, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will con-tinue to provide tax relief to current and aspiring homeowners alike. Mr. Speaker, there are many accom-plishments in this historic tax over-haul, including lowering the corporate tax rate, which will put our job cre-ators on a level playing field with their global competitors. This has already led to increased bonuses and pay raises for millions of workers. Quite simply, this bill provides the kind of tax relief that Americans deserve. We challenged the status quo and the special interests who said it couldn’t be done, and we did it. And the American people won. 
f 
CELEBRATING MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR., DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the upcoming holiday remembering Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. As a lifelong activist fighting for im-migrants, civil and human rights, and now as a Member of Congress, Dr. King has been a deep and central inspiration throughout my life. His work has helped me to make possible the path that I have taken, from being a 16- year-old immigrant girl who came to this country by herself for college, to serving, now, as the first Indian-Amer-ican woman elected to the United States House of Representatives—and it is the courage and the fight of Dr. King that made my journey possible. I knew of Dr. King first because of his connection to Mahatma Gandhi, a great leader from my own birth coun-try of India. Like Gandhi, Dr. King was a once-in-a-generation leader. Like Gandhi, the problems that Dr. King tackled were once seen as insurmount-able problems, institutional barriers of race and class that seemed as if, if taken on, would topple society as we knew it, tall walls of tradition and practice that kept our society seg-regated and divided. But that did not stop him from speaking out, organizing, and leading a growing movement that reminded the leaders of our country of the very dream that made America possible: that all men and women were created equal and that we should be judged by the content of our character and not the color of our skin. Dr. King’s gift was in his unique abil-ity to bring truth, compassion, and jus-tice together for a better future and to remind us of how much we share even across our differences. He followed Gandhi’s principles of nonviolent re-sistance, also known as satyagraha: ‘‘satya’’ meaning truth, and ‘‘graha’’ meaning adherence to truth. Satyagraha then meant insistence on truth, and that is what Dr. King preached and acted upon: truth about ending segregation and discrimination, truth about ending the war in Vietnam, truth about lifting up sanitation work-ers and ending poverty, truth, ulti-mately, that it is love and not hate that builds our character and our col-lective society. If Dr. King were here with us today, he would call on us to have faith in our fight for justice and to substitute cour-age for caution. He would call on us to work passionately and unrelentingly for the very vision of our country that inspires so many around the world, for that more perfect Union that we know is still ahead of us, for that society that remembers that we are all better off when we are all better off. Dr. King would remind us that jus-tice is what love looks like in public. He would call on us to move into that plane of higher education, that plane of moral consciousness where we simply cannot stand by as injustice occurs around us. He would call on us to address eco-nomic inequality by raising the min-imum wage and enacting real tax re-form whose benefits accrue to the masses and not to the top 1 percent and the wealthiest corporations. Dr. King would call on us to pass the Dream Act and support the futures of 1.5 million young people across the country. He would call on us to expand and support the Affordable Care Act and healthcare for everyone so that no one is one healthcare crisis away from bankruptcy. Our work is still to fight for justice and build that beloved community where each of us has a place to stand regardless of the color of our skin or where we live or how much money we have in our pockets, and in this be-loved community, we would tackle the legacies of racism and implicit bias that we all carry with us with courage and with fortitude. We would work to-gether to build that community that inspires us and to leave a world to our children that makes us proud, and, most importantly, we operate always from a place of generosity and abun-dance rather than fear and scarcity. From that jail cell in Alabama, Dr. King wrote: ‘‘We are caught in an ines-capable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny,’’ or, as the great civil rights leader Reverend Jo-seph Lowery once said to me during the Immigrant Workers Freedom Ride: ‘‘We may have come over on different ships, but we are all in the same boat now.’’ To make a difference, to truly serve the people, it only takes courage and coming together as a collective, across the aisle, across rural and urban, across Black, White, and Brown. Dr. King showed us what that really looks like, and he died because he was com-pelled to stand for making a reality from a dream of what was possible only in a country as great as the United States of America. Today, as we remember and honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., we re-member, too, that if we are coura-geous, if we put people over politics, our actions have the power to change lives, to push that moral arc of the uni-verse more quickly towards justice. As Dr. King said: ‘‘We must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead. We cannot turn back.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.003 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H87 January 10, 2018 
b1015 CONGRESSMAN TIBERI’S FAREWELL ADDRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ) for 5 minutes. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, it has truly been the most remarkable honor to serve the people of Ohio’s 12th Con-gressional District in central Ohio. It all started in 1999, on my parents’ front porch, the house that I grew up in, in a middle class neighborhood in Columbus called Forest Park. There, as the son of Italian immigrants, I learned how blessed I truly was to be an American; first in my family to graduate from high school, to go to high school, work my way through col-lege at The Ohio State University. See, my mom and dad believed that America was an incredible opportunity. With hard work and a good education, you could do anything. With their sac-rifices and their hard work, I am here before you today, and for their sac-rifices, I am forever grateful. Leaving this Congress was not an easy decision. The speech that I made in 1999, on their front porch, still holds true today, the reason why I ran, to help those constituents, not only help them here in Washington, but help them cut through the red tape, to help that veteran, to help that widow on So-cial Security. But leaving was important for my family. It was important to support them, to be with them more. My col-leagues understand that. The sacrifices that we make, they make more. We put our names on the ballot, our spouses don’t, our children don’t. To my colleagues, thank you for your friendship, your mentorship, and, cer-tainly, your wisdom over the years. I will miss you. To my supporters, who spent count-less hours knocking on doors, putting up signs, going on bus tours, I couldn’t have done it without you. Thank you. To my team, both back in Ohio and here in D.C., both past and present, thank you for helping me serve and succeed for the people of Ohio’s 12th District. The late, great Woody Hayes said: ‘‘You win with people.’’ You are my people, and we have won together so many battles. I could not have done this without you. Forever Team Tiberi you all will be. Most importantly, for my wife, Denice; our four daughters, Angelina, Cristina, Daniela, and Gabriela, thank you for all your support over the years. I will look forward to seeing you much more. Finally, to the constituents of the 12th Congressional District, what an honor, a humbling honor, to serve you for the last 17 years. For a kid who grew up in Columbus, Ohio, in a middle class family, it has truly been an amaz-ing journey. This speech is not good- bye; this speech is see you soon around the corner. And to that, I wish you all the best here in the United States Congress. God bless you, and God bless America. f 
SHIELD OUR DREAMERS FROM DEPORTATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, we will all certainly miss the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ). He is a wonderful Member, and we have en-joyed his service to our country. Mr. Speaker, last night, a U.S. Dis-trict Court Judge ordered the adminis-tration to continue accepting renewal applications for DACA recipients. Al-though this is welcome news, this should not undercut the urgency for us here in Congress to pass a permanent legislative solution to shield our DREAMers from deportation. This week, I, again, had the great honor of meeting another great group of bright and hardworking young im-migrants from my district whose DACA permits will expire in the com-ing weeks and the coming months. De-spite their circumstances, despite liv-ing in fear and uncertainty about what their future holds, each one of these in-dividuals has demonstrated great re-solve and perseverance to continue the fight. They visit Members of Congress, they share their unique stories, they provide the facts about their contributions in our communities, and they implore us to give them the opportunity to stay in what they consider to be their home, the United States. Our DREAMers have suffered long enough, Mr. Speaker, and it is time that we act and take this issue to the finish line. Human lives are, indeed, at stake. Our DREAMers can’t live from court decision to court decision. As Congress has returned this week to begin our second session, I am here, once again, to urge us all to bring to the floor a legislative solution to give our DREAMers the opportunity to work here, to study here in this great country that they know as home. I am confident that we have the votes, Re-publicans and Democrats, for the House and the Senate to pass this per-manent legislative fix. We can, and we must, make this happen now. Let us not wait any longer. 
CELEBRATING THE GROUNDBREAKING FOR THE  
ST. THOMAS UNIVERSITY GUS MACHADO  
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate St. Thomas University as it breaks ground on Jan-uary 24 on the new home for the Gus Machado School of Business. This new facility will empower St. Thomas Uni-versity to continue its decades-long commitment to providing an excellent, yet affordable, business education to students in south Florida. The new business school complex will include a state-of-the-art trading room, cybersecurity center, an entrepreneur-ship and innovation hub, and many other more exciting spaces. It will also empower the business school to offer 48 undergraduate and graduate degrees. Most importantly, with its expanded classrooms and robust technology in-frastructure, this new facility will keep St. Thomas at the forefront of business education and will enable the univer-sity to continue preparing new genera-tions of south Florida business leaders. I thank Gus Machado for his gen-erous gift and every member of the St. Thomas family who has worked so hard to make this dream a reality. RECOGNIZING THE LEGACY OF PARKER THOMSON  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Parker Thomson, a renowned attorney and civic leader from Miami who recently passed at the age of 85. Mr. Thomson was known for his work defending the First Amendment during his time with his law firm, Paul & Thomson. Parker was a leader in advocating for our south Florida environment, in-volved in cases to protect the Ever-glades and our pristine beaches. As the founding chair of the Miami- Dade Performing Arts Center Trust, Mr. Thomson helped lead the charge for the creation of the state-of-the-art Adrienne Arsht Center for the Per-forming Arts. Parker’s commitment to his community was also visible through his advocacy for The Under-line project to renovate public spaces in Miami, which is led by his daughter, another pillar of our community, new generation, Meg Daly. Mr. Thomson represented the spirit of hard work and served as a mentor to coworkers and friends. Parker Thom-son has left a legacy of service to his community, one that future genera-tions should seek to emulate. 
f 
NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) for 5 minutes. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, this week, we celebrate National Law Enforce-ment Appreciation Day. Law enforce-ment officers answer the call to public service. They enter into situations that put their lives on the line. When the natural human response to danger is to run away, these brave men and women run toward it, and they do this to pro-tect their communities. Our law enforcement officers occupy that thin blue line between good and evil. They stand between us and those who wish to do us harm and harm to our families. To the 780,000 police officers across this country who put on the badge every day, thank you, and God bless. 
CONGRATULATING HELEN HAWKINS  
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today to congratulate Helen Hawkins of Edwardsville, Illinois, for being in-ducted into the Senior Illinoisans Hall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.005 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH88 January 10, 2018 
of Fame. The recognition commemo-rates the achievements and contribu-tions of citizens age 65 and older. In-ductees are selected through a state-wide nomination and judging process. The program distinguishes individuals in the areas of community service, edu-cation, the work force, and the arts. Helen is a true public servant who has devoted many years to serving the residents of Madison County and Nameoki Township. Her no-nonsense style may have ruffled some feathers throughout the years, but she has never been afraid to fight for her con-stituents. Helen, thank you for your public service. 
HONORING BOB BUTLER  
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today to honor the longest serving mayor in the State of Illinois, Bob But-ler, who is a very good friend of Mar-ion. Now, he is a very good friend, but, whenever he first took office, he didn’t know me well because I was only 2
1⁄2 years old. He was first elected in April of 1963, and Bob is retiring this month after 55 years of service. Bob has always been a straight shooter and a good public servant. His progrowth agenda has helped turn Mar-ion into a regional powerhouse along I– 57 in the State of Illinois. In fact, the industrial park in Marion is named after him, and Bob fondly refers to the city of Marion as the hub of the uni-verse. He represents the dedication to public service that should serve as an inspiration to all of us. Mayor Bob Butler, we honor you, and wish you a happy and well-deserved re-tirement. 
RECOGNIZING SAM AND EVA JONES  
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today to recognize Sam and Eva Jones of Marion, Illinois. This remarkable couple was first married on September 27, 1936. Now, if you think about that, that was 80 years ago. Sam worked for Central Illinois Power Service until he retired in 1978. Eva worked at Norge in Herrin and later as a cook for Washington Elemen-tary School. Pillars of the community, they were longtime members of First Baptist Church in Marion and the Williamson County Farm Bureau. In 1993, their farm was honored as Family Farm of the Year by the Farm Bureau. Sadly, Eva passed last month, at the age of 101. My prayers are with Sam and the entire Jones family. Thank you for making southern Illinois a wonderful place to live. God bless you. 
f 
PUERTO RICO’S SHADOW DELEGATION TO CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N) for 5 minutes. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, today, after almost 120 years under the American flag, Puerto Rico remains as a colony of the United States, or under the Territorial Clause, to use the constitutional term. Our residents are subject to a second class citizenship. For all these years, the Federal Government has denied equal rights to all Puerto Ricans who have, in war and peace, made countless contributions to our Nation; who have bravely fought in every conflict since the Great War, defending our demo-cratic values, yet they are being denied the right to vote for their Commander- in-Chief and have full representation in this Congress. A large number of them have made the ultimate sacrifice, and when they do, their casket is flown back, covered in an American flag with 50 stars, and without the one representing them. Puerto Rico has experienced long- standing inequities under Federal laws, which now the whole world has been able to witness firsthand following the devastation caused by Hurricane Maria. b1030 Before that, hundreds of thousands of Puerto Ricans have already rejected this discrimination, choosing, instead, to buy their equality with a one-way airline ticket to Florida or simply changing their State ZIP Code. Without the equal rights and respon-sibilities that are only available through statehood, Puerto Rico will never truly recover and prosper from the hurricane effects. That is the rea-son we demand and deserve statehood for Puerto Rico now. The islands over-whelmingly voted for statehood in 2012 by a margin of 61 percent, and in June of last year, 97 percent of the islands voted again for statehood. That is the request that brought me here. That is what brings, today, the Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello´, Puerto Rico Senate President Thomas Rivera Schatz, House Speaker Johnny Mendez, and all other elected officials from the island who have come here to witness today’s historic introduction of the Puerto Rico shadow delegation to this Congress. That dele-gation will demand that the United States recognize the will of the people of Puerto Rico to become a State. This long-awaited action is in accord with the precedents set forth by the Tennessee Plan, adopted by the terri-tories of Tennessee, Michigan, Oregon, California, Iowa, Kansas, and Alaska, which followed a similar path to even-tual admission as States. It is my honor to introduce this dele-gation of seven members—three Repub-licans, three Democrats, one Inde-pendent, divided into two Senators, five Members to the House—as we be-come a State. Pedro Rossello´, former Governor of Puerto Rico, serves as the chair of the delegation; Carlos Romero Barcelo´to the senate, former Governor and a former Member of the house; Luis Fortun˜o, former Governor and a former Member of this House; Zoraida Fonalledas, Puerto Rico national com-mitteewoman and businesswoman; Charlie Rodriguez, State chairman for the DNC and former senate president; Alfonso Aguilar, president of the Latino Partnership for Conservative Principles; and Ivan ‘‘Pudge’’ Rodri-guez, a Major League Baseball player inducted into the Hall of Fame. Puerto Rico has come to this House today to claim the American Dream and to fulfill its destiny, to obtain equality within the Nation, and to un-leash our full potential. Statehood will make Puerto Rico stronger, but we, to-gether, will make the United States a more perfect Union. f 
HONORING SERGEANT MAJOR ROBERT HAWKINS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sergeant Major Robert Hawkins of the United States Army for his extraordinary dedication to duty and service to our Nation. Sergeant Major Hawkins will soon transition from his current assignment as an Army Congressional Legislative Liai-son Officer in the House of Representa-tives to serve in the Office of the As-sistant Secretary of the Army for Ac-quisition, Logistics, and Technology. A native of Alexandria, Virginia, Ser-geant Major Hawkins began his mili-tary career as an airborne infantryman in 1990. He subsequently served in as-signments to the Republic of Panama; Fort Myers, Florida; Schofield Bar-racks, Hawaii; Fort Polk, Louisiana; Fort Bliss, Texas; Fort Campbell, Ken-tucky; and three times at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Sergeant Major Hawkins has served in multiple leadership and staff posi-tions throughout his distinguished ca-reer. His combat deployments include one tour in Iraq in support of Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom and three tours of combat in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. In 2014, Sergeant Major Hawkins was selected as a fellow in the Army Con-gressional Fellowship Program. He sub-sequently served 12 months as a de-fense legislative fellow in my congres-sional office, representing the First Congressional District of Minnesota. While working on our team, I came to know Sergeant Major Hawkins as a shining example of the Army values set forth in the Noncommissioned Officer’s Creed. ‘‘Competence’’ is indeed Ser-geant Major Hawkins’ watchword, and his commitment to doing what good NCOs do, accomplishing every mission, while taking care of his teammates, was second to none. For the next 2 years, Sergeant Major Hawkins served as a Congressional Legislative Liaison Officer in the United States Army House Liaison Di-vision. As the primary link between House Members, their staff, and the committees, along with the Army, he has provided insight and understanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.006 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H89 January 10, 2018 
of Army policies, actions, operations, and requirements. His firsthand knowl-edge of the military, its culture, and its tradition has been of tremendous value to congressional offices. Sergeant Major Hawkins was espe-cially effective in his service to Mem-bers and staff as he escorted them on fact-finding and oversight delegations within and outside the United States. Members and staff found him to be a thoughtful, intelligent, dedicated sol-dier in the very best traditions of America’s Armed Forces. Mr. Speaker, it has been a pleasure to know and serve with Sergeant Major Hawkins during his time as Army Con-gressional Fellow and Congressional Legislative Liaison Officer in the House of Representatives. On behalf of a grateful nation, it is my honor to recognize the selfless serv-ice and sacrifice of Sergeant Major Robert ‘‘Bobby’’ Hawkins and his fam-ily. I wish Sergeant Major Hawkins the very best as he begins a new chapter of dedicated service to our Nation in the United States Army. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FORMER CONGRESSMAN LARRY WINN, JR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember the life of a long-time public servant in this body, one of my predecessors, former Third District Congressman from Kan-sas, Representative Larry Winn. Larry passed away on New Year’s Eve at the remarkable age of 98, and he will be dearly missed by his family and the people of the Third District. Larry will long be remembered in our community and in the Halls of Congress as a de-voted public servant. Representative Winn served in this body for 18 years, from 1967 to 1985. His time in the House spanned across nine Congresses and five Presidential ad-ministrations, from Lyndon B. Johnson to Ronald Reagan. He served alongside some of the great statesmen of his time. Larry’s freshman class in the House included later President George H.W. Bush. Larry and his wife, Joan, became good friends with the Bushes, and Joan and Barbara Bush were proud members of a club for congressional spouses called the 66 Club. Larry became close friends with and greatly respected President Gerald Ford, who once visited the Third Dis-trict and drew a huge crowd in my hometown of Overland Park. Larry also represented our State, along with one of our most prominent Kansans ever, Senator Bob Dole. Larry was known as a congenial Member who worked to find consensus and develop strong relationships with his colleagues on both sides of the aisle. While he spent his entire time in Congress in the minority party, he made a priority of seeking out opportu-nities and friends on both sides of the aisle. Representative Winn served on the House Committee on Foreign Affairs for many years, ultimately becoming the ranking member on the committee. During his time working on the For-eign Affairs Committee, the United States grappled with major world events such as the Cold War, the Viet-nam war, and conflict in the Middle East. In addition to his role on the For-eign Affairs Committee, he also rep-resented the U.S. as a congressional representative to the United Nations, appointed by President Reagan. In all of these roles, he was an excellent rep-resentative of our country to the rest of the world. Larry took tremendous pride in serv-ing the people of the Third District. Constituent service was always one of his top priorities, and he believed that solving problems for his constituents was one of his most important respon-sibilities. If someone had an issue with a Federal agency, Larry and his staff would make sure that it got resolved. This principle of valuing and serving each individual constituent in the dis-trict is one that I try to follow to this day trying to fill his shoes. He lived a great life outside of Con-gress as well. Larry was an alumnus of the University of Kansas school of journalism and a proud Jayhawk. I have even heard that he taught lifelong Wildcat current Senator P
ATROBERTS  how to ‘‘Wave the Wheat.’’ When World War II began, he was un-able to join the military due to the loss of one of his legs in an accident; how-ever, he still served his country admi-rably by building airplanes in Kansas City. Other accomplishments of his in-cluded serving as the director of the National Association of Home Builders and the founding of the Kansas City, Kansas, Chamber’s Congressional Forum, which I have the privilege of regularly addressing and is still going on today, starting its 50th year. Larry was a mentor to me and so many aspiring elected officials in Kan-sas, dispensing valuable advice, and old war stories to help guide us along. He had a gift for humor and an ease with people that served him well in all of his endeavors. And most of all, he was a great man. While we will mourn the loss of Larry, I take comfort knowing that he is now being reunited with Joan, his beloved wife of 73 years, who passed away in 2015. Larry also leaves behind a large and loving family. His legacy will live on through his four children— Larry Winn III, Douglas Winn, Janet Payne, and Cynthia Burr—plus 8 grand-children and 16 great-grandchildren. Larry’s legacy will live on in other public servants whom he mentored and inspired. He left an indelible mark on this body, and because of his leadership here, Kansas and the United States is better off for it. On behalf of the United States Con-gress, we are thankful for Larry Winn’s service to our country. He is in God’s hands now. May he rest in eternal peace. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes, Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in the well of the Con-gress of the United States of America as a proud, liberated Democrat. A lib-erated Democrat, by my definition, is one who cannot only speak truth to power, but can also speak about power. So I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to honor and celebrate the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King. And in so doing, I want to encourage persons to not only read the masterpiece that Dr. King wrote when he was in the Bir-mingham jail, but also read the letter that he was responding to. This letter was written by eight per-sons, in my opinion, none of whom were bigots, none of whom taught or preached hate; eight persons who were of the religious community; eight per-sons who were beyond reproach, high moral standards, impeccable character. You need to read the letter that Dr. King was responding to, the letter that was written by eight members of the clergy. And when you read this letter, as you go through it, you will get to the last paragraph. I shall read the last paragraph and excerpt from it, if you will, not in its entirety, but I shall read an excerpt from the last paragraph, and then I want to contemporize the excerpt from the last paragraph. Read it in its entirety. Read the let-ter from the Birmingham jail. But, my friends, please read the letter that he was responding to. If you do not read this letter, you cannot totally appre-ciate the message that Dr. King was conveying. Here is what I shall read as an ex-cerpt. It reads: ‘‘When rights are con-sistently denied, a cause should be pressed in the courts and in negotia-tions among local leaders, and not in the streets.’’ I just want to contemporize that sen-tence. In the courts, let somebody else take care of this problem. There are other people who are prepared for this. They know best how to handle this. Let someone else do what we could take upon ourselves the duty to do. Let someone else be responsible for liberty and justice for all. Let someone else be responsible for government of the peo-ple, by the people, for the people. Let someone else do it. Contemporizing this language, let the special prosecutor do it. The spe-cial prosecutor will give us a decision that we can appreciate, that we can take forth, that we can then claim has given us the foundation to do some-thing significant. Mr. Speaker, these were persons of honorable standing, great stature. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.008 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH90 January 10, 2018 
They meant well, but they wanted to let someone else do what they them-selves could have had a hand in doing. Mr. Speaker, Dr. King was a man who believed that bigotry and hatred must be confronted, and he understood this one basic premise: those who will tol-erate bigotry and hatred, they will do very little to change it. They will find reasons why they can’t change bigotry and hatred when given the oppor-tunity. There is always an excuse. It won’t be the Good Samaritan response: If I don’t help people who are being dis-criminated against, who are being kicked off of jobs because they are LGBTQ, who can’t get loans because of their ethnicity, because of religiosity— invidious religiosity, I might add. They are being barred, banned. b1045 They won’t look to see what is hap-pening to them. What they will do is ask: What will happen to me if I step out there and try to help them? I don’t think they are persons of ill will. I think that they are persons who mean well. But I ask people to under-stand the context of this time by un-derstanding and reviewing the context of the time that Dr. King lived in and review that letter from the Bir-mingham jail—the masterpiece—but also read the letter that he was re-sponding to. Those who will tolerate bigotry will do little to change it. 
f 
STUDENT LOAN DEBT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, in today’s Washington Post, there is a major story on the front page of the Style Section about a young woman name Sarah Pool. One of the headlines says: ‘‘Sarah Pool, 31, has a baby and a job, and loves them both, but she fears she will be paying off student loans till the day she dies.’’ She got loans totaling $60,000 but now owes $69,000. She is quoted as saying: ‘‘I keep paying, but it is like pouring into a bucket with no bottom.’’ Mr. Speaker, for several years, I have been speaking out about how harmful the Federal student loan program has become for many, many hundreds of thousands of students and families around this country. In May of 2015, I wrote an article for the Washington Examiner newspaper with ideas about how to bring down the cost of college. In that article, I quoted hedge fund manager James Altucher, who wrote: ‘‘We are graduating a gen-eration of indentured students.’’ An Ohio University economist, Rich-ard Vedder, wrote a book several years ago entitled ‘‘Going Broke By Degree.’’ In the February issue of Chronicles magazine, which will be out in just a few days, I have another article; and in that article I say that student loan debt in the United States is now $1.48 trillion. That incredible sum is a heavy drag on the economy and a burden on young people, and Federal intervention in education is the cause. It wasn’t always this way. In June of 1965, I began working as a salesman at the Sears store in Knox-ville, receiving a 10-cents-an-hour raise over my job as a bag boy at the A&P. At Sears, my wage was $1.25 an hour. I was required to wear a suit and tie, and I was very proud of that job. I worked full time that summer and usually around 20 hours a week after I began my freshman year at the Univer-sity of Tennessee in late September. After I had worked at Sears for 6 months—I didn’t realize I had been there 6 months—I was called to the of-fice for the first time. I was very con-cerned, to put it lightly. I met David Weaver, who was my same age, 18, at the escalator. I told him: I bet I was hit by one of those Hallmark shoppers— one of the mystery shoppers Sears had at the time. He told me he had just been called by a very angry woman to whom he had sold the wrong color of paint. David said that he was scared and that he had diabetes, and when he got too nervous, he would pass out. I can remember that conversation as if it happened yesterday. Much to our relief, we had been called to the office so management could give us good news: because we had been working at Sears for 6 months, they were giving us a nickel- an-hour raise. It shocks students at the University of Tennessee today when I tell them that tuition my freshman year was $90 per quarter, $270 for the academic year. By my senior year, it was $405. I re-member hearing our minority leader, Mr. H
OYER , say that when he started at the University of Maryland, it was $87 a semester. Almost no one left college in those days with debt unless they had bought a car or made some other major purchase. Students certainly did not go into debt for tuition because they could all work part time, as I did, and pay all their school expenses. Now, over 44 million Americans carry student loan debt—some of those debts reaching into the six figures. Readers Digest recently published an article in the December/January issue entitled ‘‘The Student Debt Racket.’’ The authors quote one student who owes $90,000 as saying: ‘‘My loans are a black cloud hanging over me. I am a student debt slave.’’ Colleges and universities began heav-ily promoting student loans in the late sixties and early seventies. They were able to tamp down opposition to tui-tion and fee increases by telling stu-dents: Don’t worry, we will just get you a loan. Then, because loans were available, many schools began raising tuition at two and three times the rate of infla-tion each year, and have continued to do so. I remember reading an article about 3 years ago in The Post which said that student tuition had gone up 41⁄2times the rate of inflation since 1985. Now the cost of higher education has soared to such great heights that universities are bragging if they hold the annual in-creases to 2 or 3 percent. They never consider reductions, not even miniscule ones. Thus we have another example of how Big Government liberalism helps the few at the top while harming the many down below. The Federal student loan program has made the owners of some loan serv-icing companies very wealthy and has been a boon to most college adminis-trators and tenured professors; and all of this at great expense to students and their families. When the Knoxville News Sentinel lists the highest paid people in east Tennessee each year, they are almost all at TVA or UT. Yet the pattern con-tinues to repeat: Liberals find a very small group of people who are having trouble paying for something, then in-sist that the only solution is to let the Federal Government ‘‘help.’’ But when-ever the Federal Government sub-sidizes something, the costs simply ex-plode because most of the incentives or pressures to hold costs down vanish. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would say this is why Mark Cuban, the Shark Tank star, has said: If you want to make college really expensive, make it free. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 51 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We ask Your special blessing upon the Members of this people’s House. They face difficult decisions and dif-ficult times, with many forces and in-terests demanding their attention. In these days, give wisdom to all Members, that they might execute their responsibilities to the benefit of all Americans. Bless them, O God, and be with them and with us all this day and every day to come. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.010 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H91 January 10, 2018 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. ESPAILLAT led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF ROCKY FAWCETT (Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Lewis County Leg-islator Rocky Fawcett. Rocky was a dedicated public servant who never stopped believing in the potential of Lewis County. Rocky was involved in many local causes and organizations, such as the Cornell Cooperative Exten-sion, the Lewis County Chamber of Commerce, and the Lewis County De-velopment Corporation. To all who knew him, Rocky was in-telligent, driven, and deeply devoted to public service. Simply put: Rocky Fawcett set the gold standard for what it means to be a legislator. Rocky was a dear friend and he al-ways greeted me with a huge smile and a hug during my many constituent out-reach events throughout Lewis County. I invite Members to join me in keep-ing his wife, Mary, and his family in your thoughts and prayers. May we continue to honor his memory by being passionate advocates for our commu-nities in Lewis County and beyond. LET’S TAKE CARE OF AMERICA’S CHILDREN (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, there is no greater responsibility that we have than the health and well-being of America’s children. The Children’s Health Insurance Program has been a huge success. In just a few weeks, fund-ing for this program will run out in my home State of Rhode Island. This is a program that has provided health insurance to 9 million children from working families in this country, 27,000 children and pregnant women in my home State of Rhode Island. It has always been a bipartisan issue. This program has been a huge success. It brought the rate of uninsured children down from almost 14 percent when the program began to 41⁄2percent today. And why haven’t we reauthorized this program yet that ensures the health and well-being of America’s children? We just passed—or the Republicans just passed—a $1.5 trillion tax cut for the richest people in this country, the biggest corporations, unpaid for. But we can’t manage to find money to re-authorize the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program? I urge the Republican leadership in this Chamber to bring a clean reau-thorization bill to the floor so we can reauthorize this effective and impor-tant program and take care of Amer-ica’s children. 
f 
WASHINGTON BUSINESSES GIVING BACK (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, we are already seeing the positive impact of tax reform. More than 100 businesses and corporations are giving back to their employees and their communities as a direct response to the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This historic tax reform legislation has paved the way for a better Amer-ican business environment, and hard-working people are benefiting from the contributions of major employers and service providers, including in my home State of Washington. Boeing announced a total investment of $300 million dedicated to corporate giving, employee training, and infra-structure improvement. Alaska Air-lines provided $1,000 bonuses for more than 20,000 employees. Washington Federal is increasing salaries by 5 per-cent for employees making under $100,000, investing in training, tech-nology upgrades, and making a $5 mil-lion philanthropic contribution. Pa-cific Power has committed to passing the company’s benefits on to their con-sumers, which include ratepayers in the Fourth Congressional District. These benefits and tax relief will have a lasting effect on Washington families, and I look forward to con-tinuing to work toward bigger pay-checks, more jobs, and a prosperous economy. f 
COMPACT IMPACT RELIEF (Ms. BORDALLO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to reintroduce my Compact Impact Relief Act with my colleagues from Hawaii and the Northern Mari-anas as original cosponsors. Our bill would provide relief to Guam and other States and territories required by the Federal Government to provide local public services to more than 76,000 mi-grants under the Compacts of Free As-sociation. Guam remains the top destination for Compact migrants from the three freely associated States. Our island ac-commodates nearly 18,000 out of a pop-ulation of just 175,000. As the United States looks to renew the Compacts after 2023, Congress must increase mandatory Compact impact funding to affected jurisdictions like Guam. Congress should provide the funding level recommended by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office, as I have called for repeatedly. In the meantime, I hope this House will act on the practical policy changes included in my Compact Impact Relief Act. 
f 
HIGHLIGHTING THE COURAGE AND PERSEVERANCE OF SONIA WARSHAWSKI (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the courage and per-severance of Sonia Warshawski, one of the few remaining Holocaust survivors in the Kansas City community and a constituent of mine. Now 91 years old, as a Polish teenager, she was forced into concentration camps, ripped from her family, and even had to watch as her mother walked into the gas cham-ber. Her life is being highlighted in a re-cent documentary showing in Amer-ican movie theaters called ‘‘Big Sonia,’’ co-directed by her grand-daughter, Leah Warshawski. This beau-tiful film tells the story of her struggle and heartbreak and the power of love to overcome hate. I have known Sonia for years as a friend, but also as a customer, as she runs the small tailoring business start-ed by her husband, John, who is also a Holocaust survivor. Sonia’s story reminds us of the un-speakable evil that she and others in the Holocaust had to endure and that we must never forget today. But her story as a survivor also reminds us of humanity’s beauty and kindness and the power to endure and overcome un-speakable tragedy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.013 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH92 January 10, 2018 
Thank you for sharing your inspira-tional story with America, Big Sonia. 
f 
STAND WITH THE DREAMERS (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say to DREAMers, their par-ents, and TPS holders from El Sal-vador, Haiti, Nicaragua, and Honduras: I stand with you. To date, over 15,000 young people have lost DACA due to congressional inaction, and the lives of over 800,000 young people are being used as a bar-gaining chip. For what? A wall? So stop playing with the people’s lives. Enough is enough. Let’s pass the Dream Act now. 
f 
MOTION TO ADJOURN Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia). The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 51, nays 331, not voting 49, as follows: 
[Roll No. 5] YEAS—51 
Bonamici Brady (PA) Capuano Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Clarke (NY) Correa Courtney Crowley Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Espaillat Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Khanna Lee McGovern Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano Norcross Pallone Pelosi Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Slaughter Suozzi Takano Thompson (MS) Tonko Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine 
NAYS—331 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—49 
Adams Bass Butterfield Cleaver Comer Conaway Culberson Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio Denham Dent Doggett Fudge Gabbard Gosar Granger Hanabusa Harris Higgins (NY) Hollingsworth Jenkins (WV) Kelly (IL) Kind Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lewis (GA) Lucas Lynch Mast McHenry McNerney Meeks Messer Payne Pocan Posey Renacci Rooney, Thomas J. Russell Scalise Tsongas Turner Wagner Walker Walz Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Young (AK) b1239 Messrs. BIGGS, GROTHMAN, EVANS, CARBAJAL, KRISHNAMOORTHI, Mses. BLUNT ROCHESTER, PINGREE, and Mr. HECK changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. CROWLEY, AL GREEN of Texas, CORREA, NADLER, and SERRANO changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to adjourn was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I was un-able to make votes due to an off Hill meeting. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 5. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’ on Mr. E
SPAILLAT ’s Motion to Adjourn. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 5. 
f 
ABOLISH HUMAN TRAFFICKING DAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Keisha was 16 years old when she ran away from a foster family to avoid being sexually assaulted by that fam-ily. She thought she was finally safe from abuse when she met a man named Mastur D. Mastur D promised her that he would return her to her biological family. But he lied. He forced her to have sex with other men for money. Now she found herself to be a trafficked victim of the sex slave trade. Mr. Speaker, she was arrested for prostitution. After her second arrest, authorities finally rescued her from the trafficking scourge and provided her a way out of that situation. My legislation, the Abolish Human Trafficking Act, will increase prosecu-tions for perpetrators of human traf-ficking, like Mastur D, and hold those accountable for their crimes of sex slavery. We must support victims of human trafficking and put their predators where they belong: behind bars. Tomor-row is Abolish Human Trafficking Day, our society must prosecute the traf-fickers and rescue victims of this scourge on America. And that is just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.015 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H93 January 10, 2018 
ANNIVERSARY OF APPROVING WOMEN’S SUFFRAGE AMEND-MENT TO THE U.S. CONSTITU-TION (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, 100 years ago today, this House passed a constitutional amendment granting women the right to vote. 274 Members voted for it, but 136 voted against it. One Representative said: ‘‘Important issues cannot be decided by women’s fears and tears and emotions. They have to be decided by the real, manly men of America.’’ One hundred years later, unfortu-nately, we hear similar comments. To get our rights and to protect our rights, the battle continues. But 2018, Mr. Speaker, is the year of the women. We will never give up our rights, we will never give up our votes, and we will never, ever give up our voice. Mr. Speaker, we have history slap-ping us in the face. We, as a body, need to recognize and respect women’s rights in this House and in America. 
f 
MORE MONEY, LESS PROBLEMS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I was grateful to learn that Tidewater Boats is investing $8.3 million to expand their manufac-turing facility in Lexington, South Carolina, creating 100 new jobs. This news is on top of Aflac announc-ing they will be expanding their 700 employees in Columbia, South Caro-lina, and doubling their employee 401(k) matching funds. On the same day Republicans passed historic tax cuts, AT&T, led by Pam Lackey, announced they are providing 200,000 employees a $1,000 bonus. Comcast will be providing $1,000 bo-nuses to 100,000 employees. BB&T, a valued corporate citizen led by Mike Brennan, will be raising their employee wages to $15 an hour and providing a $1,200 bonus for 27,000 employees. Boeing of Charleston announced they will be donating $100 million to char-ities that focus on education, local communities, veterans, and military personnel. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is not only for businesses. I appreciate that next month American families will see more of their own money in their pay-check. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Best wishes to D
ARRELL ISSA and Kathy Issa for their dedicated service as they announce retirement. We look forward to their continued service for the American people. b1245 FIX OUR TAX CODE (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the tax scam that was voted for by 100 percent of Repub-licans and signed by President Trump. We all know that this bill puts mid-dle class families out in the cold. This tax scam raised taxes on 86 million American families. It robs our ability to help American veterans, children, and seniors. Republicans have slashed taxes on the wealthiest among us, and now they want us to slash, cut, deci-mate Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Some of my colleagues would have us believe that this bill is about pros-perity for all. Prosperity for whom? It is a tax giveaway to billionaires and millionaires. Does slashing tax revenue create prosperity for communities like Flint, Michigan, where American families continue to suffer through a water cri-sis, a crisis that my Republican col-leagues claim they can’t find the fund-ing to help our American brothers and sisters who are suffering? Republicans want us to believe this bill is fiscally responsible, but we all know there is nothing fiscally respon-sible about taking healthcare away from millions of Americans while bal-looning our country’s deficit by as much as $2 trillion. Mr. Speaker, we need to fix our Tax Code, not leave American families out in the cold. f 
RECOGNIZING SERGEANT THOMAS REID, JR. (Mr. CHABOT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and thank Sergeant Thomas Reid, Jr., for his 45 years of service with the Cincinnati Police De-partment. A lot has changed since he joined the department back in 1972, after serving in Vietnam, but one thing has re-mained the same. For 4
1⁄2decades, Ser-geant Reid continued to dedicate him-self to keeping our community safe. During his time on the force, Ser-geant Reid led by example and passed his knowledge and experience on to his fellow officers, often advising them to ‘‘treat others as you want to be treat-ed.’’ Sergeant Reid retired at the end of December as the Cincinnati Police De-partment’s longest-serving member, and his leadership and guidance will be missed. The city of Cincinnati is a bet-ter place because of his service, and his legacy and impact will be felt in our community for years to come. For that, Mr. Speaker, we Cincinnatians are deeply grateful and indebted to him. Thank you, Sergeant Reid. f 
BRING DREAM ACT TO HOUSE FLOOR (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, college students everywhere are en-joying the last days of vacation before heading back to school. But for thou-sands of people, this break was spent trying to figure out how to stay in the only home they have ever known. There have been multiple stories of young DREAMers being detained over this holiday break. These are stellar students who attend elite schools, like UC San Diego and UC Berkeley. They are now sitting in detention facilities, unable to go back to school and con-tinue their education. Is this the America that our fore-fathers fought for, one where bright students sit in detention facilities in-stead of classrooms, questioning if they can ever make the contribution to our United States of America that they dream of? Mr. Speaker, I once again plead with you, with all due respect, to please bring the Dream Act to the floor. The American people overwhelmingly sup-port it. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF THOMAS S. MONSON (Mr. CURTIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a beloved worldwide leader, Thomas S. Monson, who served as the president and proph-et of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints until his passing last week. From an early age, President Monson led a faithful life serving those most in need and seeking out those who often went unnoticed. His loving service spanned over half a century. On a personal note, while I was mayor of Provo, our historic taber-nacle burned down in a tragic fire. The devastating loss of such a treasured building in our community was pal-pable. But President Monson had the un-mistakable foresight to know that something even more remarkable could one day stand in its place. I will never forget the audible gasp from thousands of church members when President Monson announced that, from the ashes of the tabernacle, a new temple would be built in its stead. Today, that temple stands as an ex-traordinary reminder of his unmatched leadership that led us from loss and sorrow to hope and joy. My wife, Sue, and I express our deep-est condolences to President Monson’s family and the many members of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.017 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH94 January 10, 2018 
church around the world that grieve at the loss of this important leader. 
f 
SUPPORTING PROTECTED STATUS (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, President Trump took action to undocument 200,000 immigrants from El Salvador, who have TPS and have been working regularly and re-newing their documents in the U.S. for more than 20 years. He said the same thing to 58,000 Haitians. They need to leave in another 16 months. This is the same thing that happened with the DREAMers. He made them undocu-mented, 800,000 of whom are working. Mr. Speaker, I am tired of coming to work here and meeting people in the cafeteria and people who are sweeping floors and doing all kinds of work here in the Capitol who now are in fear of losing their legal protected status and being able to work here in this country because they are undocumented. They want to make people who are working, yes, right here in the Capitol of the United States undocumented. For that, I call upon us to do the work that we were sent here to do and to protect people. We shouldn’t be sending 58,000 Haitians back to the poorest country in this hemisphere from the richest country. That is unfathomable and unconscionable and we shouldn’t do it. 
f 
MOTION TO ADJOURN Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 54, nays 311, not voting 66, as follows: 
[Roll No. 6] YEAS—54 
Bonamici Brady (PA) Capuano Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Correa Courtney Crowley Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Espaillat Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Jayapal Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Khanna Kihuen Lawrence Lee Lowey Maloney, Carolyn B. McGovern Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano Norcross Pallone Pelosi Pocan Rice (NY) Rosen Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Slaughter Suozzi Takano Thompson (MS) Tonko Tsongas Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman NAYS—311 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stivers Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—66 
Adams Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brown (MD) Butterfield Calvert Carson (IN) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro Demings Denham Dent Doggett Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Granger Hanabusa Higgins (NY) Jackson Lee Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Jordan Kelly (IL) Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawson (FL) Lewis (GA) Mast McHenry McNerney Meeks Messer Pascrell Payne Quigley Renacci Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. Rush Russell Scalise Scott (VA) Scott, David Shuster Sinema Stefanik Stewart Taylor Trott Turner Walden Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1316 Messrs. POLIQUIN, HUFFMAN, WENSTRUP, and Mrs. NOEM changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. KIHUEN changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to adjourn was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
IF YOU DON’T WANT A TAX CUT, YOU CAN MAIL IT BACK TO THE IRS (Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, some folks in Washington are upset because we just passed the largest tax cut in American history. They think that this money is Washington’s money and that politicians and bureaucrats should de-cide how to spend it. I couldn’t disagree more. You and I know that this money belongs to the American people. It came out of their wallets. Under our new law, we put hard-working families first by helping them cope with the costs of raising children by doubling the child tax credit. We also help small businesses by cut-ting their taxes so that they can com-pete with foreign companies and create jobs right here in America. For those folks who don’t think that they need an average extra $1,500 or more a year to spend, or who think that politicians and bureaucrats can spend their money better, I have a good solution: go ahead and drop your new refund check in the mail. Send it to the Internal Revenue Service. The IRS will be glad to take your money. 
f 
TEMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS (Mr. GOMEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.018 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H95 January 10, 2018 
Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the Trump ad-ministration’s decision to end tem-porary protected status, TPS, for more than 200,000 Salvadorans. TPS holders are thoroughly vetted legal residents who have contributed to our economy and to our communities for almost two decades. Most TPS re-cipients now call the United States home. Many are parents to children who are American citizens, and tearing these families apart is a heartless and cruel act. In their decision, this administration claims they reviewed the disaster-re-lated conditions on which the original determination was made; however, they failed to consider the current re-alities that make El Salvador one of the most dangerous countries in the world. This irresponsible decision will drop hundreds of thousands of people into violence and disaster. Sending 200,000 Salvadorans, many from my district, to a dangerous for-eign country is inhumane. Mr. Speak-er, I urge my colleagues to imme-diately pass the American Promise Act so that we can correct this despicable action. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO PHILLIP LYONS (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a member of the Greatest Generation, a Montanan whose service to our Nation and Mon-tana stretched across eight decades. Born and raised in Butte, Phillip ‘‘Herk’’ Lyons answered the call to serve following the attack on Pearl Harbor. He joined the Navy and served as a submariner in both World War II and the Korean war. Phil became active with military service organizations in the 1950s, serv-ing in leadership roles in the American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and Disabled American Veterans, among others. Phil was known as ‘‘Mr. DAV.’’ He logged more than 50,000 miles, 16,000 hours, and carried more than 1,700 fel-low veterans to appointments. On behalf of all Montanans, I honor the memory of Phil, and I extend my condolences to his daughter, Debbie, his family, his friends, and all those whom his service touched. 
f 
ACT NOW ON A PERMANENT SOLU-TION TO PROTECT DREAMERS (Mr. GRIJALVA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, given that each day that Congress delays ac-tion on the Dream Act, 122 people lose their DACA protected status—since September 5, when Trump eliminated DACA, close to 16,000 young people have lost their protected status and face daily risk of deportation; given the fact that we have pleaded with Re-publican leadership on the urgency of finding a permanent legislative solu-tion that will protect DREAMers; given the fact that the contradictions and confusion in the negotiations going on to craft a legislative fix continue to abound; and given the fact that this House has the opportunity to vote on a clean Dream Act, we must act now on a permanent solution that will protect DREAMers. f 
MOTION TO ADJOURN Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 62, nays 324, not voting 45, as follows: 
[Roll No. 7] YEAS—62 
Bass Bonamici Brady (PA) Capuano Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Correa Courtney Crowley DeFazio Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Espaillat Fudge Gallego Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Khanna Kihuen Lee Lewis (GA) Lowey Maloney, Carolyn B. McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano Norcross Pallone Payne Pelosi Pocan Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Sarbanes Serrano Shea-Porter Slaughter Suozzi Takano Thompson (MS) Tiberi Tonko Tsongas Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
NAYS—324 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Torres Trott Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—45 
Adams Barletta Blum Burgess Butterfield Cook Cummings Davis (CA) Denham Dent DeSantis Doggett Gabbard Gaetz Garamendi Granger Hanabusa Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Jenkins (WV) Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Mast McHenry McNerney Messer Posey Quigley Renacci Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Russell Sa´nchez Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Scott, David Shuster Turner Wagner Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.022 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH96 January 10, 2018 
b1346 Messrs. MITCHELL and HARPER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to adjourn was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, January 10, 2018, I missed rollcall votes 5–7 on the motions to adjourn from Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. G
RIJALVA . I was attending meetings off-cam-pus and was not able to return for these unex-pected votes that were not on the House schedule. If I had been present for these votes, I would have voted: ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall vote 5 on the motion to adjourn from Mr. E
SPAILLAT , ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall vote 6 on the mo-tion to adjourn from Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall vote 7 on the motion to adjourn from Mr. G
RIJALVA . 
f 
INCLUDE E-VERIFY IN IMMIGRATION REFORM PACKAGE (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Congress should include an E-Verify employment eligibility verification program in any immigration reform package. E-Verify is the most effective deterrent to illegal immigration be-cause it shuts off the jobs magnet and saves jobs for hardworking Americans. It is no surprise that E-Verify receives the most public support—82 percent—of any proposed immigration reform. The E-Verify legislation, the Legal Workforce Act, approved by the Judici-ary Committee, has the support of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and immi-gration enforcement groups. It pro-vides employers with an efficient and workable system to verify their em-ployees’ work status, and the require-ment for employers to verify their workers only applies to new employees, not existing workers. Members should hesitate to support any immigration reform package that does not include requiring employers to use E-Verify. Congress should put the interests of American workers first. 
f 
LET STATES REGULATE MARIJUANA (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I was grave-ly concerned last week when Attorney General Sessions removed the guidance of the Cole memo regarding the way that the Department of Justice treats marijuana in jurisdictions where it is legal for medicinal or commercial cir-cumstances. I happen to represent one of those States, the State of Colorado, which has a regulatory system for marijuana that has now been called into jeopardy through a Federal over-reach. Effectively, Attorney General Ses-sions has left the entire fate of not just the industry and those who work in it but also consumers in my State in the hands of 93 U.S. attorneys, including the one for our State who, if they wake up on the wrong side of the bed one morning, could engage in a mass en-forcement action against residents of Colorado who are following our State law. I call on President Trump to over-turn his attorney, and I call upon this body to put the appropriate funding re-strictions, based on the McClintock- Polis amendment, into the final fund-ing bill in the next few weeks to pre-vent the Department of Justice from using funds given to them by Congress to contravene State law in jurisdic-tions that have chosen to regulate marijuana. f 
RECOGNIZING THE BICENTENNIAL OF SPENCER COUNTY, INDIANA (Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of an important milestone in Indiana history, the bi-centennial of Spencer County, Indiana. Founded in 1818 by Captain Spier Spencer, this rural county along the Ohio River was the boyhood home of Abraham Lincoln. Years later, when recalling his time in Spencer County, the man who became our 16th Presi-dent stated quite succinctly: ‘‘There, I grew up.’’ In addition to the Lincoln Boyhood National Memorial and a scenic state park, Spencer County is home to St. Meinrad Archabbey and Indiana’s pre-mier tourist destinations, Holiday World and Splashin’ Safari. Wildly rec-ognized as the world’s first theme park, Holiday World draws hundreds of thou-sands of visitors to the county each year. Today, strategically connected to the world by Interstate 64, US 231, rail, and the Ohio River, Spencer County has be-come a leader in agriculture, manufac-turing, maritime and ground logistics, steel production, power generation, and world class family entertainment. I proudly salute the citizens and the wonderful hometowns of Spencer Coun-ty on this notable occasion. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CENTRAL PENNSYLVANIA INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY LANDSCAPING STUDENTS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late the landscaping students at the Central Pennsylvania Institute of Science and Technology for their fourth consecutive first-place win at the Pennsylvania Farm Show. CPI students again took home the top prize this year in the agricultural education landscape exhibits. In total, eight schools entered this competition at the Farm Show, which is the Na-tion’s largest indoor agricultural event. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the fol-lowing students who are a part of the winning team: Charlee Marshall, Alexis Witherite, Landon Wagner, Jarod Wil-liams, Robert Ficarro, and Calen McCool. The students have learned from CPI’s horticulture and landscaping instruc-tor Joe Luther. Just a couple of weeks ago, Mr. Luther was named the Na-tional Career and Technical Education Teacher of the Year. Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the Con-gressional Career and Technical Edu-cation Caucus, I am most proud of these CPI students and Mr. Luther for being four-time first-place champions at the Pennsylvania Farm Show. I congratulate them, and I know that they will continue this fine tradition of being the team to beat at the Pennsyl-vania Farm Show. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 140, AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 681 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 681 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (S. 140) to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-54 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce and the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Natural Resources; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The gentleman from Okla-homa is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.024 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H97 January 10, 2018 
may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of a very im-portant measure. The resolution pro-vides for consideration of S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the White Mountain Apache Tribe Set-tlement Fund. This bill also includes the text of S. 249, a bill to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain restricted land; and H.R. 986, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2017. The rule provides for 1 hour of de-bate, 30 minutes of which will be equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Natural Re-sources Committee, and 30 minutes of which will be equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking mem-ber of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. Speaker, the first two items are noncontroversial; however, I am very pleased that within S. 140, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act is included. This language would allow Tribal gov-ernments to be excluded from require-ments for employers under the Na-tional Labor Relations Act. When President Franklin Roosevelt signed the NLRA into law in 1935, Congress wisely excluded governments, all gov-ernments, from the definition of ‘‘em-ployer.’’ At the bill signing of the NLRA, President Roosevelt said: ‘‘This Act de-fines, as a part of our substantive law, the right of self-organization of em-ployees in industry for the purpose of collective bargaining, and provides methods by which the Government can safeguard that legal right.’’ The President made clear in his speech at that time that the intent of the law is that it should apply only to workers in the private sector. Tribes are governments and should be treated as such. The intent of the law was and is clear: Tribal governments supervise the employees within their govern-ments and enterprises, not the Federal Government. From 1935 until 2003, nearly seven decades, the National Labor Relations Board agreed and interpreted the stat-ute in a way that did not apply to In-dian Tribes because they were govern-ments. In 2004, the NLRB abruptly changed course and, for the first time, held the act applicable to Indian Tribes. The NLRB did this by high-lighting the fact that the act did not expressly include Tribal governments among those excluded from the phrase ‘‘employer.’’ This is simply an egre-gious act of bureaucratic overreach. Let me be clear. In this case, acting on its own, the NLRB expanded its ju-risdiction. Neither the existing admin-istration at the time nor Congress asked or ordered the NLRB to take this action. The impacts of labor strife on Tribal governments and economies are more harmful than on other governments be-cause there is no effective tax base in Tribal communities. Indian lands are held in trust by the United States and are not subject to taxation. The high unemployment rates and legal restric-tions make income taxation an unfeasible option. As a result, the businesses operated by Tribal governments, gaming oper-ations, Tribal agriculture, energy and timber operations, and other Tribal government enterprise constitute the sole source of revenue that is used to fund essential government services for Tribes. This bill has drawn bipartisan sup-port in our effort to reverse the deci-sion of the NLRB. In the 114th Con-gress, the same language passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 249–177. b1400 This bill will strengthen Tribal sov-ereignty and correct this overreach, di-recting the NLRB to enforce the NLRA, National Labor Relations Act, as it was originally intended. In the end, Mr. Speaker, all we are doing here today with this bill is affirming what was Congress’ original intent. The NLRA does not have jurisdiction over Tribal governments. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, over 3 months ago, the funding for the Children’s Health In-surance Program, or CHIP, expired. Today, families throughout the coun-try, including 90,000 children in my home State of Colorado, face great un-certainty about the future of their healthcare. When CHIP was first passed, over 20 years ago, it was done in a bipartisan manner, and, until recently, CHIP has always been a bipartisan, nondivisive issue. It is unfortunate to see that, today, here, we are in this body under Republican leadership and, somehow, even children’s health insurance has become a political football while we while away our time, our precious leg-islative time, on bills that have passed this body before and don’t go any-where. In our most recent Band-Aid for gov-ernment funding, House Republicans made a claim that CHIP was extended until March 31, but that wasn’t the case. By some reports, States could run out of funding in the next few weeks. In fact, in Colorado, our own budget ex-perts predict the State will run out of children’s health insurance money by the end of February. Cancellation let-ters are literally scheduled to go out at the end of this month. Mr. Speaker, this simply isn’t a way to govern, crisis to crisis, ignoring the real issues people care about in order to consider special interest legislation. Republican leadership and the Trump administration continue to refuse to work on finding a bipartisan solution for the hundreds of thousands who have Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rival—or DACA recipients—who are in limbo. We can simply put that bill on the floor today, the Dream Act, and I feel it would pass. We have the votes to do so, Mr. Speaker. Let’s simply have a vote. It is a purely manufactured crisis. I am happy to say we will be giving the opportunity for Members of this body to defeat the previous question and move to a vote on the Dream Act, shortly. My colleague, Mr. C
ORREA , has joined us to offer that motion in a few minutes. Many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle often say that the real deadline for a DACA solution isn’t until March, but, in reality, every day, already over 100 Deferred Action recipi-ents lose their protected status, are un-able to work with their situation unre-solved. For those DACA recipients, the dead-line isn’t March. The deadline has al-ready passed, hence, the urgency. Now is the time to pass the Dream Act, to allow these DACA recipients to con-tinue to live and work and serve in the only Nation that many of them have ever known their whole lives. All the while, congressional Repub-licans still refuse to work with Demo-crats on a long-term government fund-ing solution. Here we are less than 10 days from another government shut-down. The Federal Government con-tinues to move from quick spending patch to quick spending patch, costing taxpayers more in the long run by pre-venting our agencies from doing the planning necessary to improve effi-ciency. Today we are only 5 legislative days away—9 actual days—from a govern-ment shutdown and the huge negative repercussions that would follow. As a former businessowner, I know, first-hand, the value of long-term budgeting and stability. Millions of Americans know how to plan their family budget and their home budget. Why can’t Con-gress do it for the country? Instead of working on a long-term budget solution, the House is spending its time on other legislation. Here we have a bill that undermines workers’ rights and their protections under the National Labor Relations Act. In addition to this controversial bill, there are two attached pieces of legis-lation that were originally separate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.027 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH98 January 10, 2018 
bills that easily could have gone on the suspension calendar and would have largely been noncontroversial. They passed on unanimous consent in the Senate and in the House Natural Re-sources Committee, but their fate is put in jeopardy by putting them onto a controversial bill. The first bill amends the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010. To clarify, that is a separate economic develop-ment fund known as the WMAT settle-ment fund that can be accessed to cover potential cost overruns for this rural water project. The Interior Department has said it is unsure if the settlement fund could be used for additional costs, and so this clarifies that water-related economic development projects would specifi-cally include the planning, design, and construction of the rural water system. This legislation could have passed and, likely, could have become law but, in-stead, has been put into jeopardy by affixing it to a bill that is unlikely to go anywhere. The second uncontroversial bill that is wrapped up is regarding the author-ity of pueblos. It concerns two New Mexican pueblos and simply clarifies that they could lease their lands that are held in trust by the Federal Gov-ernment for 99 years. This legislation ensures Native Americans have the right to their lands that they deserve. It respects their sovereignty and na-tions in a noncontroversial way. I am fully supportive of these two technical and simple pieces of legisla-tion, but, unfortunately, because they are attached to a bill that isn’t going anywhere, are very unlikely to become law. These are the types of bills that could go straight to the suspension cal-endar and straight through the Senate and should be signed by the President, but, instead, they are being put in jeop-ardy by lumping them in with a bill that is unlikely to become law. There are so many of these types of Natural Resources Committee bills from both Democrats and Republicans that should be making their way for-ward as stand-alone items. I am glad, for instance, that one that I authored, my Bolt’s Ditch and the WEDGE Act—actually, two that I au-thored—were put forward and passed by this House and not attached to other controversial legislation. I am also reintroducing, soon, a bi-cameral bill that I also consider non-controversial, the Continental Divide Wilderness, Recreation and Camp Hale Legacy Act bill. It would preserve over 90,000 acres of wilderness and recre-ation lands in Summit and eastern Eagle Counties, and is endorsed by local businesses, commissioners, and towns across the area. It was crafted with input from dozens of stakeholder groups, including the Wilderness Society, Vail Resorts, the Outdoor Industry Association, the International Mountain Bicycling As-sociation, Conservation Colorado, and many municipalities and local busi-nesses. It will help sustain our rec-reational economy in Eagle and Sum-mit Counties, protect watersheds, and preserve important wildlife corridors and tourism opportunities. These are the kinds of bills that we should be moving forward from the Natural Resources Committee, not con-troversial bills that actually take away the rights of American citizens, includ-ing Native American citizens. And, while we are not today, we should never be moving forward on Natural Resources Committee bills that actually whittle away at the pub-lic lands we all own and the Antiq-uities Act by shrinking monuments like Bears Ears or making it easier to destroy lands we cherish and value. All I ask is that we separate out these two Natural Resources bills, send them to the suspension calendar, and not let them be put in jeopardy by affixing them to the fundamental un-derlying legislation which is controver-sial, namely, the Tribal labor bill. That is the bill that is the main controver-sial bill in this package. And, of course, I stand here as a sup-porter of the rights of every American to organize. I am a supporter of work-ers’ rights, and I am also a strong sup-porter of Tribal sovereignty, not only principles under American law, but the right thing to do. I, like many of my colleagues, place a great deal of importance in Tribal self-determination, autonomy, local control, and independent governance for our nations. In fact, I have been the champion of sovereignty, and I have long voted in favor of legislation that allows Tribal discretion in the judicial processes and in education. But, of course, the right to organize is an inalienable right of every Amer-ican, protecting our workers, including Native American workers, to fight for a safe working environment regardless of what entity owns the company they work for. Legislation balancing these two competing principles is possible. Reconciling these two priorities can be difficult, but I think that there is a way to do it. Instead, this bill drives a wedge between issues or groups that have a history of working strongly to-gether, such as Native Americans and labor unions. We can balance critical rights to sov-ereignty with the protections that are due to every American citizen regard-less of their race, ethnicity, cultural practices, membership in an Indian na-tion, or governing structures. This leg-islation does not find the right balance. It hurts workers of all stripes and col-ors, including many Native American workers. Workers have the right to collec-tively bargain; otherwise, workplaces become unsafe, sexual harassment can go unchecked, and the income gap con-tinues to widen. This legislation would strip Native Americans and non-Native Americans, many of whom work for Native American enterprises, of the right to collectively bargain. Without the right to self-governance, we would not have the strong commu-nities present across the country today. Without the right to collective bargaining, we would not have the strong and growing economy that sup-ports our middle class. This legislation simply does not succeed in balancing both of these values. I also want to point out that Presi-dent Trump agrees with me, or at least he did last time he commented on this 25 years ago. In 1993, at a hearing be-fore the House Committee on Natural Resources regarding the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, then private citizen Trump testified regarding the legal barriers facing labor unions at that time to organize workers employed at Tribal casinos. His testimony said, in part: ‘‘At present, even union workers in States like New Jersey would have no federally or State protected rights or the ability to organize in casinos on Tribal lands. The unions hope to do something about this. They hope to gain the right to recognition, the right to organize if they so choose. Quite frankly, I hope they have better luck than we have had so far.’’ Mr. Speaker, the last time the Presi-dent commented on this, it is clear that he also believed that workers on Tribal land should have the right to collectively bargain. I hope that his ad-ministration would not be supportive of this legislation if it were to move through Congress, which it is unlikely to do. Instead of policies that benefit those at the top, I have a number of ideas that I will be talking about later that we can move forward to empower work-ers and help make sure that the 21st century economy works for everyone. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my good friend from Colorado covered a lot of ground, so let me try to respond to some of that area because a lot of it doesn’t have a whole lot to do with the legislation until the final phase of his remarks. In terms of CHIP, we actually agree. I think that’s something—and, frankly, this House should be proud it passed a CHIP bill on a bipartisan basis months ago. Our real problem is the United States Senate simply hasn’t produced legislation. It doesn’t have to accept our legislation. It just needs to pass a CHIP bill so we can go to conference and bargain. I am pleased that both sides, frankly, have worked to make sure that, when we have done extensions of government spending as we work through some of these knotty issues, we continue to fund CHIP. I think the leadership on both sides of the aisle have been clear about that, and I think we will. But, again, it will be great when the Senate finally passes a bill or we make this part of a larger spending bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.028 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H99 January 10, 2018 
In terms of my friend’s points about the Dream Act, I am honestly heart-ened at the discussion that took place at the White House yesterday. I think there is a genuine desire to come to an agreement on DACA. But the real issue there is border security in addition to legal status. These folks, obviously, I think, de-serve legal status; but you also have to fix the problem, and the problem is on the border. So the outline of the deal is there if people approach it in good faith on both sides of the aisle. I take the fact that we had leadership in both parties meeting with the President yes-terday as a good sign in that regard. In terms of the budget, we probably have at least some areas of agreement. My friend didn’t vote for it, but it is worth noting, the House passed every single appropriations bill before the September 30 deadline. We have been waiting now for over 120 days for the United States Senate to just pass a sin-gle appropriations bill. We are in discussions with them now, and I think at some point, when there is an agreement as to what the top line number is—and I think we might not be too far away from that—then we will be able to proceed. But again, this House has done its work. Just as it did on CHIP, it produced legislation on time, and it is prepared to sit down and negotiate with the Senate whenever the Senate decides it can get around to getting its job done. In terms of the National Labor Rela-tions Act, the Tribal sovereignty por-tion of this bill, let me point out a cou-ple of things. My friend does have an excellent record, honestly, in terms of support on Native American issues. This is just an issue where we disagree. There will be Republicans and Democrats who op-pose this legislation. There will be Re-publicans and Democrats who support this legislation. It is not really purely a partisan question at all, but it is worth noting, the Indian community is united on this issue. The National Congress of Amer-ican Indians, over 150 Tribal organiza-tions and individual Tribes have come and asked the Congress to correct this oversight. The fact that this happened in the way it did, that is, the National Labor Relations Board acted on its own to ex-tend its jurisdiction, had no instruc-tions from Congress to do that, had no request from the administration to do that, they just decided they would do it all, that is my definition of a regu-latory body run amuck. For almost 70 years, the NLRB recog-nized that it did not have jurisdiction in this area and did not try and do it. This is a very new thing. It aroused op-position in Indian Country imme-diately. Again, we don’t apply these stand-ards to any State government or any local government. We have lots of State governments and lots of local governments involved in activities that are not strictly governmental. They run municipal golf courses. They do water parks. None of these things are necessarily inherently government. They are not forced to comply with this. So we should extend to Tribal government, which we historically have done, the exact same status and rights in this regard as we do to State and local governments. We would all be pretty upset if the Federal Government decided it would interject itself in this way into the af-fairs of any individual State or any of the individual localities that we rep-resent. b1415 Working for a public entity is dif-ferent. You certainly have rights, but there are restrictions. You have cer-tain rights, like the right to strike, that in most States and most localities do not exist. Tribes should have the same right to make those sorts of deci-sions for themselves. Again, they re-sent and have resented historically the violation of their sovereignty. In this case, a regulatory agency without the authority of this body and without the authority of the administration that existed at that time acted on its own. What the Indian nations and Indian Country have come and asked is: Re-store us the sovereignty that you his-torically accorded us. That is all this legislation does. The last point, my friend says this is unlikely to become law. I beg to dis-agree. Not only did this pass the House on a bipartisan vote in the last Con-gress, but this Congress it has been re-ported out of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs on a bipartisan vote. There is every reason to believe this. We will see what the administration does. But I suspect views change over 25 years, and I would hope the adminis-tration is supportive of this. As a mat-ter of fact, as I recall, I think they issued a statement to that effect. So, regardless, let’s do our job. Let’s continue to do the job we did in the last Congress when, on a bipartisan basis, Republicans and Democrats alike decided Tribal sovereignty was an im-portant issue. We should work together to defend it and to expand it. In this case, we are working to reclaim some-thing that a Federal agency took away, acting on its own, over a decade ago. So the solution to this is long overdue. Mr. Speaker, I would certainly urge my friends to support the rule and, more importantly, the underlying leg-islation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule—not just any amend-ment, but an amendment to bring up the bipartisan, bicameral bill, H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. It is far past time that we consider this urgent piece of legislation, the lack of which is tearing apart the lives of over 100 aspiring Americans every day who are unable to do what you and I take for granted, Mr. Speaker, which is simply go to work the next day. Every day that we fail to act, approxi-mately 122 DREAMers lose their legal ability to work. Mr. Speaker, even Republicans have called for a vote on this critical issue. At the end of last year, 34 Republican colleagues sent a letter to Speaker R
YAN urging a vote before the year’s end, a vote that never happened, a vote my colleague, Mr. C
ORREA , is giving us a chance to take now. How much longer will this body be complicit in the Trump administra-tion’s assault on DREAMers? It is time we listen to the vast major-ity of Americans and the majority of this body and act to protect coura-geous, aspiring Americans like the group from Colorado I met with yester-day. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ORREA ) to discuss our pro-posal. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, recently, my daughter came home from high school accompanied by two of her good friends. These young ladies are about 16 years of age. They wanted to sit down and talk to me a little bit, so we sat down and we spoke. After a while, I learned these young ladies were very nervous and very scared. They were DREAMers. They had a basic question for me, which was: What can we do? What can you do for us? Very, very tough questions. After a moment I answered them: Continue to study hard. Continue to follow the law. Be good students and don’t give up hope. At the same time I told them: Don’t worry about Washington, D.C. I am going to Washington to fight for you. That is what we are doing here today, myself and my colleagues, fighting for DREAMers, fighting to make sure that they have a shot at the American Dream. Now, I am happy to say today that DREAMers enjoy support of not only Democrats, but Republicans as well on this floor. Why? Because all of us know who DREAM-ers are. DREAMers are hardworking in-dividuals. They serve in our military. They are soldiers, police officers, fire-fighters, nurses, teachers, and, of course, they are also our neighbors. DREAMers also are very good immi-grants. They pay their taxes and follow the law. Do you know what? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.030 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH100 January 10, 2018 
They provide value to our country. Recently, I also had the opportunity to visit my son’s high school, the Air Force Naval ROTC program. I went to be part of what is called a pass in re-view. Some very nice, honorable young cadets passing in review, all saluting the flag of the United States, all tak-ing the Pledge of Allegiance to our country and to our flag. Do you know something? A lot of those cadets were DREAM-ers. Mr. Speaker, today we have the chance to do what is right. We have a chance to do our job. Let the Dreamer legislation come before us for a vote and let’s give the DREAMers the op-portunity to earn the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, let’s not live with re-grets. Let’s not look back 5, 10, 15 years from now and say what we could have, should have, would have. Now is the time to act. Now is the time to vote for our DREAMers. I ask my colleagues to please vote against the previous question so that we can immediately bring up the Dream Act to vote for justice and eq-uity. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Again, Mr. Speaker, I certainly re-spect my friend’s right to bring up a subject that they think is important and is important, and it is appropriate that they use their time to do that. I would remind them that there is a negotiation underway. I think the issue here is less about DACA probably and more about border security. The issues are naturally paired together. These young people came here through no fault of their own. They are not re-sponsible for any sort of criminal act. But they were transported across a very porous border. So to ensure that we are not here again doing the same thing again, strengthening that border at the same time that we provide legal status seems the appropriate thing to do. I suspect neither is achievable without the other linked together. So I take it that the two sides are ne-gotiating. I am not involved in those negotiations. I am not a member of the relevant committees, but I think the two sides are involved in that negotia-tion. My hope is that they come to an agreement and that we can have a large, bipartisan victory and a piece of legislation that we are all proud of. But I suspect it is going to take some give-and-take on each side to achieve that. I do want to go back, though, to the principal underlying legislation here and ask my friends—many of whom, by the way, will support this legislation. There will be considerable Democratic support for this. But I would hope— and, again, I understand this is an issue of competing goods, but sovereignty is not something we should grant to States and localities and deny Indian Tribes. We should not have a double standard here. If we need to make changes across the entire Labor Relations Act, fair enough. I guess we should consider that. But we should not single out Tribes and make them subject to capri-cious, arbitrary, bureaucratic activity deciding on what their legal status is, what their rights are, and interfere with their ability to operate their own businesses, which are absolutely indis-pensable to supporting their govern-mental activities. We do not give Tribes the power to tax. They can’t tax their own land. They can’t tax their own citizens. If they are not successful economically, they have to rely on the limited re-sources given by the Federal Govern-ment to do everything from protecting their citizens to providing healthcare for their citizens and to making sure that there is appropriate education for their citizens. They ought to be able to do what other governments do and earn money and run their own affairs. We allow States to do that. We allow localities to do that. For almost 70 years, we allowed Indian Tribes to do that. Then we took it away from them. They are not even asking for some-thing new. They are just asking for something that was taken from them, in terms of their authority and sov-ereignty, to be restored to them. Mr. Speaker, again, I go back to urg-ing the passage of the underlying legis-lation. I hope that we continue to work on these other issues that my friends have brought up. We are working on them in areas like CHIP, like the DACA question, and like the border se-curity question. But let’s also take our time and pass this very important piece of legislation and restore to Indian Tribes what the National Labor Relations Board took away from them over a decade ago. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to address some of the things that my colleague, Mr. C
OLE, said. The big difference here be-tween Tribal-owned and -run busi-nesses and State and local govern-ments is that State and local govern-ments are not generally in the business of owning/operating companies. With very few exceptions, we don’t have a socialist form of government in this country where cities or States are ac-tually operating businesses in competi-tion with the private sector. Tribes, in addition to their Tribal workers, which are more analogous to State or local workers—and it is an ap-propriate discussion—also happen to own businesses, which is fine, and they produce revenue for the Tribes, which is great. However, they should play by the same economic rules as other busi-nesses, which in no way impede busi-nesses from succeeding in our country. Of course, many of these Tribal- owned businesses are the main source of support and income for Tribes. If our labor laws work for any other business, they should also work for them. American citizens, including Native American citizens of our country, don’t lose their rights as workers because of the ownership of the organization and company that they happen to be em-ployed by. That is a key tenet that needs to be balanced with, of course, Tribal sovereignty, which I am a strong supporter of. If the discussion were simply about Tribal employees, it would be a dif-ferent discussion. To be clear, it is about businesses that are owned by Tribes, and we simply don’t have an analogy on the State and local side with very few exceptions. I am sure there is one somewhere. But, in gen-eral, municipalities and counties are not the owners of operating businesses that compete in the private sector. Now, I want to talk about what is possible with regard to enhancing the rights of workers and labor. Instead of these kinds of policies that take away the rights of workers, including Native American workers, we should be mov-ing forward on policies that put work-ers first. My bill, the Giving Workers a Fair Shot Act, would do that. The bill would provide reasonable solutions to address the growing inequality in the United States by helping workers and ensuring that companies follow the law, empha-sizing the need for corporate account-ability. It would remove unfair obstacles to forming a union, enhance transparency from employers, and increase penalties for violating our labor laws, which are strong but often not enforced. First, all too often, employers fre-quently drag their feet on a newly formed union’s first contract for months, sometimes for years, often with the goal of avoiding an agree-ment. Sometimes that means a newly certified union that the voters have voted in fails to receive a first con-tract. My bill would set up a first-contract arbitration system where the union or the employer has the option of seeking mediation if they feel one party is not responding adequately to a negotiation request. It would also ensure that no taxpayer funds are used for union busting or per-suaders, activities like planning and implementing activities that deter em-ployees from joining or forming a union. Again, it simply makes sure that no taxpayer funds are used for that explicit purpose. Third, the bill updates the National Labor Relations Act’s definition of ‘‘supervisor.’’ Too often, workers are reclassified as supervisors for effec-tively gerrymandering bargaining units. This updated definition helps prevent that sort of manipulation and would make it easier for employees to be able to form a union if they so choose. Fourth, the bill reaffirms the impor-tance for the government to protect workers from having their rights vio-lated by increasing criminal and civil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.031 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H101 January 10, 2018 
penalties for individuals and executives who violate critical labor laws. Injured workers and worker deaths should never be simply a cost of doing business. These robust protections help make sure that this is truly a criminal issue for the few bad actors that exist on the employer side. Finally, the legislation empowers shareholders and creates new account-ability for CEOs and executives by pre-venting the CEO and chairman at a publicly traded company from being the same person. We would all love to work for ourselves, but that is not in the long-term economic interest of the shareholders, the customers, or the workers. The bill also expands insider trading restrictions for executives to 1 year after they leave a company. In my district and across Colorado, people are clamoring for proactive poli-cies that actually help address the in-come gap and put the needs of middle class families and workers first. Poli-cies like the Giving Workers a Fair Shot Act would do that. Now, this legislation that we are see-ing here today is not the only con-troversial legislation we are seeing this week. Unfortunately, the next rule up will be one that takes away our con-stitutional rights as Americans. The FISA reauthorization legislation has been described as a compromise, but that is not the case. b1430 This legislation is not the necessary FISA reform bill that many in Con-gress, including myself, have called for, which is why I and so many of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle are opposed to it in its form and support the Amash-Polis amendment, cospon-sored by many others. It is also why the current FISA reau-thorization bill is opposed not only by privacy and civil liberties groups and consumers but also technology compa-nies and job creators across the polit-ical spectrum. Businesses are, right-fully, afraid that, if this bill passes, it will make it even harder for American companies to engage in international commerce. Many countries in Europe, for exam-ple, will simply refuse to do business with a technology company that is housed in the U.S. because they are afraid of what will happen to their citi-zens’ data, perhaps even in contraven-tion of their own stronger privacy laws. This bill does not make any steps in the direction of reform that are nec-essary. It falls short on several grounds. In fact, in some ways, it makes the FISA program worse by codifying the ‘‘abouts’’ collections term that refers to the NSA searching through the internet traffic to collect not only communications to or from an intelligence target but also those that simply mention an identifier used by a target, even though that has been de-clared unconstitutional twice. It could be the name of a city or State or even a country that can be used as an iden-tifier; in theory, subjecting close to 100 percent of tax and emails and internet traffic to warrantless searches. This bill fails to consider the core concern that I have and that many Members on both sides of the aisle share; namely, the government’s use of section 702 information against Amer-ican citizens in investigations that have nothing to do with national secu-rity and does not require a warrant or the due process of our Constitution. Instead, the bill codifies the ability of the government to access the con-tent of our emails and telephone calls without a warrant. It creates an un-precedented and unworkable ‘‘op-tional’’ warrant, which is merely win-dow dressing but does nothing to ad-dress the legitimate concerns. These massive flaws could have been addressed, had we proceeded under reg-ular order, but this version was re-ported only from the Intelligence Com-mittee and bypassed the Judiciary Committee, which was cut out of nego-tiations when they agreed to go along with the Intelligence Committee rail-roading their committee. That is why I signed a bipartisan letter with dozens of our Members demanding FISA be handled under regular order. I am proud to have offered the amendment that will be considered later with Representatives L
OFGREN  and A
MASH and others that would pro-vide a better path to keep American citizens safe and protect our privacy and ensure that American companies can remain competitive abroad. It will protect our constitutional rights and keep us safe. My amendment, which is based off the USA RIGHTS Act, ends backdoor searches, ends reverse targeting, bans ‘‘abouts’’ collections, and strengthens FISA court oversight and trans-parency. I think these are all common-sense and necessary changes that Americans have been demanding for years. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my col-leagues to oppose the FISA reauthor-ization and support the Amash-Lofgren amendment when they are brought forth shortly. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume to re-spond to a couple of my friend’s points. Let me begin by disagreeing respect-fully with my friend’s assertion that people are having their rights stripped away. The only people losing their rights here are Indian Tribes. That is what happened when the NLRB did what it did. Without the direction of Congress or the administration, it decided on its own it would treat Indian Tribal gov-ernments different than it treated other governments. So it is those rights to the Tribal governments that we are busy trying to restore. My friend, who, again, is very good on Indian issues, as a rule, and I under-stand the competing claims here. So I recognize the tension that is involved in that. But it is not as if Tribal gov-ernments don’t have their own labor codes and their own standards. Frank-ly, those have to comply with Amer-ican law. Under the Indian Civil Rights Act of 1965, there is absolutely nothing that a Tribal government can do that would contravene the guaranteed rights in the United States Constitution for all Americans. So to suggest that they are somehow violating the rights of American work-ers, I think, is to mischaracterize who they are and how they have acted. What they have said is, if we are sov-ereign, if the Federal Government says that State governments and local gov-ernments are allowed to regulate their own workforces, then Tribal govern-ments are allowed to do the same. I want to disagree also with my friend. There are lots of municipal golf courses in the United States. There are lots of municipal water slides. There are park systems. You can go to the State of Virginia and it happens to own the liquor business in the State. It has decided it is going to make that a State function. We don’t regulate those employees. So the idea that just because it is a money-making activity, that we then somehow treat it differently, we don’t do that to any locality or any State in the country. We just had an unelected Federal agency decide on its own it was going to do that to Indian Tribes. It is not doing it to anybody else, just to Tribes. I would submit that that is fundamen-tally unfair. Again, nobody’s rights are taken away. Every American citizen has exactly the same right. But if you were to go to work for the Federal Government, you don’t have precisely the same rights you do in the private sector. The same thing is true here. If you choose to go to work for a Tribal government, you live within that regime. That regime has to com-port with the Constitution and the laws of the United States, and you have not lost your action rights in Fed-eral court if you think there is a viola-tion. So I think, frankly, this is a case that is crystal clear. You treat every-body the same way, every govern-mental unit the same way. That is all the Tribes are asking for. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), a distinguished member of both the Rules Committee and the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his work as the chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee that deals with funding public health as well as medical research. I heard some comments about exten-sion of the funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program at the be-ginning of the debate, and I wanted to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.033 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH102 January 10, 2018 
come to the floor and remind people that the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee did do its work as far as con-tinuing the funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. It com-pleted its work. We delayed a little bit at the request of committee Demo-crats, we delayed a little bit at the re-quest of the ranking member of the full committee, but we did deliver a prod-uct the first part of October. That product passed the floor of this House late October, early November. It passed with, of course, almost every Republican vote and over two dozen Democratic votes. It was, indeed, a bi-partisan effort. It funded the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program for 5 years, which was the Democratic request; the funding levels were requested by the Demo-crats; and it was offset in a responsible way. That bill is pending over in the United States Senate, and I, frankly, do not understand why the Senate mi-nority leader will not release that bill for a vote by his Senators because it is, after all, Democratic Senators who rep-resent States around this country that are going to suffer as a consequence of not passing this bill. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I also want to address something my friend, Mr. C
OLE, said. Again, I am sure you can find a few instances in municipal and State gov-ernment, but I am sure the gentleman would agree that, relative to size, they are very few and far between. Even most municipal golf courses are run by private operators under contract to municipalities. I am sure the gen-tleman can find a couple that aren’t. I have interacted with businesses in my district that are owned by Tribal nations, and I worked with them. There are a number of provisions in law that help them. I support those. But I do believe that workers don’t give up their rights simply because they work for a company that happens to be owned by a Tribal nation, as op-posed to an American or even a Native American citizen of our country who, in their personal capacity, is the owner of a company and would not have the same ability to deprive workers of their rights as a company that was owned by his or her Tribe. So, again, we want to make sure we support Tribal autonomy. And I do. Perhaps there is a bill to be had here, but it is simply not this bill. I want to share a story of one of my constituents from Fort Collins, Colo-rado, that I think will bring this back to what our body should be doing. I understand there are arguments on both sides of this. I understand there are people on both sides of the aisle who have concerns and also who sup-port this bill. But it is not the urgency that we face with regard to deferred ac-tion or child health insurance. In July of 2017, Carla and her husband from Fort Collins found out they were expecting another child. Both Carla and her husband work full time. Carla works at a local childcare center. Her husband works at a local retail store. Even with their two full-time in-comes, like many Americans, they felt the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram was the only medical coverage for them, and Carla enrolled in CHIP. Carla is due to deliver her baby in March of this year, but she worries that, when the baby comes, she won’t have medical coverage anymore. Unfor-tunately, Carla is right to worry. Right now, Colorado is expected to run out of CHIP funding at the end of February, just a few weeks before Carla is due. That is why this issue is so urgent, Mr. Speaker. For the tens of thousands of children and pregnant women, like Carla, we can’t wait another minute to provide a permanent extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program. But instead of finding a bipartisan fix for the Children’s Health Insurance Program or for deferred action or to keep the government open, instead, here we have yet another bill that peo-ple will have different opinions on, and I feel that it undermines workers’ rights and is not supportive in the way that I would be of the rights of our na-tions. It is, unfortunately, another ex-ample of misguided priorities. We have precious little time—I be-lieve 4 days—until the funding of the government expires. We should have acted on the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program last year. We should have acted on deferred action last year. We need to act now. Mr. Speaker, for that reason, I op-pose the underlying bill, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, and I want to stress that, while we disagree on this, I appreciate his efforts in Na-tive American issues. He has a record that, I think, is an excellent record overall. We just disagree very pro-foundly in this case. I will say this: if you happened to just casually turn on the coverage of the debate at any point, you might wonder what we were debating about. In the course of the debate, we have talked about CHIP, we have talked about the DREAMers, we have talked about the budget, we have talked about FISA. We have spent a lot of time talk-ing about a lot of different things other than the information at hand. I don’t begrudge my friend. He feels very pas-sionately about those areas. It is interesting to me that, on the FISA issue, for instance, we will actu-ally have a debate tomorrow. The amendment my friend supports will be in order tomorrow. We will have an op-portunity to do that. I think there are good faith efforts underway on both sides on the DACA issue and on the issue of FISA, particu-larly on the issue of the budget as well. Again, I wish this place worked a little differently. Sometimes deadlines are like alarm clocks here, but those things are underway. What we are talking about today is also an effort that has been waged by Indian nations for over a dozen years to try and reclaim part of their sov-ereignty that was unjustly taken away from them. I am going to disagree with my friend very profoundly. Nobody’s rights have been taken away. Every American’s rights are guaranteed by the Constitu-tion of the United States. The Indian Civil Rights Act of 1965 makes it abun-dantly clear no Tribe can do anything in contravention and restrict the rights of Americans. The only people who have lost rights in this whole discussion and episode have been Tribal governments who had their right to regulate their labor af-fairs, the same way we allow States and localities to do it, taken away from them. It wasn’t taken away from them by an act of this Congress. We never passed legislation. It wasn’t taken away from this because the administra-tion ordered some agency of the execu-tive branch to do something. It was taken away because, acting in a rogue manner, the National Labor Relations Board, on its own, decided it would ex-pand its legal authority. Well, that is great. They may have a case to make. But that is not what they are supposed to do. They are sup-posed to operate within the authority Congress gives them. If they think they need a grant of additional author-ity, they come to Congress and ask for that grant of additional authority. They don’t simply, on their own, decide they will willy-nilly violate the rights of a sovereign Native American nation. That is exactly what happened in this case. Frankly, the Tribes have been ex-traordinarily patient in pursuing the remedy to this. I think we ought to, today, take the opportunity to rectify a wrong that an agency of the executive branch did without the consent of Congress or even without the consent of the Presi-dent of the United States at the time and allow Tribes to reclaim the author-ity that they exercised for over 70 years. If we think we need to do something different in that regard, that is a fair point to make. If we do, it needs to be the same for State governments and local governments. You don’t single Tribes out of sovereign entities and im-pose something on them that doesn’t apply to everybody else that is a sov-ereign of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I encourage all Members to support the rule, but I recognize my friends probably will not, and that is fair enough. That is normal partisan debate. But with S. 140, the House is taking steps to strengthen Tribal sovereignty. This body actually has a pretty good record. I worked with my friends across the aisle when we passed the Violence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.035 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H103 January 10, 2018 
Against Women Act, which had a very important component giving Tribes back some of the jurisdiction that they needed to regulate domestic abuse and sexual assault on their own territory. b1445 My friends were overwhelmingly sup-portive and helpful in that measure. It would not have happened without them, so I know in many cases we do agree. But in this case, under this bill, Tribal governments will be able to be excluded from the requirements for employers under the NLRA, just like State and local governments. This legislation will reverse the bu-reaucratic overreach of the NLRB and clarify the law once and for all. This bill is a commonsense solution that will clarify the original intent of Con-gress that the NLRA does not have ju-risdiction over Tribal governments. I applaud my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for this work. We will actu-ally have a split decision over this. There will certainly be some Repub-licans supporting my friend’s position, but by and large, I think this House will do what it did the last time it con-sidered this legislation, and that is, on a bipartisan basis, pass the law. This time, given the action of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee, we have every reason to believe the legis-lation will be picked up and sent to the President’s desk, where I am confident it will be signed. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 681 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution ....  [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 139, RAPID DNA ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 682 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 682 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (S. 139) to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the in-nocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-53 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate, with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and 20 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary; (2) the further amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, if of-fered by the Member designated in the re-port, which shall be in order without inter-vention of any point of order, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question; and (3) one motion to commit with or without instruc-tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
AS-
TINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on House Resolution 682, currently under consid-eration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.036 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH104 January 10, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of S. 139, the FISA Amendments Reau-thorization Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of de-bate, with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and 20 minutes equally divided and con-trolled by the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. The rule also provides for a motion to recommit. Additionally, the rule makes in order an amendment offered by Mr. A
MASH , representing ideas from Members of both sides of the aisle. Yesterday, the Rules Committee re-ceived testimony from numerous mem-bers, including Intelligence Committee Chairman N
UNES and Ranking Member S
CHIFF . We also heard from Judiciary Committee Ranking Member N
ADLER , Congressman F
ARENTHOLD , Congress-man A
MASH , Congresswoman L OFGREN , and also Congressman P
OE. In addition to the vigorous debate on this legislation before the Rules Com-mittee, both the Judiciary Committee and Intelligence Committee held mark-ups on legislation to reauthorize sec-tion 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Today we have the opportunity to pass an important piece of legislation that will enhance our national security and strengthen protections of Ameri-cans’ privacy. Mr. Speaker, I publicly thank Chair-man G
OODLATTE and Chairman N UNES  for their important work on this legis-lation. As a result of their efforts, the legislation we will consider today will protect the privacy rights of individual Americans without hindering the intel-ligence community’s ability to gain valuable intelligence about the schemes and identities of our enemies. Our government’s most fundamental responsibilities are to defend the American people from harm and to pro-tect their liberties. The value that we place on these duties is reflected by the fact that they are enshrined in the pre-amble to the Constitution. To provide for our common defense, the dedicated men and women of the intelligence community work tire-lessly to defeat the efforts of our for-eign adversaries, whether they are ter-rorists, hostile foreign states, or nu-clear proliferators. Our Constitution tasks each branch of government—legislative, executive, and judicial—with constantly working to protect the liberty of every Amer-ican. With the bill provided for by this rule, the Chamber will be considering legislation that will help us better achieve both. The FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act will extend the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, Title VII for 6 years while in-creasing oversight of its implementa-tion at every level and providing more robust privacy protections for Ameri-cans. Section 702 of FISA has proven to be an invaluable tool for collecting for-eign intelligence and providing insight into the plans and intentions of our en-emies. It is one of the National Secu-rity Administration’s most important operational authorities. It permits the government to con-duct targeted surveillance of foreign persons located outside the United States, with the compelled assistance of electronic communication service providers, to acquire foreign intel-ligence information. Mr. Speaker, this program’s impor-tance to national security cannot be overstated. While many of the exam-ples of its successes are classified in nature, I can tell you here today that it has helped protect the homeland and the American people. One declassified example that I can share with Members concerns the story of Hajji Iman, who rose through the ranks of ISIS, eventually becoming the terrorist organization’s second in com-mand. For more than 2 years, the intel-ligence community searched for Iman. During that period, the NSA used their section 702 programs to target his com-munications and his close associates. Their resourcefulness, together with these 702 resources, eventually led them to him. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman was a terrorist. He was a murderer. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Iman was killed by U.S. special forces on March 24, 2016, during an attempt to apprehend him. We may not see every victory that the 702 program delivers on behalf of innocent Americans, but these initia-tives help protect Americans every day. Let us pause to note, however, that with the broad authority granted by a program like 702 to collect foreign in-telligence information to fight our for-eign enemies, it must come with expan-sive safeguards against abuse of that authority and expansive oversight of its use. To ensure that the authorities under section 702 do not come into conflict with the liberty and privacy interests of the American people, the FISA Amendments Act expands substan-tially on the already extensive safe-guard. Mr. Speaker, as I have said, each branch of government is responsible for protecting the liberties of the Amer-ican people. In the executive branch, there are extensive internal controls that require agency heads and the At-torney General to review and approve of actions under 702. Additionally, the inspector general for the intelligence community and the Department of Jus-tice are tasked with comprehensive re-view of this program’s implementation. Mandatory internal procedures known as targeting and minimization procedures also govern the collection, use, and dissemination of information, and they are in place at each agency that uses FISA section 702. The FISA Amendments Reauthoriza-tion Act expands upon the internal pro-tections by requiring each agency to also adopt querying procedures to con-trol how each agency searches its data-base for 702-acquired communications. This brings me to the judicial branch. Under current law, the tar-geting and minimization procedures must be approved annually by the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court, of FISC, which is made up of a rotating group of Article III judges. The FISC, with the aid of amicus cu-riae briefs and technical experts, en-gages in exhaustive review and consid-eration of section 702’s implementation for compliance with the Constitution and the law. This legislation will enhance the FISC’s considerations of privacy issues by providing the FISC with the author-ity to compensate amicus briefs and technical experts. Finally, there is Congress, where we come to. The Committee on the Judici-ary and the Committee on Intelligence have conducted multiple oversight hearings and meetings in both classi-fied and unclassified settings. Numer-ous insights came from those hearings, and the legislation that will be consid-ered under today’s rule reflects them well. The bill makes a number of im-provements that will enhance the con-gressional oversight in coming years. But, Mr. Speaker, it is time to re-member one more group that remains critical to protecting Americans’ lib-erties: American men and women themselves. This legislation will improve trans-parency and public oversight of FISA section 702 by requiring the Director of National Intelligence and the Attorney General to conduct a declassification review and publicly release the FISA section 702 minimization procedures every year. Mr. Speaker, the most important re-form contained in this legislation con-stitutes the most substantial reform to the program since its inception. Under this legislation, the FBI will be required, when conducting a crimi-nal investigation of a U.S. person, to obtain a warrant from the FISC prior to accessing the content of the commu-nications that were acquired using 702. Section 702 information is collected for the purpose of foreign intelligence operations, and this critical new re-quirement forecloses the possibility that FBI agents investigating Ameri-cans for traditional crimes would be able to use 702 information in such do-mestic investigations. In addition to the numerous safe-guards currently in place and added by this legislation, Americans are guaran-teed their right of privacy by the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.040 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H105 January 10, 2018 
I took an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution, and the oath guides every action I take in this Chamber. The FISA Amendments Reauthoriza-tion Act ensures that the Fourth Amendment rights of Americans are upheld and includes additional safe-guards on top of constitutionally guar-anteed rights. Mr. Speaker, we have reviewed the importance of the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act in stopping ter-rorist attacks and protecting the American people, but this point bears repeating: this program allows the gov-ernment to obtain the communication of foreigners outside the United States, including foreign terrorist threats, in support of the counterterrorism efforts worldwide. It has allowed us to respond to threats to our country. Now let me tell you a little bit about what the 702 program is not. It is not a bulk collection of data. It cannot be used to target Americans and it cannot be used to target individuals located inside the United States. Mr. Speaker, the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act is an example of what Congress can accomplish when we work together to find solutions to our Nation’s weightiest challenges. Mr. Speaker, before I close my open-ing, I also will acknowledge that there is a lot of difference of opinion, as there should be, on this bill. But at the end of the day, progress has been made, protections have been implemented, and the security of our country must be taken into account. That is why this bill needs to pass and any amendments that were brought forward need to fail. We need to push this forward and begin the process in continuing to pro-tect our private citizens’ personal re-sponsibilities and liberties, but also, at the same time, making sure that our intelligence communities and those en-trusted with the sacred duty of pro-tecting this country have the tools they need to do that. Anything else would be less than what we should be here. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ), my friend, for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes for debate. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today with the rest of my Democratic colleagues in utter amazement at the dizzying dysfunction exhibited by our friends across the aisle. For reasons beyond understanding, we have to vote on the reauthorization of section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act because late last year the Republican leadership chose to prioritize massive tax cuts for their wealthy donors over the safety of American citizens. b1500 Like so many other important issues, House Republicans decided to punt on the reauthorization of 702 by simply ex-tending it to January 19 of this year, coincidentally, the same date the gov-ernment will possibly shut down. Mr. Speaker, as a former judge and the former vice chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, I do occupy a unique vantage point in the ongoing debate between the need to steadfastly protect the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution while also ensuring that those in the intelligence community have the tools they need to keep our country safe from those who wish to do us grave harm. Putting the finer points on this de-bate aside for a moment, I can tell you with complete certainty that such a debate deserves to be lengthy and thor-ough, neither of which have happened here. I was concerned to learn, if not a bit dismayed, that the House Intelligence subcommittee which has oversight ju-risdiction of the National Security Agency did not hold a single hearing on today’s bill. In fact, the full committee did not even hold a single hearing on this important piece of legislation. Think about that. As the Repub-licans approached the need to discuss the reauthorization of one of the more important tools to fight terrorism that, simultaneously, brings along le-gitimate and important Fourth Amendment concerns, the majority, in all their wisdom, thought it prudent to hold exactly zero hearings on such an important matter. That is a brazenly inept way to govern. To add insult to injury, I am told that members of the committee were given about 36 hours to read the bill be-fore having to vote it out of com-mittee. A side note here: the bill they were given 36 hours to review is not actually the bill we have before us today be-cause the majority had to use a Rules Committee print to fix some of the most troublesome parts of the original bill in order to obtain my friend Rank-ing Member ADAM SCHIFF ’s support. Mr. Speaker, without a doubt, that support did not come easily, and im-portant changes were made to the bill as it was presented to the committee in its original form. For example, Mr. S
CHIFF was able to ensure the Republicans’ unmasking language was removed from today’s bill. The removal of such language en-sures that one of the Republicans’ most heinous political stunts is not codified into law. This was and is a significant improvement. Moreover, the Republicans removed the controversial expansion of the defi-nition of ‘‘agent of foreign power,’’ which concerned privacy and tech-nology groups. Today’s bill also addresses what is known as ‘‘abouts’’ collection. This is the collection of communications that are not to or from a target but, rather, communications that merely reference the target. The NSA, itself, shut down this collection method earlier this year. The legislation before us today will allow such collection to resume, but only if the NSA first devises a way of doing so that addresses privacy con-cerns, obtains permission from the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court, and Congress does not object after a 30- day review period. Now, this may seem to be a better option than what I am sure many, if not most, Republicans wanted, which is the full-scale reimplementation of ‘‘abouts’’ collection, but considering how much difficulty the majority has in simply keeping the lights on around this place, I think it is fair to question their ability to provide meaningful oversight in just 30 days. Again, this is simply evidence for the need to return back to regular order under which bills are fully and fairly considered. Regardless of where one comes down on this issue, I can assure you that there are Members on both sides of the aisle that are sick and tired of being shut out of important policy discus-sions concerning subjects like those be-fore us today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ), a fellow member of the Judiciary Com-mittee and former chair of that com-mittee. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in opposition to S. 139, which is the FISA Amendments Reau-thorization Act. I have stood on this floor debating the PATRIOT Act after 9/11. I fought for reforms in 2015 with the USA Free-dom Act. And now here we are debating the latest need to balance privacy and security. Since Congress last reauthorized sec-tion 702, we have learned a great deal about the operation of this program. These revelations have highlighted the risks that it poses to privacy and civil liberties. This program needs to be re-formed, but, Mr. Speaker, this is not the bill to do it. Rather than provide meaningful re-forms, the FISA Amendments Reau-thorization Act would reauthorize sec-tion 702. However, as we are all well aware, the program routinely sweeps up millions of innocent Americans’ emails. The warrant requirement in this bill applies to only fully predicated, official investigations and not to the hundreds of thousands of searches the FBI runs every day just to run down a lead or check out a tip. The loopholes are too great to ensure proper protections. In this morning’s Washington Post, on page A4, an article says, in part, FBI officials told aides of the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), last week ‘‘that under the proposed bill, they anticipate rarely, if ever, needing permission from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to re-view query results, according to one of the aides.’’ And this was not denied by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.041 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH106 January 10, 2018 
the ranking member of the Intelligence Committee, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
CHIFF ). We are going to hear an awful lot about warrants on the floor and how this fixes the problem, but here the FBI has said in no uncertain terms to one of our congressional aides that they are never going to have to use this warrant requirement, which was drafted by the Justice Department that has opposed warrants all along. If ever we have seen the fox not only watching the henhouse but inside the henhouse, this is it. It isn’t even a fig leaf being small or otherwise. It is simply a way to divert the attention of this Congress away from what is really going on. Furthermore, the bill would provide a path for the NSA to restart the prac-tice of ‘‘abouts’’ collection, which has been described by the ranking member. The proposal grants some committees 30 days to review any effort to turn ‘‘abouts’’ collection back on, giving Congress little or no say on this mat-ter. We all know that we can’t do any-thing in 30 days around here, and yet the bill restricts us from doing that. Finding a bipartisan and balanced so-lution is very possible. I know because I have done it twice with the PATRIOT Act and the Freedom Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. The House Judiciary Committee passed the USA Liberty Act with bipartisan votes. This bill fails to do these necessary reforms. The program should be reauthorized if done in the right way. This bill is the wrong way. It is time for Congress to put the F for ‘‘foreign’’ back into FISA. There is no F for ‘‘foreign’’ in this bill. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ), my friend from the Judiciary Sub-committee on Immigration and Border Security. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I agree with Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER for the rea-sons he has outlined that this bill should not become law. However, I am also speaking in favor of the Amash amendment that has been put in order that would fix the problems that he has so eloquently outlined. Before 702 was enacted into law, the NSA and the FBI would need to get a probable cause warrant to collect this information. We made a major change that allows this information to be col-lected when a foreigner is commu-nicating with an American, and when you go to the ‘‘abouts’’ collection, which the underlying bill would codify, even when that doesn’t occur, when there is merely discussion of a for-eigner. That is not what I think our Constitution requires. And we did not outsource to the judicial branch or the executive branch the decision on what the Constitution requires us to do. Now, we have learned that there is a vast amount of information being col-lected—we can’t go into the details of that in an open session, just that we have been told by Admiral Rogers the scope of this—and that the database that is so-called incidentally collected because of the architecture of the internet could be searched for Ameri-cans without a warrant is not con-sistent with the protections outlined in the Fourth Amendment to the Con-stitution. The Amash amendment, which is ba-sically the USA RIGHTS Act, ends these backdoor searches by requiring a warrant. It ends reverse targeting. It bans the ‘‘abouts’’ collection and pro-hibits the collection of domestic com-munications, prevents the misuse of in-formation on Americans, and is some-thing that we should support. Now, in a letter to the Senate in Oc-tober, a coalition of groups said this: The USA RIGHTS Act, which is essentially the Amash amendment, is markedly superior to all current legislative proposals to reau-thorize section 702. 
Who said that? The American Civil Liberties Union and FreedomWorks, the NAACP, but also the Project On Government Over-sight, and Color of Change. This is a broad, left-right coalition that has come together, even though there are many things we disagree on, because we agree on one thing: When we took an oath to defend the Constitution on our first day of this session, we didn’t take that oath to defend the Constitu-tion when it is convenient or when we feel like it. No. We took that oath to defend the Constitution every day, in every way, and with every bill. And without the Amash amendment, this bill falls short. Just a note on where we are in the timing. It is true that this has been de-layed, I would say unconscionably de-layed, for this proceeding. But we have more time than has been suggested. Under the existing act, it provides that, if there is an existing order from the FISA court, that order remains in effect even if the underlying bill lapses. We have an order that extends into late April. So we have a deadline, but it is not this week and it is not next week. We owe it to our constituents and we owe it to our obligation to the Con-stitution to get this right. When J
IMSENSENBRENNER , who is someone whom nobody is going to question his conservative credentials, and when Judge P
OE, ZOELOFGREN , and J
ERRY NADLER come to the same agree-ment on the Constitution, I would hope that our colleagues would listen. Vote for the Amash amendment, and, if it does not pass, vote against the bill. b1515 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before I yield to my next speaker, there are a couple of things to clarify here. This is an urgent matter. Although the gentlewoman spoke of this in the sense that the existing orders would stay in place, she fails to mention, and others have failed to talk about, that any new orders or even currently exist-ing orders are being enforced by the in-telligence community, which is set under that sort of pale of direction that they want. So I guess if you are satisfied pro-tecting the country with existing or-ders and existing threats that lasted yesterday, but I will guarantee you somebody else woke up this morning wanting to do us harm. I want the in-telligence community to be able to ad-dress that in a way that is prudent and proper, which is what I feel like is hap-pening here. The other issue here is, and I want to make this very clear, there are strong opinions, and I respect the gentle-woman from California immensely, I have relayed and have had similar con-cerns that she has had over the process and I have voted with her several times to move forward, but we have moved forward, and there are, I believe, pro-tections in this bill. So when we also talk about, as we go forward, and there is going to be a lot of passionate rhetoric, who is looking out for whom and reminding us of our oaths, I took the oath here, just as the gentlewoman did, when we started this new session, but I also took another oath in the United States Air Force and also served in Iraq and also serve in that time since currently in the military, and we have that oath as well. I will not take a backseat to anyone who can consciously disagree about where we are. This is a good bill. This is something that I would love to see in different ways changed, but this is the arc of where we are now in protecting our country. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY). Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of reauthorizing FISA 702. It is interesting, Mr. Speaker, to hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle talk about unconscionable delay-ing tactics or talking about the need for regular order. I would point out, Mr. Speaker, that just today on this floor, we have watched, once again, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle playing games. We have had this par-ticular debate now delayed by the games that their Members have been playing over the course of the last sev-eral hours with motion after motion to adjourn. That is, Mr. Speaker, what I believe is unconscionable. This is a bill that is a bipartisan bill. The ranking member of the Intel-ligence Committee as well as the chair-man of the Intelligence Committee worked very hard to come to agree-ment on this bill. I would argue, if anything, Mr. Speaker, the bill goes too far in terms of beginning the process that we can-not begin of putting walls up. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.042 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H107 January 10, 2018 
All of us lived through 9/11, and we know, Mr. Speaker, that one of the things that we saw that day was what can happen when we make it much more difficult for our law enforcement and our intelligence agencies to con-nect the dots, much more difficult for them to stop terrorist attacks against this Nation. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill that goes directly towards those issues. This is one of the most important pieces of policy and of authority that the Na-tional Security Agency has. I think it is very important for people who are listening to this debate to recognize that this authority is an authority that allows surveillance of foreign na-tionals on foreign territory, not in the United States. I would urge my colleagues, particu-larly when we have got a bill that is a bipartisan product, that is a product that has been worked on and agreed to in a bipartisan manner, that it is un-conscionable for them to delay, uncon-scionable for them to hold the Nation’s security hostage. We are seeing it, Mr. Speaker, not just with respect to this particular piece of legislation, but we are seeing it, Mr. Speaker, with respect to the en-tire negotiations underway today over the budget for the Nation. We have seen a situation where, as they did today, they are trying to ac-cuse us of holding DACA hostage, of holding DACA individuals hostage. That is not what is happening, Mr. Speaker. The Democrats in this House, Mr. Speaker, are, in fact, holding our na-tional security hostage, and they are doing it with respect to the funds that our military needs as well. We are a nation today that is facing grave and growing threats. We are a nation that is putting tremendous de-mands on our intelligence service, on our intelligence professionals, and on our men and women in uniform. I think that every Member of this body who decides to play games, rather than do what is right and what is necessary and what our constitutional obligation and our oath requires, ought to think as they are doing that: What does it mean to the mothers and fathers across this Nation who have children who are de-ployed for the defense of the Nation, the mothers and fathers across this Na-tion who know that we are sending their children into harm’s way? The Democrats in this body, Mr. Speaker, consistently continue to hold up the funding that our military needs and, in this case in particular, to hold up the reauthorization of this crucial piece of policy. So, Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong sup-port of the reauthorization of this bill. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am amused by my friend from the Rules Committee’s as-sertion that today, because of protests with reference to DACA, members of my party were protesting that concern. I am also amused that they are in the majority, and she accuses us of delay-ing, when, in fact, this measure was scheduled 2 or 3 months ago and could have been brought to the floor, but, no, they were busy about tax cuts, and so they didn’t get around to allowing for this important matter to be brought to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OF-
GREN ) to respond to the gentleman from Georgia. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to respond. The NSA will not go dark, and I think it is important that we under-stand that. We are collecting the content of phone calls, emails, text messages, vid-eos, pictures of Americans, putting it in a database and querying it, search-ing it without a probable cause war-rant. That is the state today, and that will continue until reform is done. It will not go dark. I thought it was im-portant to make that clear. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, I know he wanted to yield to my col-league from the Judiciary Committee, to have the chance to clarify that. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentle-woman from California attempting to clarify. Again, I stand by my statement. The simple fact is, it is the statement it will not go dark, but the issue is we go further here in the collection hap-pening, but how we use that and how we deal with that in a national secu-rity context, there is an interesting issue here, and there is an issue that could keep us from doing what we need to do. Again, this is the debate that we can have, this is the debate that we need to have on this floor, but there is a dif-ference of opinion here. In this in-stance, I think with the pervasive ef-forts put in place, I believe that this program is one worth keeping. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), a former FBI special agent. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of reau-thorizing section 702 of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act, which is due to expire. As a 14-year FBI special agent, in-cluding significant time as a counter-terrorism agent, I am an eyewitness to the importance of this program and the deliberate and lawful manner in which it is used. The fact is, section 702 is a critical tool that the intelligence community uses properly to target non-U.S. per-sons located outside of the United States to acquire information that is vital to our Nation’s security. Equally as important, this crucial program has operated under strict rules and has been carefully overseen by all three branches of our govern-ment to protect the privacy and civil liberties of all Americans. As we have seen, both in our country and abroad, proper surveillance and law enforcement is vital to protect us against terror attacks, especially lone attacker scenarios. As terror groups like ISIS continue to lose territory in Iraq and Syria, our intelligence com-munity has warned that we will see more of these one-off attacks as op-posed to more traditional conspiracies. At a hearing of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee, I asked FBI Director Chris Wray about this program as part of our national security posture. He said, despite the high volume of threats, there are few dots that can ac-tually be connected in regard to these ‘‘more loosely organized situations.’’ Information already lawfully obtained by the FBI is crucial in, as he said, un-derstanding ‘‘which threats are real and which ones are more aspirational.’’ Section 702 allows the national secu-rity professionals to query information to determine whether a tip from State or local law enforcement or others is credible, and it begins the process of marshalling resources to head off po-tential threats. Allowing section 702 to expire would leave America vulnerable at a time when we need this protection the most. As Director Wray clearly stated: ‘‘If 702 is walked back, we will be . . . starting to rebuild the wall that existed before 9/11.’’ Mr. Speaker, with today’s terror landscape, we cannot go backwards when proven, legal means exist to keep Americans safe. I urge my colleagues, Democrat and Republican alike, to support this vital national security measure. The safety and security of the families we rep-resent depend on the passage of this measure. Let us get this done for them. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), the ranking member of the Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigations and a good friend of mine. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman from Florida for his astute assessment and analysis in his earlier remarks today, particu-larly sharing with us his experience on the Intelligence Committee, and I thank him for mentioning the fact that I serve as the ranking member on the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee. In that capacity, that committee cer-tainly encounters not only our Na-tion’s law enforcement but many of the issues dealing with terrorism, includ-ing the work on homeland security. With that in mind, I want to simply say to my colleagues and, certainly, to my good friend, who served and dedi-cated his life to the FBI for 14 years, none of us over the past couple of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.044 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH108 January 10, 2018 
months will take a backseat to cham-pioning the FBI, thanking the FBI, rec-ognizing the FBI for the very valiant work that it does. Being on the Judiciary Committee for the number of years that I have served, I have worked with almost every FBI Director, and agents, par-ticularly the SACs in my particular ju-risdiction, and have been engaged in discussions on the resources and needs of that organization. Mr. Speaker, again, we thank them for their service. I would offer to say that the position I take today is to protect the FBI and to protect the American people. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD , interestingly enough, an article writ-ten by S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, ‘‘Pro-tecting America, protecting Ameri-cans,’’ dated October 16, 2007. 
[From the POLITICO, Oct. 16, 2007] P
ROTECTING AMERICA , PROTECTING  A
MERICANS  (By Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee) Nearly two centuries ago, Alexis de Tocqueville observed that the reason democ-racies invariably prevail in any martial con-flict is because democracy is the govern-mental form that best rewards and encour-ages those traits that are indispensable to martial success: initiative, innovation, re-sourcefulness and courage. The United States would do well to heed de Tocqueville and recognize that the best way to win the war on terror is to remain true to our democratic traditions. If it retains its democratic character, no nation and no loose confederation of international villains will defeat the United States in the pursuit of its vital interests. A major challenge facing the Congress today is to ensure that in waging its war on terror, the administration does not succeed in winning passage of legislation that will weaken the nation’s commitment to its democratic traditions. This is why the upcoming debate over con-gressional approval authorizing the adminis-tration to conduct terrorist surveillance on U.S. soil is a matter of utmost importance. I offer some thoughts on the principles that should inform that debate. In the waning hours before the August re-cess, the House acceded to the Bush adminis-tration’s request and approved the woefully misnamed ‘‘Protect America Act,’’ which gives the federal government enlarged pow-ers to conduct electronic surveillance of American citizens under the guise of con-ducting surveillance of foreign terrorists. Fortunately, the authority conferred by the PAA expires next February. It is therefore incumbent on the Congress to act expeditiously to amend the PAA so that it achieves the only legitimate goals of a terrorist surveillance program, which is to ensure that Americans are secure in their persons, papers and effects, but terrorists throughout the world are made insecure. The best way to achieve these twin goals is to follow the rule of law. And the exclusive law to follow with respect to authorizing for-eign surveillance gathering on U.S. soil is the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Enacted by Congress in 1978, the exclu-sivity of FISA was undisputed. Any legisla-tion authorizing terrorist surveillance pro-grams which the administration seeks to conduct must explicitly affirm that FISA is the sole basis of lawful authority for con-ducting foreign surveillance gathering on U.S. soil. That FISA remains the exclusive source of authority does not mean that the law cannot be adapted to modern circumstances or re-vised to accommodate new technologies. One widely acknowledged reform is to amend FISA to make clear that foreign-to-foreign communications are not subject to FISA, even though modern technology enables that communication to be routed through the United States. Additionally, the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Court is indispensable and must play a meaningful role in ensuring compli-ance with the law. Legislation must ensure that the FISC is empowered to act as an Article III court should act, which means the court should op-erate neither as a rubber stamp nor a bottle-neck. The function of the court is to validate the lawful exercise of executive power on the one hand, and to act as the guardian of indi-vidual rights and liberties on the other. Congress should reject any proposal that grants amnesty to any telecommunications company or other entity or individual that helps federal intelligence agencies spy ille-gally on innocent Americans. Amnesty will have the unintended con-sequence of encouraging telecommunications companies to comply with, rather than con-test, illegal requests to spy on Americans. The only permissible path to legalization of conduct in this area is full compliance with the requirements of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act. Finally, authorization to conduct foreign surveillance gathering on U.S. soil must never be made permanent. The threats to America’s security and the liberties of its people will change over time and require constant vigilance by the people’s represent-atives in Congress. In short, it makes much more sense to enact legislation that protects Americans, rather than one that protects America, as the administration’s proposal claims to do. At bottom, America is its people connected to each other, and to past and future genera-tions, as in Abraham Lincoln’s unforgettable phrase, by ‘‘the mystic chords of memory stretching from every heart and hearth-stone.’’ America, in other words, is Americans coming together in a community of shared values, ideals and principles. It is those shared values that hold us together. It is our commitment to those values that the terror-ists wish to break because that is the only way they can win. Thus, the way forward to victory in the war on terror is for this country to redouble its commitment to the values that every American will risk his or her life to defend. It is only by preserving our attachment to these cherished values that America will re-main forever the home of the free, the land of the brave and the country we love. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, that article suggests that we have the responsibility to protect America and Americans. I would make the point to my good friend, who mentioned that men and women or families sending their young people over to battle-grounds, they are absolutely right, and those young people who are going over to battlegrounds are going over on the basis of freedom. Their parents sac-rificed, these loved ones sacrificed their young people because they be-lieve so much in the freedom of this Nation. Well, I will tell you that section 702 and the underlying bill, there is no freedom in this particular bill, and that is why we need to address the question in a thoughtful manner. I don’t mind if we extend this to have a longer debate so that we can work through some of our concerns. Let me be clear that S. 139 fails to address the core concern of Members of Congress and the American public. The government’s use of section 702 infor-mation against United States citizens in investigations that have nothing to do with national security, that is the crux of our advocacy for both the Amash amendment, joined by myself and ZOELOFGREN and T EDPOEand many others—it is not to undermine the security of this Nation. It is to give substance to those families who sac-rifice and send their young men and women to faraway places. The warrant requirement contained in the bill is riddled with loopholes and applies only to fully predicated official FBI investigations, not to the hundreds of thousands of searches that the FBI runs every day to run down a lead or check out a tip. S. 139 exacerbates existing problems with section 702 by codifying the so- called bulk collection, a type of sur-veillance that was shut down after it twice failed to meet the Fourth Amendment scrutiny. S. 139 is universally opposed by tech-nology companies, privacy and civil liberties groups across the political spectrum. Let me read briefly what the Amash amendment really says. It is not some-thing that would stop security, surveil-lance, and work in its tracks. What it does is, ‘‘Except as provided in sub-paragraph C or D, no officer, agent, or employee of the United States may conduct a query of information ac-quired under subsection A in an effort to find communications of or about a particular person if there is reason to believe such person is a United States person,’’ protecting the First Amend-ment freedom of speech and all of that, but matched with the important amendment of the Fourth Amendment, which, of course, is unreasonable search and seizures. b1530 An application by the Attorney Gen-eral to a judge of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court that de-scribes the determination of the Attor-ney General is probable cause to be-lieve that such communications pro-vide evidence of a crime, such person is a foreign power or an agent of a foreign power. This is a minimal standard. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this is a minimal standard of which every American should expect and is owed. It is a minimal standard upon which we stand the Constitution. We are missing what our role is here. It is not to rush through a FISA bill that has been delayed by my Repub-lican friends. More importantly, it is to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.045 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H109 January 10, 2018 
do right by the American people. We are not doing right by the American people. I remember fighting against reverse targeting, a major issue in our work on the Freedom Act and the PATRIOT Act. Now, today—in 2017, going into 2018—in 2018, it is important to remem-ber that 9/11 was to not turn terror on Americans; it was to protect us from terrorism and to withstand that with the upholding of the Constitution. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to oppose the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Ju-diciary Committee, I rise in opposition to the rule for S. 139, the ‘‘FISA Amendments Reau-thorization Act of 2017,’’ and the underlying bill. S. 139 reauthorizes Section 702 of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which is scheduled to expire on January 19, 2018. Although Section 702 is a critical national security tool set to expire on January 19, 2018, events of the recent past strongly sug-gest that Section 702 should not be reauthor-ized without necessary and significant reforms that are not included in the legislation before us. So as the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I oppose the rule and underlying bill for several compelling rea-sons: 1. S. 139 fails to address the core concern of Members of Congress and the American public—the government’s use of Section 702 information against United States citizens in investigations that have nothing to do with na-tional security. 2. The warrant ‘‘requirement’’ contained in the bill is riddled with loopholes and applies only to fully predicated, official FBI investiga-tions, not to the hundreds of thousands searches the FBI runs every day to run down a lead or check out a tip. 3. S. 139 exacerbates existing problems with Section 702 by codifying so-called ‘‘about collection,’’ a type of surveillance that was shut down after it twice failed to meet Fourth Amendment scrutiny. 4. S. 139 is universally opposed by tech-nology companies, privacy, and civil liberties groups across the political spectrum, from the ACLU to FreedomWorks. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us comes from the Intelligence Committee, where it was passed on a strict party-line vote. This stands in stark contrast to H.R. 3989, the USA Liberty Act, I the bipartisan bill re-ported by the Judiciary Committee after mul-tiple hearings, an open markup process, and a bipartisan vote of approval. The USA Liberty Act enjoys much broader support, contains meaningful reforms to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, and is far superior to the bill before us. FISA was enacted in 1978 to provide the Executive Branch with a statutory framework for gathering ‘‘foreign intelligence information’’ from U.S. persons. FISA authorizes special court orders for four purposes: 1. electronic surveillance; 2. physical searches; 3. the installation and use of pen registers and trap and trace devices; and 4. demands for the production of physical items. Although FISA is designed for intelligence gathering, and not for the collection of criminal evidence, the law applies to activities to which a Fourth Amendment warrant requirement would apply if they were conducted as part of a criminal investigation. Most commonly, authorization for a wiretap or physical search under FISA is obtained by application to the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court (‘‘FISC’’ or the ‘‘FISA court’’). Section 702 is part of the FISA Amend-ments Act (FAA), a successor to the Bush Ad-ministration’s unlawful warrantless wiretapping program that ended in January 2007. The FAA adds a new Title VII to FISA that grants the government the authority to monitor electronic communications of non-U.S. per-sons abroad. Section 702 authorizes the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence ‘‘to acquire foreign intelligence information’’ from ‘‘persons reasonably believed to be located outside the United States.’’ Although the FAA prohibits the intentional targeting of persons in the United States, the FAA had been in place for only a few months when the New York Times reported that the NSA had ‘‘overcollected’’ domestic commu-nications, a practice described as significant and systematic, even if unintentional. Subsequently, the Director of the Office of National Intelligence stated that ‘‘it is not rea-sonably possible to identify the number of people located in the United States whose communications may have been reviewed under the authority of the FAA.’’ Section 702 provides that the government ‘‘may not intentionally target a person reason-ably believed to be located outside the United States if the purpose of such acquisition is to target a particular, known person reasonably believed to be in the United States.’’ Mr. Speaker, Section 702 of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act was enacted to protect the liberty and security of Americans, not to diminish their constitutional rights. That is why Section 702 should not be reau-thorized with reforms to prevent the govern-ment from using information against its polit-ical opponents or members of religious, ethnic, or other groups. One way to do that is without interfering with the national security objectives of 702 surveillance is simply to require the FBI to ob-tain a warrant before reading communications by Americans, when it finds those communica-tions by targeting that American and searching its 702 databases. Enforcing the warrant requirement would prevent the misuse of Section 702 to conduct ‘‘backdoor searches’’ where government agen-cies, including individual FBI agents, may search the communications collected under section 702 for communications by an indi-vidual American, read those communications and disseminate them within the government, all without any external oversight, much less a judicial warrant, simply by claiming a ‘‘foreign intelligence’’ purpose. Mr. Speaker, all Americans want to find a common-ground where common-sense rules and regulations relating to fighting terrorism at home and abroad can exist while still pro-tecting the cherished privacy and civil liberties which Americans hold close to our collective hearts. Mr. Speaker, I noted in an op-ed published way back in October 2007, that as Alexis DeTocqueville, the most astute student of American democracy, observed nearly two centuries ago, the reason democracies invari-ably prevail in any military conflict is because democracy is the governmental form that best rewards and encourages those traits that are indispensable to success: initiative, innovation, courage, and a love of justice. The best way to keep America safe and strong is to remain true to the valued embed-ded in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. The bill before us does not strike the proper balance between our cherished liberties and smart security. We can do better; we should reject this rule and the underlying bill and bring to the floor for debate and vote H.R. 3989, the USA Lib-erty Act. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Just real briefly, I think one of the issues here is this discussion of riddled with loopholes and riddled with any-body. It is just a reminder that agen-cies not already defined in this cannot just do random searches of this data-base. This is something that we have just—again, let’s just push back on the facts of the case. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to say ‘‘pause,’’ take a step back, reject the rule, and give ourselves a chance to, frankly, do it better. FISA reauthorization is inarguably one of the most consequential votes we will take in this Congress because the constitutional stakes are so high. Civil liberties are the core of our Bill of Rights, and we are asked to take ac-tion that affects them in the name of keeping us safe. I get that. But it is critical that we get it right. I think we can do better. To make deci-sions of this magnitude, we should have the most robust process possible, full and open debate, and input from the stakeholders, thoughtful delibera-tions by the Members. The process for this bill thus far has decidedly not been that, has not been great. It was written and rewritten in secret and with mini-mal debate or stakeholders’ input. But—this is a big but—I am actually optimistic because I have seen a change in the last few days and I think we have an opportunity here. The ad-ministration is suddenly engaged, and we are seeing vibrant debate from stakeholders in the technology sector, civil liberties advocates. Members have had very serious discussions, including here on the floor today, but in the Halls, offering amendments to rules, unfortunately, which are not being al-lowed—save one. We are being asked to shut all that down, that opportunity, and push through an extension that will run for 6 years. Frankly, stop and think: 6 years in the world of technology is an eternity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.047 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH110 January 10, 2018 
So, for all these reasons, I ask my fellow Members to join me in opposing this rule and, instead, allow the House an opportunity to work its will, to take a little more time, and to do it better because we really do need to wrestle with privacy, with what pri-vacy means in a world where our entire personal lives are stored somewhere online as ones and zeros. Frankly, that is happening at an even faster pace than it is now. We need to debate how the Fourth Amendment protects us against search and seizures applying to our digital records. We are all being rendered into nothing but a massive storehouse of ones and zeros. The tensions or balance between civil liberties and national security is a de-bate as old as this country, but they are not mutually exclusive. They are hard—they are darn hard—but they are not mutually exclusive and they are not impossible. I know well how many threats we face around the world and I don’t take them lightly. The fact that we have not faced another major terrorist at-tack since 9/11 is a testament to the skill and the hard work of the intel-ligence community, and I tip my hat to them. I am absolutely committed to giving them the tools they need to keep us safe, consistent with our con-stitutional rights. But we live in an era of the most powerful spying tools the world has ever known. Twenty-five years ago conversations were ephemeral. They were conducted in person or over the phone. But now they occur over email or chat and they are archived forever. Our medical, financial, and legal records are all online; so are our photos. Our cell phones track us every-where we go. The data available on us is unprece-dented, and the fundamental principle of the Bill of Rights is that we have the right to keep our data private. We need new safeguards to ensure that. So, by rejecting this rule, we have a chance to do it better. In so doing, both keep us safe and protect our constitu-tional rights. For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject the rule. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to ask how much time is remaining on both sides, and then also inquire of my good friend from Florida if he has any more speakers. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia has 9 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Florida has 9
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Does the gentleman from Florida have any more speakers? Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I would advise that I have no further speakers and I am prepared to close. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the United States House of Representatives is known as the people’s House, yet the people’s representatives continuously are shut out of policy discussion after discus-sion. They are shut out of writing bill after bill, and they are shut out of of-fering any meaningful amendments. Quite simply, Mr. Speaker, if the peo-ple’s representatives are shut out, then the people are shut out. If you look around at how the majority is running this place, through a historically closed process, the result is not at all pretty. I have some advice for my Repub-lican friends. If, like this side of the aisle, you spent more time working on policies that help the American people instead of the wealthy and rich cor-porations who are, I might add, doing just fine, you would likely not only see more legislative successes, but you would be able to spend more time on important issues like this critically important issue, the extension of sec-tion 702. Mr. Speaker, as is clearly evident, Democrats remain ready to work in a bipartisan manner to accomplish all that remains left to do for the Amer-ican people. We are ready to fund the government and provide for smart in-vestments for the future of our coun-try. We are ready to pull the hundreds of thousands of DREAMers out of unnec-essary limbo and provide them with the status they deserve. We are ready to go forward with comprehensive im-migration. We are ready to provide the funding and authorization needed to give millions of low-income children the health insurance they need. We are ready to fix our roads and our bridges and our railways and air trafficking. We are here and waiting, but time is running out. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my friend from Florida, my cohort on the Rules Committee, but I will just also say I appreciate his advice. But also, as a re-minder back to my friend from Florida, we have spent time talking about things that matter and things that were messed up. In fact, we spent a lot of time in this House and passed a healthcare bill be-cause people in my district called me regularly over the holiday, as the new year approached, saying: We can’t get insurance, or the insurance that I am provided, no doctor will accept. We have spent time on that. I believe that is real. We spent time in this body over the past few years working on a bill called Dodd-Frank that, in my district, deci-mated community banks and made lending harder and made businesses have more trouble trying to hire people to put them to meaningful work. Yes, we are spending time on things that were not well thought out. Tax reform was well thought out and is helping Americans in all districts, including my friend’s, and I believe we will continue to hear more about that as the day progresses. But today, again, as many times, we are focused on a bill that has serious debate. It has the reality of some that can take and look at one thing and see a difference, and I agree with my friends on that. But that is why we are having this debate. That is why there will be an amendment on this bill that I oppose and that others will. Some will support it. But I tell you one that does not sup-port it: the current administration does not support the amendment. The current administration supports the bill, and the relevant committees that have worked on this bill support the underlying bill. Number two, one of the issues that we have talked about today and one of the things we have to be very careful of is going back to something that was supported by both parties, and that is the recommendations of the 9/11 Com-mission report that said that we have to take seriously the foreign—I respect greatly my friend, former speaker on our side, who disagrees with this bill, but this is about foreign surveillance. This is the foreign part of this, and we have got to make sure that we have that capability. Really, this bill—if you continue, and especially looking at the amendment and where others want to go—would build walls that led to the very prob-lems that we expressed before 9/11. Then there is this last case that con-tinually comes up, and it was about the ‘‘about collection,’’ which is no longer being done and practiced. It has been said: Well, we are just codifying it, and they can bring it back willy-nilly. Let’s remind ourselves of what actu-ally has to happen. They have to actu-ally decide that, one, they can, and they have to bring it to the FISC, the court. Oh, wait. Hold on here a second. Let’s think about what just happened here. They have to bring it back to the very court that said: Oh, we have got a concern about this and why they have suspended it. But, Mr. Speaker, let’s also talk about why this even occurred, to start with, with the court. It was because the agencies, the intelligence commu-nities, self-reported an issue that they needed to look at. It was not hidden. It was self-reported to the court. This is the protections built into this legisla-tion. Now, we can debate whether they go far enough or they are not enough or they are properly billed. This is sort of like a debate that needs to happen. But be careful where we go here, to let the American people be led to be-lieve that things that are happening are not really happening. Do not let it be led to believe that there are not things in place set up by even friends who have spoken today, maybe even against this, that were put in place to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.048 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H111 January 10, 2018 
protect the personal rights of our citi-zens. Let’s never forget that the end result of this is keeping our Nation safe while balancing the privacy concerns of our own citizens, which is never outside of my thoughts and discussions. For years, the five years that I have been in this body and worked on the Judiciary Committee, we have pushed this envelope, pushing it for protection while, at the same time, balancing our national security needs. I will never say, for the most part, that there is a perfect bill ever to hit this floor. I would think that my friend would probably agree with me on that. So you have to find the balance and ask: What is the aim of the bill? What is it doing? And how did it go about. I believe this strikes that balance. You can have disagreement, but at the end of the day, my question to you is: Is your push to make something better willing to turn out the lights or go dark on watching those who wish to do us harm? Don’t bank on the fact that the intel-ligence community will just continue on under what has been happening and not look at what could happen, even as we are in this Chamber debating this bill. I want them to be able to see clearly the threats to this country. I want them to use the processes in place to protect American citizens in this process, which they are doing, which, by the way, was highlighted by the fact of the self-report that led to the unbal-anced collection being stopped. b1545 But I never would want to put the se-curity of this country in doubt when they cannot look or they are on shaky legal ground of what they can and can-not do to protect us. This goes back to a time in our country’s history where we have technology—it was just said recently—that is changing. I want them to have the ability to continue this process under the supervision of a plan that is put in place. Where those need to be adjusted, they can be ad-justed. Are there other needs that need to be addressed? Yes, there are. The Intel-ligence Committee chairman and I have spoken on those already. The Ju-diciary Committee, also, is looking into these. But at this point in time, this bill is one that I believe strikes the balance that is critical for our in-telligence and law enforcement com-munities to have the tools they need to do their jobs, for our civil liberties and right to privacy, fundamental to our identity as Americans. I believe the un-derlying bill strikes that proper bal-ance. As we go forward, these are the de-bates, Mr. Speaker, we need to have in this Chamber. At the end of the day, it is about getting the bill and the proc-ess right so that we can achieve the aims that need to be achieved. As we move forward, I would say this is what happened, this is how we work, and, for now, I believe this is the prop-er way to go about it. I look forward to supporting this rule and the underlying bill to protect our Nation, the Amer-ican people, and also to preserve our civil liberties. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of House Res-olution 682 will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 681; and Adoption of House Resolution 681, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 181, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 8] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—181 
Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Adams Carbajal Cicilline Cummings DeSaulnier Gabbard Hanabusa Jenkins (WV) Keating Kind McHenry McNerney Nolan Poe (TX) Scalise Turner Wilson (FL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.049 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH112 January 10, 2018 
b1613 Ms. SPEIER and Mr. GOTTHEIMER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS, Mr. SCHNEIDER, Mrs. MURPHY of Flor-ida, and Mr. BILIRAKIS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 8 on H. Res. 682, the rule providing for con-sideration of S. 139, the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017, I am not re-corded due to my attendance at a briefing on airport security. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
b1615 HONORING DON YOUNG AS DEAN OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for a very happy purpose, and it is to recognize the Honorable D
ONYOUNG of Alaska as the new dean of the House of Representatives. The tradition of having a dean dates back centuries to the House of Com-mons. It is an honor that goes to our longest continuously serving Member. D
ONYOUNG is one of only 28 Ameri-cans in the history of this Nation to serve more than 40 years in this House. As you can see, he has a very bright fu-ture ahead of him. D
ON, I want to be clear at the outset that there are limits to the dean’s du-ties. For instance, you cannot hang a bearskin in the House Chamber. You still cannot reserve seats. The dean has the responsibility of swearing in the Speaker. Remember, that is swearing in the Speaker, not swearing at the Speaker. This milestone is not just a matter of longevity, but the word that comes to mind when you think of D
ONYOUNG is ‘‘loyalty.’’ This man is fiercely loyal. D
ONYOUNG is fiercely loyal to Alaska. He fights hard for what he believes is right. Just look at ANWR. I know it is controversial. We have been talking about doing tax reform for 30-plus years here. D
ONYOUNG has been work-ing on ANWR for 45 years. When we passed H.R. 1 in the House, that was the 13th time he passed an ANWR bill, and it finally made it into law. Achievements like this just don’t happen overnight. They require leaders willing to carry the torch, come what may. As we all know, D
ONYOUNG is not the kind of guy that is going to let anything—or anyone—get in his way. He is loyal to his family and his friends, which includes many, many Members of this body. He can be direct, but you always know where he stands, or, more importantly, you always know where you stand with him. But most of all, as our dean, DON Y
OUNG is loyal to this institution. That, we all know. Decades on, D
ON Y
OUNG believes as much as anyone in the value of the work that we do here. As D
ON, himself, so characteristically put it: ‘‘those who think . . . I might retire, you can forget it. I like what I do.’’ D
ONYOUNG is a man of this institu-tion. He believes in this institution. He believes in the work that we do. So, on this, his 16,374th day in the House, we extend our congratulations to D
ON, to Anne, and to their entire family. I thank D
ONYOUNG for his service to Alaska and to this country. 
f 
HONORING CONGRESSMAN DON YOUNG (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join our distinguished Speaker in hon-oring Congressman D
ONYOUNG , who as-cends to the position of dean of the U.S. House of Representatives fol-lowing nearly 45 years of proud service on behalf of the people of Alaska. Con-gressman Y
OUNG also holds the distinc-tion of serving as the first dean of the House from the Republican Party in 80 years. Congratulations. On behalf of the Democratic Caucus, I extend my congratulations to D
ON; his wife, Anne; and his entire family. Despite our differences, it is clear that D
ONcares deeply about our Na-tion. D
ONserves because, in his words, he is ‘‘enthusiastic about meeting peo-ple and trying to solve their prob-lems.’’ As a former teacher, he is an advo-cate for quality education for all. As a former U.S. Army tank operator, he be-lieves in ensuring that servicemem-bers, families, and veterans have the care they have earned. In honor of his late, beloved wife, Lu Young, he has been a champion for the Native chil-dren of Alaska. The motto of the State of Alaska is ‘‘North to the future.’’ In his commit-ment to progress and better futures for the people of Alaska, D
ONhonors those words. The dean of the House has the honor of administering to the Speaker, as the Speaker indicated, the oath of office, which begins: ‘‘I will support and de-fend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.’’ As dean, Congressman Y
OUNG will now have the special re-sponsibility not only of defending the Constitution, but of defending the in-tegrity and dignity of this institution, which he has done all along. Following in the footsteps of great leaders before him—Sam Rayburn, John Quincy Adams, Carl Vinson—it is now D
ON’s solemn duty to help foster a climate of civility in the Congress and to hold our colleagues accountable for behavior beneath the standards of this body. I told DONI would tell you this story when I just congratulated him. He has been very helpful to us in making the Presidio go from an Army post to a special kind of national park. I hope he considers establishing the Presidio in San Francisco part of his legacy. We would love to welcome him and honor him in San Francisco anytime he is ready for that. But in the course of our conversa-tions over those times, I noticed one day that D
ONhad on this beautiful tie. It had a bald eagle and a baby seal on it. It had these beautiful animals on it. I said: D
ON, what a lovely, beautiful en-vironmental tie you have on. He said: I call it lunch. Again, we know that D
ONYOUNG will always honor the important obliga-tions, as he always has, and now his new obligation as dean of the House of Representatives. That is historic. I congratulate him and thank him for his service. 
f 
SERVING THE PEOPLE OF ALASKA (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank the Speaker and the minority leader for their introductions. I have been in the House for 45 years, with nine Speakers and nine Presi-dents. I have been in this House with 2,000 Members who have left. I love this body. I can suggest one thing: My greatest honor has been being able to achieve results for my State. I am the only Congressman from the whole State of Alaska, and I love it. It is my responsi-bility to represent the State and this House as the single person to do the job that I have been asked to do. One of the things that I have enjoyed is the friendships. I don’t think there is an enemy in the House. I worked across the aisle. Jimmy Oberstar and I never had an adversarial vote at any one time on the Transportation and Infra-structure Committee. Now, when George Miller was the minority mem-ber, we had a lot of arguments and a lot of disagreements, but we hunted to-gether and we ate together. I believe in bipartisanship. I believe in this body to lead this Nation. Nine Presidents, the House has its job to do regardless of who the President is. I thank my wife, who is in the audi-ence up there in the gallery. A man gets lucky usually once in his life. I got lucky twice. My past wife was with me for 46
1⁄2years. My new wife has been with me about 8 years now. I want the State to pay her because she keeps me alive. And she likes what I do. I want to thank my colleagues. Being the dean will not change me. I will still holler, ‘‘Vote.’’ I will sometimes get out of line. But in doing so, remember, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.052 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H113 January 10, 2018 
it comes from my heart, and my heart is in this House. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 140, AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ). Without objection, 5-minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 681) providing for con-sideration of the bill (S. 140) to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 181, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 9] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—181 
Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
NOT VOTING—16 
Adams Carbajal Cummings DeSaulnier Gabbard Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Jenkins (WV) Kind McHenry McNerney Nolan Scalise Turner Wilson (FL) Yarmuth ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNN) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1633 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 227, noes 181, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 10] AYES—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.054 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH114 January 10, 2018 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—181 
Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
NOT VOTING—23 
Adams Barr Brooks (IN) Carbajal Cummings DeSaulnier Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Kind King (IA) McHenry McNerney Nolan Scalise Turner Walters, Mimi Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1641 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
b1645 AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 681, I call up the bill (S. 140) to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Set-tlement Fund, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 681, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–54 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
S. 140 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. USE OF FUNDS IN WMAT SETTLE-MENT FUND FOR WMAT RURAL WATER SYSTEM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF WMAT R URAL WATER S
YSTEM .—Section 307(a) of the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3080) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, (b)(2),’’ after ‘‘subsections (a)’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Section 312(b)(2)(C)(i)(III) of the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3093) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, in-cluding the planning, design, and construction of the WMAT rural water system, in accordance with section 307(a).’’. 
SEC. 2. EXPANSION OF PUEBLO OF SANTA CLARA LAND ELIGIBLE FOR 99-YEAR LEASE. 
Subsection (a) of the first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (commonly known as the ‘‘Long- Term Leasing Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 415(a)), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Indians,,’’ and inserting ‘‘In-dians,’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘Ohkay Owingeh pueblo,’’ after ‘‘Cochiti,’’; (3) by inserting ‘‘the pueblo of Santa Clara,’’ after ‘‘Pojoaque,’’; (4) by striking ‘‘the the lands’’ and inserting ‘‘the land’’; (5) by striking ‘‘lands held in trust for the Pueblo of Santa Clara,’’; and (6) by striking ‘‘lands held in trust for Ohkay Owingeh Pueblo’’. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITION OF EMPLOYER. 
Section 2 of the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 152) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or any In-dian tribe, or any enterprise or institution owned and operated by an Indian tribe and lo-cated on its Indian lands,’’ after ‘‘subdivision thereof,’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) The term ‘Indian tribe’ means any In-dian tribe, band, nation, pueblo, or other orga-nized group or community which is recognized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians be-cause of their status as Indians. ‘‘(16) The term ‘Indian’ means any individual who is a member of an Indian tribe. ‘‘(17) The term ‘Indian lands’ means— ‘‘(A) all lands within the limits of any Indian reservation; ‘‘(B) any lands title to which is either held in trust by the United States for the benefit of any Indian tribe or Indian or held by any Indian tribe or Indian subject to restriction by the United States against alienation; and ‘‘(C) any lands in the State of Oklahoma that are within the boundaries of a former reserva-tion (as defined by the Secretary of the Interior) of a federally recognized Indian tribe.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided among and con-trolled by the chairs and ranking mi-nority members of the Committee on Education and the Workforce and the Committee on Natural Resources. The gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ), the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ), the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) each will control 15 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on S. 140. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 140, as amended, which consists of three sections promoting Tribal self- governance and sovereignty over their lands, resources, and businesses belong-ing to Indian Tribes. Section 1 of S. 140 amends current law to ensure the completion of a Trib-al water system in Arizona. It makes a technical amendment to the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify that authority exists for any necessary cost overruns associated with the Tribe’s rural water system, provided it falls within the existing authorization level. This provision provides the White Mountain Apache Tribe and the De-partment of the Interior certainty that there will be sufficient funds to com-plete the rural water system. Section 2 of S. 140 is identical to S. 249, a bill referred to the Sub-committee on Indian, Insular and Alas-ka Native Affairs, which I chair. The Natural Resources Committee reported S. 249 favorably on July 24, 2017, by unanimous consent. Section 2 amends what is commonly known as the Long-Term Leasing Act, to authorize two Indian pueblos in New Mexico to lease their restricted fee lands for up to 99 years, subject to the approval of the Secretary of the Inte-rior. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.019 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H115 January 10, 2018 
Such leases may be for a variety of nonmineral development purposes. While current law generally authorizes Indian Tribes, subject to the approval of the Secretary, to lease their trust and restricted lands, the terms of the leases may not exceed 25 years. This bill would authorize the pueblos of Santa Clara and Ohkay Owingeh to lease their restricted fee lands for terms of up to 99 years. Congress has amended the Long- Term Leasing Act more than 40 times to adjust the terms and conditions of leases of Indian lands and to authorize leases of specific Indian lands by their Indian owners for a term of up to 99 years, subject to the approval of the Secretary. While the Natural Resources Com-mittee does not have jurisdiction over section 3 of S. 140, I wish to express my full support for promoting Tribal self- governance by giving Tribes parity with States and local governments for the purposes of the National Labor Re-lations Act. Tribal self-governance, or sov-ereignty, means that a Tribe may make its own laws and be governed by them. Since President Nixon launched the era of Indian self-determination, Tribes have shown that when they as-sume management and control over their affairs, they actually outperform the Federal Government. Thus, section 3 of S. 140 will continue and enhance the policies of Tribal self- determination that have almost always enjoyed strong bipartisan, bicameral support for these measures. S. 140, as amended, is fully consistent with promoting this important Tribal economic opportunity and freedom to do as they see fit. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today, we are debating a bill package that follows a very familiar playbook for House Republican leadership. This bill package is just the latest attempt by my Republican colleagues to push a highly partisan agenda by combining that divisive proposal with noncontroversial items. Today’s bill includes two bills that passed Senate and House Natural Re-sources Committee by unanimous con-sent. One of these bills would make a tech-nical correction to a previously passed Tribal water settlement, and the other would clarify that two pueblos in New Mexico should receive equal treatment when leasing their lands. Unfortunately, instead of quickly passing these bills and suspensions and sending them to the President to be signed into law, House Republican leadership has decided to take those two bills hostage and combine them with a highly divisive bill that is likely not going anywhere—H.R. 986, section 3 of this legislation—which I do not sup-port. This political stunt seems doomed to fail. The only thing it will accomplish is wasting everyone’s time. Meanwhile, a list of bills that are critical to Tribes across the country sit in the Natural Resources Committee and are just ignored by the majority. For example, we could be moving leg-islation that would protect and pre-serve Native American cultural arti-facts, or legislation that would address issues at Indian Health Service, or leg-islation to codify meaningful and ro-bust Tribal consultation process; or we could be here today passing the bipar-tisan bill known as the ‘‘clean’’ Carcieri fix. These bills deserve attention. They are promoted by not only Indian Coun-try, but many, many Members in a bi-partisan fashion in this House. I hope we can move past these petty political games soon, which people are, rightfully, sick of having to see. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues across the aisle to change course and stop blocking consensus bills from moving through this body by con-joining them with divisive, contentious proposals. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM). Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of S. 140. I strongly support this bill, but I want to speak today about one par-ticular piece of it—the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act—which I helped intro-duce, along with Mr. R
OKITA . Mr. Speaker, I often stand in this House to oppose interference from the heavy hand of the Federal Government, and this is no different. In 2004, the National Labor Relations Board, unilaterally, decided that it needed to meddle in the affairs of Trib-ally owned businesses on Tribal lands. This is a board that was set up to over-see union elections but has become the bureaucratic arm of big labor. By further expanding its jurisdiction, the National Labor Relations Board threatened the foundation of Indian law, the principle of Tribal sov-ereignty, and the limits of a small Fed-eral Government. Since the Obama administration im-plemented this incredible government overreach, dozens of Tribes have sup-ported legislation to clarify that the NLRB’s jurisdiction does not extend to Tribes. The conservative, small govern-ment legislation we consider today would make that necessary correction. Native American Tribes around the country, and especially in my home State of South Dakota, are plagued with grinding poverty, high unemploy-ment, substance abuse, and poor healthcare. They continually seek eco-nomic development through self-deter-mination, and the last thing that they need, when trying to improve economic opportunities for their citizens, is a Federal bureaucracy further meddling with their efforts. Quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, I believe that subjecting Native American Tribes to National Labor Relations Board rules is yet another sign that some still want the Federal Govern-ment to interfere with Tribal decision-making. I have sponsored the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, and this House has passed it multiple times. I am proud that many South Dakota Tribes have long supported the bill, in-cluding the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe, the Oglala Sioux Tribe, and the Great Plains Tribal Chairman’s Asso-ciation. I urge my colleagues to withdraw the heavy hand of government and again support Tribal sovereignty. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have re-maining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Arizona has 13 minutes re-maining. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, and I ask unanimous consent that he may con-trol that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to S. 140. As has been pointed out, buried in section 3 of this otherwise non-controversial water and lands bill is the text of H.R. 986, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. This nongermane pro-vision would strip thousands of em-ployees of their rights and protections under the National Labor Relations Act at Tribal enterprises located on Tribal lands. At issue in the Tribal Labor Sov-ereignty Act are two solemn and deep-ly rooted principles: First, the right that Indian Tribes possess in matters of local self-govern-ance; Second, the rights of workers to or-ganize unions, bargain collectively, and engage in concerted activities for mutual aid and protection. Rather than attempting to balance these two important principles, the bill chooses sovereignty for some over the human rights of others. I would note that the approximately 75 percent of workers employed at Tribal casinos are not members of the Tribes running the casino, but this bill would strip labor rights of hundreds of thousands of these workers as well as those who are actually members of the Tribes. In doing so, this legislation would abandon the carefully drawn balance between Tribal sovereignty and work-ers’ rights that was adopted in the San 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.060 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH116 January 10, 2018 
Manuel decision by a Republican-led National Labor Relations Board in 2004. Perhaps prompted by litigation, the board ruled that the National Labor Relations Act will only apply if it does not impact the exclusive rights of self-governance in purely intramural matters or abrogate rights guaranteed by treaties. The San Manuel decision is based on legal principles governing Federal laws of general applicability with respect to Indian Tribes that have been upheld by appeals courts for over 30 years. That is why courts have ruled that Tribes must comply with labor and employ-ment laws such as the Fair Labor Standards Act; the Occupational Safe-ty and Health Act; the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act, ERISA; and the employer mandate of the Af-fordable Care Act. Yet this bill singles out the National Labor Relations Act on the grounds that Tribes must be given parity with State and local governments which statutorily are exempt from the NLRA. Maybe States and localities should have been considered, but the statutes are clear that they are exempt. This is not a reason why Tribes should be exempt from an otherwise generally applicable law. Furthermore, State and local governments are cov-ered under title VII of the Civil Rights Act; whereas, Tribes are expressly ex-empt. For employees of Tribal enterprises, therefore, unions are the sole protec-tion under Federal law against dis-crimination, including sexual harass-ment, because they can negotiate a col-lective bargaining agreement that en-forces employees’ rights to be free from such conduct. Democrats and Republicans together have insisted that our trading partners abide by and enforce basic labor rights anytime we do a trade deal. And Con-gress has repeatedly required these ob-ligations in trade agreements, but today the House will vote on a bill that takes away the assurance that employ-ees have for the freedom of association if they are employed in many Tribal casinos. This creates a fair question: Would this legislation place the United States Government in breach of any of the trade agreements that are now in ef-fect? According to the International Labor Organization, in an opinion on a similar bill a few years ago, it would, in fact, put us in breach of trade agree-ments. We should be able to fashion com-promises that, frankly, protect both workers’ rights and Tribal sovereignty, but what is before us today fails that test. There is no principled basis for stripping hundreds of thousands of workers from the right to join a union and negotiate better wages simply be-cause they happen to work in a com-mercial enterprise on Tribal lands. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding and for his work on this bill. As he mentioned in the opening statements, there is a provision in the bill that allows the Santa Clara Ohkay Owingeh 99-year leasing program to move forward. That is in resolution to the long-standing problems that we face there. So just a significant provi-sion that affects these two units but also the underlying concept that we are going to recognize the sovereignty of our Tribes. As many people know, some of the Tribes are faced with just very difficult poverty conditions throughout the his-tory of their Tribes since they have been on the reservations, and I work with close friends of mine who are try-ing to solve these problems and to find resolution to long-term prosperity on the Indian reservations. So when the National Labor Rela-tions Board reversed its long-standing status of recognizing the sovereignty of our nations—70 years they had recog-nized that. In 2004, they simply re-versed it without much explanation, without any warning, and certainly without precedent. b1700 It has caused things to be much more difficult, especially in States like New Mexico. So the Tribal leaders are say-ing: We should be sovereign. We should be allowed to make these sorts of deci-sions ourself without the Federal Gov-ernment coming in and putting the bu-reaucracy there. The underlying concept of the bill is one that simply says we want pros-perity on Native American lands, we want their sovereign actions to take care of themselves, to move themselves forward. That is what the entire Nation says is the American Dream. Let’s let that occur for the Native Americans in this country. I think the provisions of the bill are very important. We have been working for 6 years now in Native American housing, an-other way to help move prosperity into Native American lands. Again, I sup-port the concept of the bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health, Employ-ment, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to S. 140 because it includes H.R. 986, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2017. The effect of this legislation would be to strip employees who work at businesses owned and operated by an Indian Tribe and located on Indian lands of the protections afforded by the National Labor Relations Act. I am a Chamorro, one of the native people of the Northern Marianas, and I fully appreciate the importance of Tribal sovereignty for Native Ameri-cans. However, this legislation does not properly reconcile the competing inter-ests between sovereign rights and the rights of workers. At least 75 percent of employees at Tribal casinos are not Tribal members. In some cases, as few as 1 percent of the employees are members of the Tribes operating the casino. These workers have no say in the decision-making of Tribal governments. Workers have the right to organize, to collectively bargain, and to protect their right to fight for a safe work-place, fair pay to provide a living for themselves and their families, and good benefits. They should not be stripped of these rights simply due to the geography of the workplace. Federal law and Tribal sovereignty should be able to coexist at Tribal casi-nos without stripping workers of their rights under the National Labor Rela-tions Act. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member S
COTT for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to S. 140, which would strip pro-tections from workers who are em-ployed by a Tribally-owned business but are not Tribal members. This in-cludes protection from harassment and discrimination in the workplace. Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, which prohibits employers from dis-criminating against employees, does not apply to Tribal enterprises. A non- Tribal worker employed by a Tribally- owned casino, for example, cannot file a harassment or discrimination claim in Federal court or with the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission. In-stead, collective bargaining agree-ments fill the gap by including provi-sions that enforce their right to a fair workplace. By stripping their collective bar-gaining rights, this legislation elimi-nates the only recourse that these workers have against discrimination and harassment. This is one of the many unacceptable consequences of this bill. Now, I have two letters. One from the International Brotherhood of Team-sters and one from the American Fed-eration of State, County, and Munic-ipal Employees, both of which raise strong objections to the majority’s at-tempt to exclude workers from the rights enshrined in the National Labor Relations Act. Mr. Speaker, I include these letters in the R
ECORD . 
INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD  
OFTEAMSTERS , Washington, DC, December 6, 2017. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.4 million members of the International Broth-erhood of Teamsters, I am again writing to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\H10JA8.REC H10JA8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H117 January 10, 2018 
express our strong opposition to H.R. 986, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. This legisla-tion would exempt all Tribally-owned and -operated commercial enterprises on Indian lands broadly defined from the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). We urge you to vote no when the House considers this legis-lation. If H.R. 986 were to become law, hundreds of thousands of workers at these enterprises, including Teamsters, would be stripped of their protections and rights under the NLRA, including the right to organize and collective bargaining. It would deprive both Tribal members and non-member employees of the right to form or join unions and to bargain collectively for better wages, hours, and working conditions. We should be work-ing to expand the rights and ability of work-ers to earn a decent living for themselves and their families and to secure a safe and healthy workplace. While Tribal casinos have been the focus of discussion, this legislation affects not just casino workers. Since the 1980’s Tribes have expanded business interests beyond casinos. They now operate many different revenue producing commercial enterprises—construc-tion companies, mining operations, and power plants, to hotels, water parks and ski resorts, to name a few. In 2004, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) (in San Manuel) ruled that Tribal casino workers should have NLRA protections. Shortly after the San Manuel decision, legislation, in the form of amend-ments, was twice offered to block the NLRB from enforcing the San Manuel decision. These amendments were rejected. Since then, the NLRB has proceeded in a measured fashion asserting jurisdiction on a case-by- case basis. The NLRB will not assert juris-diction where it would interfere with inter-nal governance rights in purely intramural matters or abrogate treaty rights. Other-wise, the NLRB will protect workers’ rights at tribally owned enterprises by asserting ju-risdiction. With its case-by-case approach, San Manuel takes a careful approach to bal-ancing of tribal sovereignty interests with Federal labor law. It should be noted that other important federal laws that protect workers apply to Indian businesses, such as the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act, and Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act. Indeed, courts have denied attempts to gain exemp-tions on numerous occasions ruling commer-cial tribal enterprises should not be excluded from such laws. NLRA rights and protections should not be treated differently. Proponents assert that they are seeking the same exemption as state and local gov-ernments. However, this is inaccurate, The NLRA only exempts actual government em-ployees and not private sector employees performing contracted out government func-tions. Also, a substantial majority of work-ers at these enterprises are not Indian or Tribe members, and thus have no ability to influence tribal governance, since non-tribal members are prohibited from petitioning a tribe. The bill could also undermine enforcement of existing labor contracts and the decision workers made to organize and bargain col-lectively. When a collective bargaining agreement expires, a Tribe could unilater-ally terminate the relationship with the union without consequence under the NLRA. The employer’s obligation. to bargain could be eliminated. Employees of tribal enterprises have no constitutional rights to protect against em-ployers. Only the NLRA gives them free speech rights. Absent the NLRA they have no protection. Workers cannot be left with-out any legally enforceable right to form unions and bargain collectively just because they are employed at tribally owned enter-prise. Finally, the United States requires its trading partners to implement and abide by internationally recognized labor standards, while H.R. 986 deprives workers at these trib-al enterprises of these core rights—the right to organize and bargain collectively. To focus solely on the NLRA raises the question of the true motivation for this leg-islation. It is regrettable that the principle of tribal sovereignty is being used to cloak an attack on the basic rights of workers to organize and bargain collectively. The Team-sters Union respects tribal sovereignty. How-ever, we do not believe that this principle should be used to deny workers their collec-tive bargaining rights and freedom of asso-ciation. We urge you to oppose the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act and to VOTE NO on H.R. 986 when the legislation comes to a vote in the House of Representatives. Sincerely, J
AMES P. H OFFA , General President. 
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF STATE , C
OUNTY AND MUNICIPAL EMPLOY -
EES, AFL–CIO, Washington, DC, January 9, 2018. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.6 million members of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), I am writing to urge to oppose S. 140, as currently amended to expand the ex-emption of employers under the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). S. 140, as amended, is Just another attempt at passing the so-called Tribal Sovereignty Act, which would deny protection under the NLRA to many workers employed by tribal- owned and -operated enterprises on Indian land. A great majority of these workers are not Native Americans and in recent years there has been a substantial expansion of en-terprises that would be impacted by this leg-islation, including not only casinos, but min-ing operations, power plants, saw mills, ski resorts, high-tech firms, hotels, and spas. AFSCME supports the principle of sov-ereignty for tribal governments, but does not believe that this principle should be used to deny workers their collective bargaining rights and freedom of association. We oppose any effort to exempt on an across-the-board basis all tribal enterprises from the NLRA, without regard to a specific review of all the circumstances, as is currently provided by National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) standards. Workers must not be left without any legally enforceable right to form unions and bargain collectively, especially in in-stances where they are working for commer-cial operations competing with other busi-nesses. AFSCME strongly urges you to oppose S. 140, as amended, when it comes before the House for a vote. Sincerely, S
COTT FREY, Director of Federal Government Affairs. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I strong-ly urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in summary, this Fed-eral Government has had a very spotty record over the many decades of its treatment of Native American Indian Tribes in this Nation, and for us to not act in order to countermand what the National Labor Relations Board has done on its own would be a mistake. It would be wrongheaded, in that if we are going to have the types of rela-tions, these government-to-government relations with Indian Tribes in this country, that level of respect, then Congress needs to act, Congress needs to maintain that relation. So for local governments, State gov-ernments to have this protection from the NLRA and the Tribes not to, then we would be making a severe mistake to not take action here today with this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support for all portions of S. 140 today, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 21⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I respect and support Tribal sov-ereignty. I also support workers’ rights to unionize and collective bargaining to improve their workplace and the lives of their families. Those rights must be balanced, but they are not in this bill. Union members have a collective voice to fight for higher wages, better benefits, safer workplaces, fewer inju-ries, fewer deaths, lower rates of gen-der-based violence. After Unite Here, a union, found that 58 percent of hotel workers and 77 per-cent of casino workers in the Chicagoland, where I am from, had been sexually harassed, they won a contract that includes panic buttons to protect workers. Labor rights are fundamental, but under this bill, workers at Tribally- owned businesses, casinos and hotels, construction, and other industries would lose those rights. Remember, three out of four workers employed in Tribal casinos are not Tribal members. Those workers could end up with no way to bargain for fair wages, appeal unfair disciplinary ac-tion, or act against sexual harassment. Looking at a similar bill in the last Congress, the International Labour Or-ganization stated: ‘‘It would appear likely that an exclusion of certain workers from the National Labor Rela-tions Act and its mechanisms would give rise to a failure to ensure to these workers their fundamental freedom of association rights absent any assur-ances that there were Tribal labor laws that provide the same rights to all workers.’’ Mr. Speaker, there is no such re-quirement in this bill. Protect workers. Reject this unfair and unbalanced bill. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the opinion from the International Labour Office. 
INTERNATIONAL LABOUR OFFICE , Gene`ve 22. Mr. R.L. T
RUMKA , President, AFL–CIO, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. TRUMKA : I acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 22 October 2015 request-ing an informal opinion and guidance from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.025 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH118 January 10, 2018 
the International Labour Organization in re-spect of a Bill being considered by the United States Congress. In particular, you have raised concerns about the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act (H.R. 511) which you state would deny pro-tection under the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) of a large number of workers employed by tribal-owned and tribal-oper-ated enterprises located on tribal territory and ask for the informal opinion of the Office as to whether such an exclusion of workers employed on tribal lands would be in con-formity with the principles of freedom of As-sociation which are at the core of the ILO Constitution and the ILO’s Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. In conformity with the regular procedure concerning requests for an informal opinion from the International Labour Office in re-spect of draft legislation and its possible im-pact on international labour standards and principles, the views set out below should in no way be considered as prejudging any com-ments or observations that might be made by the ILO supervisory bodies within the framework of their examination of the appli-cation of ratified international labour stand-ards or principles on freedom of association. Your links to committee reports of the congressional majority and minority and other background information have enabled the Office to consider the views of the par-ties both for and against the proposed amendment and they all appear to confirm recognition of the United States’ obligation to uphold freedom of association and collec-tive bargaining. While the proponents of the Bill assert that this can be achieved through the labour relations’ regimes autonomously determined by the tribal nations, the oppo-nents—and you yourself in your request— maintain that excluding tribal lands from the NLRA will in effect result in a loss (or at the very least inadequate protection) of their trade union rights. Not only do you refer to tribal labour relations ordinances which in your view provide inadequate protections in this regard, but you also refer to instances where there are no tribal labour relations or-dinances at all. While elements of indigenous peoples’ sov-ereignty have been invoked by the pro-ponents of this Bill, the central question re-volves around the manner in which the United States Government can best assure throughout its territory the full application of the fundamental principles of freedom of association and collective bargaining. From an ILO perspective, while the variety of mechanisms for ensuring freedom of associa-tion and collective bargaining rights may differ depending on distinct sectoral consid-erations or devolution of labour competence, it is critical that the State (the national au-thority) takes ultimate responsibility for en-suring respect for freedom of association and collective bargaining rights throughout its territory. As you have indicated, the 2004 San Manuel Indian Bingo and Casino decision assures possible recourse to the National Labor Re-lations Board (NLRB), an overarching mech-anism aimed at ensuring the protection of freedom of association, while also maintain-ing deference to the sovereign interests of the tribal nations so as to avoid touching on exclusive rights of self-governance. Full abdication of review via an exclusion from the scope of the NLRA for all workers employed on tribal lands as described might make it very difficult for the United States Government to assure the fundamental trade union rights of workers. In cases like those mentioned where there are no tribal labour relations ordinances, undue restrictions on collective bargaining, excessive limitations on freedom of association rights or lack of protection from unfair labour practices, workers on tribal territories would be left without any remedy for violation of their fundamental freedom of association rights, short of a constitutional battle. Further-more, the exclusion proposed, with no ave-nue for federal review or overarching mecha-nism for appeal should there be an alleged violation of freedom of association, would give rise to discrimination in relation to the protection of trade union rights which would affect both indigenous and non-indigenous workers simply on the basis of their work-place location. Given the concerns that you have raised, it would be critically important that, at the very least, a complete legal and comparative review be undertaken to support assurances that all rights, mechanisms and remedies for the full protection of internationally recog-nized freedom of association rights are avail-able to all workers on all tribal lands. In the absence of such assurances, it would appear likely that an exclusion of certain workers from the NLRA and its mechanisms would give rise to a failure to ensure to these work-ers their fundamental freedom of association rights. In accordance with ILO procedure con-cerning requests for informal opinions on draft legislation, this communication will also be brought to the attention of the United States Government and the rep-resentative employers’ organization, the US Council for International Business. Yours sincerely, C
ORINNE VARGHA , Director of the International Labour Standards Department. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 140, the Tribal Labor Sov-ereignty Act, a provision in the pend-ing legislation that will end the Na-tional Labor Relations Board’s alarm-ing overreach into businesses operated on sovereign Tribal lands. In March of 2017, the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, which I have the privilege of chairing, held a hearing on this legisla-tion and heard from Native American business leaders on how the NLRB’s ar-bitrary use of its jurisdiction had been harming businesses large and small on Tribal lands. Leaders of the Native American com-munity testified before the sub-committee on how the NLRB had med-dled in the day-to-day operations and management of Native American busi-nesses, often dragging out matters for years. To make matters worse, the pro-ceedings led by the NLRB are creating burdensome legal costs for businesses who are seeking to provide high-qual-ity goods and services to Native Amer-ican communities. While members of the NLRB have changed and have begun to make great progress in reversing some of the Board’s most damaging decisions, Con-gress needs to make it clear that Trib-al labor sovereignty must be safe from future Washington overreach. The Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act will clarify the National Labor Rela-tions Act and reverse the troubling en-croachment of the Federal Government on Tribal lands. Congress has the opportunity here to stand up for sovereign rights of Native Americans and the businesses they own and operate on their lands. These Tribes have created their own system of labor protections for employees and employers consistent with their lands and traditions, and it is not for Wash-ington bureaucrats to tamper with those protections. I urge my colleagues to support the sovereignty of all Native American Tribes and pass the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ). Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the bill before us that takes away National Labor Relations Act protections for hundreds of thousands of workers. I support Tribal sovereignty. In my home State of Wisconsin, I am proud the Ho-Chunk Nation is in my district. Potawatomi, Oneida, Menominee, St. Croix, Stockbridge-Munsee, Lac du Flambeau, Lac Corte Oreilles, Red Cliff, Bad River, and other Tribes all reside in my home State, and I am glad to support the autonomy of those Trib-al nations. But this bill isn’t about Tribal sovereignty. It is about going after workers’ rights. Look at the track record of the ma-jority in this Congress. The Repub-licans have continued to go after work-ers’ rights, as they have so far. They have repealed the rule that required companies seeking large Federal con-tracts to disclose violations of labor law. They made it harder for people whose jobs are shipped overseas to get unemployment insurance. They have made it harder for workers whose em-ployers don’t offer retirement plans to save for retirement. They have re-pealed an OSHA rule requiring employ-ers to maintain accurate records of se-rious workplace injuries for 5 years, while the administration drastically reduces the number of OSHA inspec-tors. This bill isn’t about meaningful sov-ereignty. It is about selective sov-ereignty, because it only goes after labor rights. If this were a bill about sovereignty, it would include a number of other areas that Tribes are compelled to fol-low in addition to the National Labor Relations Act: the Occupational Safety and Health Act; the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act, ERISA; the Family and Medical Leave Act; and the public accommodations of Americans with Disabilities Act, just to start. If this bill was about sovereignty, it would exempt OSHA and ERISA and the FMLA and the ADA, for starters. But it doesn’t do that. This bill only exempts labor protections for hundreds of thousands of workers, Tribal mem-bers and nonmembers, because the ma-jority in this Congress isn’t really wor-ried about sovereignty. It is concerned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.028 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H119 January 10, 2018 
about taking away the rights of work-ers, and that is what this bill is really about. Mr. Speaker, if this body wants to help Tribes, I am here to help. Bring a bill to the floor that covers all exempt-ed areas, and that is a bill that I could support. But that is not what is in front of us today. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  letters of opposition from the Inter-national Union of Operating Engineers, the United Auto Workers, United Food and Commercial Workers, and Unite Here. 
INTERNATIONAL UNION OF  O
PERATING ENGINEERS , Washington, DC, January 8, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : The International Union of Operating Engi-neers opposes the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, legislation contained in S. 140 (115–54) that would eliminate the labor protections currently guaranteed to hundreds of thou-sands of American workers. Indeed, if en-acted into law, this bill would constitute the biggest rollback in labor law since the pas-sage of the Taft-Hartley Act in 1947. The International Union of Operating En-gineers (IUOE) represents nearly 400,000 men and women across North America. Members of the International Union of Operating En-gineers maintain and operate Native Amer-ican and non-Native American gaming facili-ties around the United States, from Con-necticut to California, and this legislation would have a dramatic effect on their lives and livelihoods. The IUOE is the second-big-gest union in the hospitality sector. But this legislation extends beyond casinos and gam-ing. IUOE members work in mining and en-ergy facilities on Native American lands in a number of locations, and those workers even-tually could lose their rights as a result of this legislation. In a few short words, this bill changes cur-rent law by exempting the National Labor Relations Act from tribal enterprises on tribal lands. Today, the National Labor Re-lations Board (Board) implements a case-by- case review of whether labor law applies to tribal enterprises. The precedent-setting case that comes from the San Manuel Band of Mission Indi-ans is instructive. The Tribe operated a 92,000–sq.ft. casino (over two acres), with 1,400 employees. Only five of the workers were Native American. The Board deter-mined that this large commercial establish-ment should not receive the exemption from labor law provided to states and local gov-ernment because its operations were fun-damentally different than a government. The San Manuels were not providing a public good to members of the tribe. They were not behaving like a government. Instead, the Board determined that when the tribal oper-ation in question is commercial in nature, employs significant numbers of non-Indians, and caters to a non-Native American clien-tele, ‘‘the special attributes of sovereignty are not implicated.’’ The Board determined that private labor law applies to the San Manuel casino, just as it would with any other commercial operation. Federal courts have supported this interpretation. Sov-ereignty does, however, apply to govern-mental functions of the tribe, just as they would with any state government. If passed, the exemption from labor law would unfairly advantage commercial tribal operations at the expense of non-Native American private-sector companies. Com-petitors with Native American commercial operations must comply with labor law; Na-tive American operations will not. As men-tioned above, the bill’s reach extends well beyond the gaming industry. Tribes are en-gaged in a variety of commercial enterprises, from mining and energy development, to manufacturing and construction. Over time, it is reasonable to expect that tribal enter-prises will expand and compete more aggres-sively with non-Native companies in a wide variety of commercial sectors, without any concern for the rights of workers. Tribal labor law is woefully inadequate— virtually non-existent in most tribes around the country. It is no replacement for the na-tion’s basic legal framework that protects workers’ rights. Eliminating the NLRA for tribal enterprises will strip away freedoms guaranteed to Americans today, including hundreds of thousands of workers at tribal casinos who are not Native American. S. 140 (115–54) would immediately eliminate the rights of thousands of Operating Engineers in workplaces all over the United States. The International Union of Operating En-gineers opposes S. 140 (115–54), which elimi-nates nearly one-million workers’ individual right to take collective action to improve their working conditions, and respectfully urges you to oppose it when it comes to the floor of the House of Representatives on Wednesday. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, J
AMES T. C ALLAHAN , General President. 
INTERNATIONAL UNION, U NITED  A
UTOMOBILE , AEROSPACE AND AG-
RICULTURAL IMPLEMENT WORKERS  
OFAMERICA —UAW, Washington, DC, January 9, 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the more than one million active and retired members of the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Im-plement Workers of America (UAW), I urge you to vote against S. 140, because it in-cludes provisions from the Tribal Labor Sov-ereignty Act (H.R. 986). This misguided bill would deny protection under the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) to hundreds of thousands of workers employed by tribal ca-sinos. This legislation could also impact doz-ens of other businesses, including power plants, mining operations, and hotels. UAW believes strongly in tribal sov-ereignty and has a strong record of sup-porting civil rights. This bill, however, is misleading. It is an attack on fundamental collective bargaining rights and would strip workers in commercial enterprises of their rights and protections under the NLRA. Under the terms of this bill, when a labor contract expires, a tribe could unilaterally terminate the bargaining relationship with the union without legal consequence under the NLRA, because the employer’s obligation to bargain could be eliminated. As a result of having a union and a legally binding con-tract, hundreds of dealers have been pro-moted to benefited and supervisory positions because of provisions in the contract that maintain minimum percentages of full-time, part-time, and supervisory positions. Work rules, wages, and benefits have all improved because of the right to collectively bargain. This bill would jeopardize these hard-fought gains. The Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act seeks to overturn a decision by the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) in San Manuel In-dian Bingo and Casino, 341 NLRB No. 138 (2004). In that decision, the Board concluded that applying the NLRA would not interfere with the tribe’s autonomy and the effects of the NLRA would not ‘‘extend beyond the tribe’s business enterprise and regulate in-tramural matters.’’ The ruling does not apply in instances where its application would ‘‘touch exclusive rights of self-govern-ance in purely intramural matters’’ or ‘‘ab-rogate Indian treaty rights.’’ The NLRB has taken a nuanced view on this matter and has ruled on a case-by-case basis. Congressional interference is not justified. Supporters of the bill argue that the bill creates parity for the tribes with state and local governments who are not covered under the NLRA. However, there are some signifi-cant differences. Tribes are exempt from em-ployment laws (Title VII of the Civil Rights Act) that apply to state and local govern-ments, whereas private sector contractors work extensively on behalf of state and local governments and generally must comply with the NLRA. Non-tribal members cannot petition a tribe for labor legislation, while workers employed by a state or local govern-ment have a voice with their elected leaders. This is significant because 75 percent of Na-tive American gaming employees are not tribal members. At Foxwoods, where the UAW represents the workers, well over 98 percent of employees and patrons are not tribal members. Hundreds of tribal gaming facilities make tens of billions in revenue annually, and these employees are working for what is simply a commercial operation competing with non-tribal businesses. At a time of growing wealth inequality and a shrinking middle class, the last thing Con-gress should do is deprive workers of their le-gally enforceable right to form unions and bargain collectively. We urge you to oppose S. 140. Sincerely, JOSHNASSAR , Legislative Director. 
UFCW, Washington, DC, January 9, 2018. To All Members of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.3 million members of United Food and Com-mercial Workers International Union (UFCW), I am writing to express our strong opposition to the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act as rolled into a bill that will be reported as S. 140. UFCW is proud to represent 1,000 members at casinos that operate on tribal lands. These workers have joined together to bar-gain collectively for good wages, decent ben-efits, and a voice on the job. Passage of the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act would take that voice away. We support sovereignty for tribal govern-ments, but the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act is so broad that it would prevent any worker from exercising their freedom of association under the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). The vast majority tribal casino workers are not tribal members and there-fore have no voice in tribal policy and are not protected under tribal law. Most federal laws protecting the workplace apply to tribal businesses including the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA), the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), and NLRA. The NLRA should not be treated any differently than these other im-portant laws that protect workers. There are many differences between state and local governments and tribal businesses. State and local governments do not operate multi-billion dollar commercial Enterprises, nor manage enterprises where the majority of the employees and customers are from outside of the jurisdiction. If working people don’t like state and local government policy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.065 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH120 January 10, 2018 
they can change management by voting for different lawmakers, while non-tribal em-ployees and customers have no meaningful way to influence tribal policy. Congress should be working to expand the rights of American workers, not take them away. We urge you to stand up for American workers and oppose the Tribal Labor Sov-ereignty Act. Sincerely, A
NTHONY M. P ERRONE , International President. 
UNITE HERE!, Las Vegas, NV D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : UNITE HERE rep-resents over 275,000 hardworking men and women in the hospitality industry and strongly urges you to oppose the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act (H.R. 986). Like most Americans, our members have a deep respect for Native Americans and their role in shaping our nation. Our members also have a deep and abiding respect for the rights of American workers and to uphold the laws that govern our nation and all of its citizens. This brings me to H.R. 986. This bill would exempt all businesses owned and operated by Indian nations from the National Labor Re-lations Act (NLRA). Tribal businesses, in-cluding but not limited to Indian-owned ca-sinos, have workforces and customers that are almost all non-Indian. If this bill were to become law, American citizens working for Native American businesses would lose their U.S. rights under the NLRA, including ‘‘full freedom of association’’ and ‘‘self-organiza-tion’’ without ‘‘discrimination.’’ Over the last 30 years, as Indian enterprises entered the stream of interstate commerce, a num-ber of federal laws protecting the workplace have been applied to Indian businesses: Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA), Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), and National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). Congress should not treat the rights Americans have under the NLRA any dif-ferently than these other important laws that protect American workers. Much has been made of the need for this bill to give tribal governments ‘‘parity’’ with state and local governments. This compari-son is misleading, if not absurd. States and local governments do not typically operate multi-billion dollar commercial enterprises. States and local governments do not typi-cally run enterprises where the over-whelming majority of the government’s em-ployees are from outside of their jurisdiction and the overwhelming majority of customers are also from outside of their jurisdiction. In a state or locality, if the citizens who live there don’t like the government’s policies, they can vote for people to change those policies. The non-tribal employees and cus-tomers have no meaningful way to influence tribal policies. In this time of incredible income inequal-ity in our country, Congress should be work-ing to expand the rights of American work-ers, not finding ways to take them away. H.R. 986 is no different than the laws signed by Governors Scott Walker (R-WI) and Rick Snyder (R-MI): they attack the basic rights of workers to organize and collectively bar-gain. Please stand up for American workers and join our union to oppose H.R. 986. Sincerely, D. T
AYLOR . 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the fact of those in opposition, but 150 Tribes and individuals from the Native Americans that are asking for this stand in support of this, and we are delighted to listen to that and work for a solution here. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the chairwoman of the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee. b1715 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the adoption of the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, an important and long overdue provision included in this legislation before us today. For nearly 70 years, the National Labor Relations Board respected the sovereignty of Native American Tribes throughout the country and allowed the Tribes to adjudicate labor issues within the laws and standards of each Tribe. However, in 2004, the NLRB began to change its longstanding prac-tices and adopted subjective tests to determine when it wanted to assert its jurisdiction in matters involving Na-tive American Tribes. These subjective tests are applied on an arbitrary, case-by-case basis and are having an impact on Tribal businesses that are operated on sovereign Tribal lands. Tribal business leaders have been asking Congress to respect their sovereign rights and end the NLRB’s inconsistent and misguided decisions when it comes to labor decisions deal-ing with Tribal businesses. The Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, sponsored by Representative T
ODD R
OKITA , a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, stops the NLRB from picking winners and losers when it comes to matters deal-ing with Tribal businesses and ends the bureaucratic overreach conducted by the NLRB in recent years. Most importantly, this legislation protects the sovereignty Native Ameri-cans deserve and ensures that Tribes have control over their own labor rela-tions and, ultimately, determine what works best for workplaces on Tribal lands. Bipartisan support for Tribal sov-ereignty has been reaffirmed time and again by Congress, and for more than 180 years, the Supreme Court has held that Tribes possess a nationhood status and retain inherent powers of self-gov-ernment. It is time that we strip unelected bureaucrats of the power they abuse and respect the rights of Native American Tribes. I wish to thank Representative T
ODD R
OKITA for introducing and cham-pioning the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act and urge Members to support this important clarification to Federal law. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, will you advise as to how much time is left on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ). The gentleman from Virginia has 15
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gen-tleman from Michigan has 9
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), the ranking member of the Appropriations Sub-committee on Energy and Water Devel-opment, and Related Agencies. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill. It was in 1935 that this body enacted the National Labor Relations Act. It guaranteed basic rights to private sec-tor workers to organize into trade unions, to engage in contractual bar-gaining for decent wages and better conditions at work, and to take joint action, if necessary. But in 1935, just like today, here, 2018, the Republican Party and busi-ness interests vehemently opposed pas-sage of any laws that help workers. Little has changed. Once again our Re-publican colleagues trample on the backs of workers. This legislation rolls back proven protections that allow wages to rise in places like California, and their casi-nos, from $10 an hour to $13 an hour. Now, these modest pay increases have helped elevate the workers who work in those casinos above the Federal pov-erty level. Who has ever tried to buy a house in California or tried to live on $13 an hour or $10 an hour? You are not talk-ing about a whole lot of money there, especially from a party that just gave $1 trillion away to the people at the very top. But with this bill, our Republican colleagues chose to strip these hun-dreds of thousands of workers, the ma-jority of whom are not members of Tribes but work in those casinos, of de-cent wages and their right to a voice in the workplace. Wow. Beneath their sheepskin costumes hides another Republican attack on worker rights in this country, this time under the guise of Tribal sov-ereignty. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I yield the gentlewoman from Ohio an additional 1 minute. Ms. KAPTUR. Let me remind my col-leagues though, throughout our Na-tional Labor Relations Board’s history, it has never and will not assert juris-diction where it would interfere with a Tribe’s internal governance rights in purely intramural matters. So I urge my colleagues to oppose this bad bill. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the strong opposition to it from the United Steelworkers of America and from the Communications Workers of America. As a proud daughter of labor, I am proud to stand here today in oppo-sition to this bill. 
UNITED STEELWORKERS , Pittsburgh, PA, January 9, 2018. Re United Steelworkers oppose inclusion of anti-worker H.R. 986, Tribal Labor Sov-ereignty Act of 2017 in S. 140. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 850,000 members of the United Steelworkers (USW), we strongly urge you to oppose S. 140 on the House floor this week. Rather than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.029 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H121 January 10, 2018 
being identical to the Senate bill, this version includes the anti-worker and un-democratic Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2017 (H.R. 986). H.R. 986 would exempt all employees of fed-erally recognized Native American-owned commercial enterprises operated on Indian lands from the protections of the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) and would au-thorize over 567 distinct and separate labor law jurisdictions in the United States. To be absolutely clear, this legislation strips workers—both Native American and non-Native American—of their NLRA protec-tions. While some organizations have falsely attempted to paint tribal governments as similar entities to states (which are exempt from the NLRA), tribal governments are sub-stantially different than states in one key democratic principal: state governments allow workers an ability to vote for their legislators no matter their ancestry, while most tribal governments require blood quan-tum or lineal descent to determine who is el-igible for membership or citizenship. Simply put, if H.R. 986 becomes law by in-clusion in S. 140, U.S. citizens working in the United States for tribal commercial enter-prises would not be able to vote for the elect-ed representatives who set their labor laws. These workers will lose the ability to peti-tion the government that oversees their working conditions. The gaming industry, which is an employer for approximately 246 of the 567 federally rec-ognized American Indian tribes; has over 600,000 casino workers on tribal lands, the overwhelming majority of whom are not Na-tive Americans. In 2011 before the Senate In-dian Affairs Committee, the National Indian Gaming Commission testified that the vast majority of employees (up to 75 percent) were non-tribal members. Our union understands the importance of the principle of tribal sovereignty; however the fundamental human rights of employees are not the exclusive concern of tribal enter-prises or tribal governments. As the Inter-national Labor Organization highlighted in a letter on a previous version of this bill, ‘‘it is critical that the State (the national author-ity) takes ultimate responsibility for ensur-ing respect for freedom of association and collective bargaining rights throughout its territory’’. That is why we believe the cur-rent test set by the NLRB is the best course of action until labor laws are strengthened in the United States. In 2004, the NLRB under the Bush Adminis-tration ruled for the first time that Tribal casino workers should have the benefit of NLRA protections, San Manuel, 341 NLRB No. 138 (2204). Yet, since the San Manuel rul-ing, the NLRB has asserted jurisdiction on a case-by-case basis. In 2015, the NLRB de-clined jurisdiction citing the 1830 Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek and 1866 Treaty of Washington stating: ‘‘We have no doubt that asserting jurisdic-tion over the Casino and the Nation would effectuate the policies of the Act. However, because we find that asserting jurisdiction would abrogate treaty rights specific to the Nation.’’ Chickasaw Nation Windstar World Casino, 362 NLRB 109 92015). Similarly the NLRB declined jurisdiction: ‘‘. . . when an Indian tribe is fulfilling a traditionally tribal or governmental func-tion that is unique to its status, fulfilling just such a unique governmental function [providing free health care services solely to tribal members],’’ Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation, 341 NLRB 139 (2004). The NLRB has developed a reasonable and responsible test to determine jurisdiction. H.R. 986 creates significant confusion and ju-risdictional issues over labor law enforce-ment and grossly undermines worker’s rights. Our union urges you to oppose S. 140, with the inclusion of H.R. 986, and asks you to instead work to expand worker’s rights not restrict them further. Sincerely, L
EOW. G ERARD , International President. 
JANUARY 9, 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the members and officers of the Communications Workers of America (CWA), I am writing to express our strong opposition to S. 140. CWA has no objections whatsoever to Sections 1 and 2 of the bill as amended. Unfortunately, these non-controversial, sensible bills have been hijacked to also pass H.R. 986, a bill that would strip hundreds of thousands of workers at tribal-owned and -operated enter-prises of their protections for the right to bargain collectively. H.R. 986 seeks to overturn a National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) decision in San Manuel Indian Bingo and Casino, which applied the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) to a tribal casino enterprise. The NLRB’s finding in San Manuel adopted a test to determine whether the NLRA is applica-ble to businesses operating on tribal lands— if it would ‘‘touch exclusive rights of self- governance in purely intramural matters’’ or ‘‘abrogate Indian treaty rights,’’ the NLRA would not apply, but otherwise the decision will be based on a series of factors including whether an entity is a purely commercial en-terprise or employs or caters to individuals who are not tribal members. The San Manuel test balances two crucial issues—tribal sovereignty and the right of workers to bargain collectively. The test en-sures that truly internal matters of self-gov-ernance will continue to be handled by sov-ereign tribes, while also ensuring that the fundamental rights of workers to organize and advocate for their own interests are properly respected. H.R. 986 would overturn this balance by exempting any enterprise or institution owned and operated by an Indian tribe and located on its land from the re-quirements of the NLRA—or any other guar-antee of workers’ fundamental right to orga-nize and collectively bargain. The practical impact of H.R. 986 would be to exempt a broad swath of businesses from the NLRA, even though, in many cases, they are purely commercial enterprises. For many of these companies—particularly casi-nos—the majority of their workforces are not members of the tribe employing them and therefore do not have full access to in-ternal, tribal mechanisms for grieving issues or petitioning for change in tribal policies. This is why the International Labour Orga-nization stated in 2015 that ‘‘it would appear likely that an exclusion of certain workers from the NLRA and its mechanisms would give rise to a failure to ensure these workers their fundamental freedom of association rights.’’ I urge you to oppose S. 140 as amended and instead work to advance an agenda that pro-tects both workers’ fundamental human right to organize and tribal sovereignty. CWA will consider including votes on this bill in our Congressional Scorecard Thank you in advance for your consideration. Sincerely, S
HANE LARSON , Legislative Director, Communications Workers of America (CWA). 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my colleague from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ) for introducing this very important legislation that restores a simple promise: the sovereign rights of Native Americans will be protected. For almost 70 years following the passage of the National Labor Rela-tions Act, Tribal sovereignty was upheld and Tribes were given the equal right to self-governance enjoyed by our State and local governments. For the Tribes in my district, sovereignty meant the freedom to advance their own economic development and provide critical government services to their Tribal members. With the NLRB’s San Manuel deci-sion, unelected bureaucrats tossed aside this longstanding precedent and began to assert themselves in Tribal matters on an arbitrary, case-by-case basis. The agency granted itself the right to navigate Tribal law and decide when a Tribal enterprise is for com-mercial purposes, a requirement that would never be imposed on revenue- generating activities of State and local governments. As the Federal bureaucracy expands its own power, Tribes face legal confu-sion and uncertainty, hindering their self-sufficiency and the ability to pro-vide for their members. The Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act re-stores the well-established legal stand-ard of Tribal sovereignty. As State and local governments are excluded from the Federal requirements of the NLRA, this bill simply ensures Tribal govern-ments receive equal treatment, not lesser status. It provides our Tribes with needed clarity that, when an en-terprise is owned and operated by the Indian Tribe and located on Tribal land, Tribal sovereignty will be pro-tected. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bipartisan legislation, and I am glad it was included in this package, which I urge my colleagues to support. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the Demo-cratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, what a sad state of affairs. There are scores of critically important issues that need to be considered by this House, not the least of which is funding our govern-ment. We failed to do that, and now we are confronted with a bill that is recy-cled, and we have added two natural re-sources bills on it that could have passed unanimously. I am a big defender of Native Tribes’ rights and sovereignty, and I know that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle remain committed to their sov-ereignty as well. This bill, however, is about undermining the National Labor Relations Act, not about Tribal sov-ereignty. That act, the National Labor Rela-tions Act, safeguards workers’ rights to organize and bargain collectively. Most of my friends on the other side of the aisle are not for that. I know that. I have seen them vote that way. No matter where you work, the basic protections for American workers, however, ought to apply. It is already 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.035 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH122 January 10, 2018 
settled law that the National Labor Relations Act and other worker protec-tion laws apply to businesses even on Tribal lands outside the context of in-herently governmental functions car-ried out by Tribal governments. This was not decided by some faceless bu-reaucrat. This was a court of our land that made this decision. Instead of undermining workers’ rights, this House ought to be moving forward with policies that help our workers and their families make it in America as part of a strong middle class. That means raising wages. It means making childcare more afford-able. It means expanding access to op-portunities like higher education, homeownership, and a secure retire-ment. Those are the issues that Demo-crats continue to be focused on. That is not what this bill focuses on. Instead, Republicans are focused not on helping workers, but trying to pit one group, Tribes, against another group, workers. That is not what we ought to have in this country. And they are attaching popular, non-controversial natural resources bills to this legislation. They have nothing to do with this legislation and would pass overwhelmingly. I am going to vote against this bill, and I hope they will bring the natural resources bills back so we can pass those, as everybody wants to do. This is not the kind of regular order Speaker R
YAN promised when he took the gavel and that Republicans prom-ised when they took the majority. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I yield the gentleman from Maryland an addi-tional 2 minutes. Mr. HOYER. As I said at the begin-ning, we are bringing this bill to the floor, a retread. This is not new legisla-tion that they are offering. The only thing new about it is they put two nat-ural resources bills attached to it. We should be focused, as I said be-fore, on reaching agreement on appro-priation bills, on caps, on protecting DREAMers, on making sure that CHIP children aren’t left aside, not this bill. But those bills aren’t scheduled today, and they are not scheduled next week as far as I know. Maybe the majority leader will give me better information tomorrow. In fact, what we really ought to be working on now, as I say, are those ap-propriation bills. But, under the Re-publican majority, we are still stuck working on fiscal year 2018 when we are already nearly halfway through. I urge my colleagues not to oppose Tribal sovereignty, not to oppose the rights of our Native American brothers and sisters. We are for them, but not to be pitted against workers making a de-cent, acceptable wage so they can live with some quality of life. It is not enough to give the upper 1 percent a huge tax cut and pretend that you are helping the middle class, the workers. In fact, in this bill, you are doing exactly the opposite. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill and stand up for workers, whether they are Native Americans or whoever they may be. Stand up for workers. Re-spect workers. Understand that work-ers made this country great, and they deserve our support and our protection. Defeat this bill. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. ROE), a gentleman who had a distinguished record of supporting and helping and enabling workers. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 140 and its inclusion of H.R. 986, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. There are more than 560 federally recognized Native American Tribes across the United States, and each of these Tribes has a unique history and distinct culture that have helped shape who we are today as a nation. Each Tribe has an inherent right to self-gov-ern, just like any other sovereign gov-ernment does. That right to self-governance is root-ed in the Constitution and has been re-affirmed by courts for almost 200 years. Because of it, Tribal leaders are able to make decisions that affect their people in a way that makes the most sense for their Tribe and best protects the inter-ests of their members—or, rather, they should be able to make those decisions. We are here today because, for the past 14 years, the National Labor Rela-tions Board has ignored longstanding labor policy and involved itself in Trib-al activities. Since its 2004 San Manuel Indian Bingo and Casino decision, the Board has used a subjective test to de-cide on a case-by-case basis whether a Tribal business or Tribal land is for commercial purposes, and, if it is, the Board has asserted its jurisdiction over that business. b1730 Among its other provisions, the bill under consideration would amend the National Labor Relations Act to reaf-firm that the NLRB cannot assert its authority over enterprises or institu-tions owned or operated by a Tribe on Tribal land. It very simply reasserts a legal standard that was in place for decades and returns to Tribes the abil-ity to manage their own labor relations as a sovereign right has. I want to thank my friend and fellow member of the Education and the Workforce Committee from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ) for his leadership on this issue and for continuing to work on those in Congress who have helped lead the fight to protect Tribal sovereignty over the years. It is time for all of us to join that fight and stand with the Native Amer-ican community and restore to Indian Tribes the ability to govern their own labor relations. Mr. Speaker, I am not sure how you support Tribal sovereignty, which, by definition, is a sovereign state, but not allow Tribes to self-govern. I don’t un-derstand that, and I also don’t under-stand, Mr. Speaker, if our friends on the other side of the aisle today are so worried about getting our work done, why I had to leave committee hearings to come over here three times today to vote not adjourning this body. I would like to know that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ). Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, the land of opportunity is right here. It is called the United States of America. But, unfortunately, there is not always a level playing field when it comes to that land of opportunity. This year is the 83rd anniversary of the National Labor Relations Act, the act that gave workers a voice, a voice in the work-place. It gave them the ability to bar-gain—along with their employers—a living wage, pensions, the ability to re-tire with dignity. But today, we are really debating how to hurt workers—that somehow you get treated outside of the reserva-tions in a humane way, where casinos are operating in a very profitable way, but you cross that line, and you are being treated differently. You are being treated less than and doing it all under the guise of Native American sov-ereignty. The vast majority of casinos on their properties are treated with respect by employees. But they were able to get to some folks to introduce this piece that somehow let them try to do it dif-ferently on that line. When we cross it, you are less than. We can take advan-tage of you, and we see that happen time after time. I have been before the NLRB many times, had cases. I won many, but I also lost them. But I always felt as if I was treated fairly. And that is what we should be doing here, treating employ-ees, no matter where you are in this great country, fairly. It has been a dec-ade since we raised the minimum wage. And somehow, we are just looking for no reason to hurt employees. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, we want to respect the sovereign nations, but we can’t pick and choose the way we treat them. Certainly, everybody who works in this great country de-serves an opportunity to be treated fairly. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from the Transport Workers Union of America that talks about being fairly treated. 
TRANSPORT WORKDERS UNION OF  A
MERICA , AFL–CIO, January 10, 2018. V
OTEALERT : VOTENO ON THE TRIBAL LABOR  S
OVEREIGNTY ACT(S. 140) D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the Transport Workers Union of America (TWU), AFL-CIO, we write urging you to oppose the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.068 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H123 January 10, 2018 
Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. This bill (in-troduced as H.R. 986) has been paired with unrelated bills and packaged as part of S. 140, which the House is expected to vote on today. We urge you to oppose the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act by voting NO on S. 140. The Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act would exempt from the protections of the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) workers em-ployed by tribal-owned and -operated com-mercial enterprises located on tribal lands. Under this bill, the NLRA rights and protec-tions would be denied to more than 600,000 tribal casino workers, the vast majority of whom are not Native American. This bill would overturn a 2004 decision by the Bush Administration’s National Labor Relations Board (Board), in which the Board applied the NLRA to a tribal casino (San Manuel Indian Bingo and Casino, 341 NLRB No. 138 (2004)). In reaching this decision, the Board applied a test: the NLRA will not apply if its application would ‘‘touch exclu-sive rights of self-governance in purely in-tramural matters.’’ And, the NLRA will not apply if it would ‘‘abrogate Indian treaty rights.’’ The Board also considered other fac-tors, including that the casino in question was a typical commercial enterprise that ca-tered to non-Native American customers and employed non-Native Americans. While the Board asserted NLRA protections in the San Manuel decision, it ruled the opposite way, denying its jurisdiction in a companion case (Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation, 341 NLRB No. 139 (2004)). We understand the importance of tribal sovereignty and support the principle in true self-governance matters. But the funda-mental human rights of employees are not the exclusive concern of tribal enterprises or tribal governments. While proponents of the bill falsely compare tribal governments to state governments, they miss a glaring truth: while state governments are exempt from NLRA protections, their workers are eligible to vote for those who set their labor laws. But the vast majority of the 600,000 ca-sino workers who would be impacted by the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act are not Native Americans, and therefore have no voice in the selection of those setting tribal policy nor the ability to petition the tribal govern-ment to protect their rights. We object to a sweeping exemption of all tribal enterprises from the NLRA, and be-lieve the test used by the Board to determine whether the NLRA is applicable should re-main. Unfortunately, the Tribal Labor Sov-ereignty Act has been packaged with unre-lated bills in an attempt to pressure support for this particular bill. While TWU has no position on the other bills contained in S. 140, we urge you vote NO in opposition to the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I ask Members to really look inside yourself. Is this the best way to treat employ-ees? Is this how we help lift up all of those workers? I think not, and I urge Members to reject this attempt to hurt workers and not protect sovereignty. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I have the pleasure of yielding 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ), the sponsor of this legislation, as well as the chair of the Sub-committee on Early Childhood, Ele-mentary, and Secondary Education. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. I rise in strong support of this bill which in-cludes a provision identical to the leg-islation that I have been cosponsoring the last two Congresses, H.R. 986, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. I also want to thank all of the Members who came in support of this legislation here today and last Congress from this side of the aisle who stood up for the rights of sovereign nations, our friends, Na-tive Americans, and who made very clear the issue before us today. It was mentioned by the naysayers on the other side of the aisle that the NLRA, the National Labor Relations Act, started in 1935. If you go back to that legislation—and it still exists today in the same form—you see that Federal, State, and local governments are exempted from the act for good reason. This was supposed to always be a pri-vate sector labor relations act and bill. Now, we can argue the pros and cons of that all day long, but that is not the debate here today. The fact of the mat-ter is that governments were specifi-cally exempted. Mr. Speaker, why does that not in-clude our Native American friends who have sovereign nations? You know, I took my two boys—Kathy and I took my two boys, Ryan and Teddy, to a water park this year and last year— two different cities in my district. Those cities operated the water park. They owned it. We paid the fee. We went in. We used it. The employees who worked there— and they were excellent—were exempt from the NLRA. Yet the Democrats who pander to groups left and right are now saying that they are for the sov-ereign rights of the government, of our Native American Tribes, but they say this isn’t that bill. No, it is. It is that simple. You are either for their sovereignty, Mr. Speaker, or you are not. And that is all this bill does. It doesn’t choose between friends. The Democrats do not need to worry. It is either you are for people in believing in their own destiny and manifesting it, or you think that you have to subject them to your will. That is all this bill is about. By the way, I think it is absolutely ridiculous—Dr. ROEasked the question. I won’t ask the question. I will put it in statement form. I think it is absolutely ridiculous that some Members, Mr. Speaker, can come to the floor of the House today and say that this is not an important bill, that the rights of the governments of sovereign nations aren’t important, and that there are other things to do. Yet, three times today, the Demo-crats motioned to adjourn the House, wasting precious legislative time. This bill is supported by more than 150 Tribes. The chamber of commerce sup-ports the bill. Four Democrats cospon-sor the bill, and I thank each of them for it. Last Congress, the bill passed the House with bipartisan support. And, Mr. Speaker, I suspect it will again today. Let’s get this job done. Let’s support our Native American friends. Let’s sup-port the sovereignty of the govern-ments at the Federal, State, and local level. Support this bill, especially sub-section 3. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter in opposition to the bill from the AFL–CIO. 
AFL–CIO L EGISLATIVE ALERT  A
MERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR  
ANDCONGRESS OF INDUSTRIAL OR-
GANIZATIONS , Washington, DC, January 9, 2018. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : The AFL-CIO urges you to oppose the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, H.R. 986, which would deny protection under the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) to a large number of workers em-ployed by tribal-owned and -operated enter-prises located on Indian land. Among these workers are over 600,000 tribal casino work-ers, the vast majority of whom are not Na-tive Americans. In recent years, the number and type of enterprises affected has grown well beyond the gaming industry, and would now include mining operations, power plants, smoke shops, saw mills, construction companies, ski resorts, high-tech firms, ho-tels, and spas. Many of these are commercial businesses that compete with non-Indian en-terprises. As proposed, the Tribal Labor Sov-ereignty Act would strip all workers in these enterprises of their rights and protections under the NLRA. The House bill, introduced by Representa-tive Rokita, would overturn a decision by the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) in San Manuel Indian Bingo & Casino, 341 NLRB No. 138 (2004), which applied the NLRA to a tribal casino enterprise. In San Manuel, the NLRB looked to Supreme Court and cir-cuit court precedent to articulate a test for whether the NLRB should assert jurisdiction over tribal enterprises, whether located on tribal lands or outside them. (Before San Manuel, NLRB jurisdiction was determined based solely on location: On tribal land, the NLRB would forego jurisdiction; off tribal land, the NLRB would assert jurisdiction. Under the San Manuel test, the NLRA will not apply if its application would ‘‘touch ex-clusive rights of self-governance in purely intramural matters.’’ Nor will the NLRA apply if it would ‘‘abrogate Indian treaty rights.’’ The Board in San Manuel also con-sidered other factors, including whether the casino in question was a typical commercial enterprise, employed non-Native Americans, and catered to non-Native American cus-tomers. In San Manuel, the Board concluded that applying the NLRA would not interfere with the tribe’s autonomy, and the effects of the NLRA would not ‘‘extend beyond the tribe’s business enterprise and regulate intramural matters.’’ However, the test articulated in San Manuel provides a careful balancing of tribal sovereignty interests with the NLRA’s federal labor law protections. In a com-panion case, Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corp., 341 NLRB No. 139 (2004), the Board tipped the balance the other way and didn’t assert jurisdiction. The AFL-CIO supports the principle of sov-ereignty for tribal governments, but does not believe that employers should use this prin-ciple to deny workers their collective bar-gaining rights and freedom of association. While the AFL-CIO continues to support the concept of tribal sovereignty in truly inter-nal, self-governance matters, it is in no posi-tion to repudiate fundamental human rights that belong to every worker in every nation. Workers cannot be left without any legally enforceable right to form unions and bargain collectively in instances where they are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.030 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH124 January 10, 2018 
working for a tribal enterprise which is sim-ply a commercial operation competing with non-tribal businesses. The International Labour Organization (ILO), an agency of the United Nations, has confirmed this view in response to a question about whether excluding (from the NLRA) workers employed on tribal lands would con-form with principles of freedom of associa-tion. These values are at the core of the ILO Constitution and the ILO’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. The Director for the International Labour Standards Division wrote that in the absence of tribal ordinances offering full protection of internationally recognized rights, ‘‘it is critical that the State (the national author-ity) takes ultimate responsibility for ensur-ing respect for freedom of association and collective bargaining rights throughout its territory.’’ In other words, if the tribes themselves don’t guarantee these basic rights—and many do not, the U.S. govern-ment must not abdicate its responsibility to protect them. Notwithstanding the importance of the principle of tribal sovereignty, the funda-mental human rights of employees are not the exclusive concern of tribal enterprises or tribal governments. In fact, the vast major-ity of employees of these commercial enter-prises, such as casinos, are not Native Amer-icans. They therefore have no voice in set-ting tribal policy and no recourse to tribal governments for the protection of their rights. The AFL-CIO opposes any effort to exempt on an across-the-board basis all tribal enter-prises from the NLRA, without undertaking a specific review of all the circumstances—as current NLRB standards provide. Where the enterprise employs mainly Native American employees with mainly Native American customers, and involves self-governance or intramural affairs, leaving the matter to tribal governments may be appropriate. However, where the business employs pri-marily non-Native American employees and caters to primarily non-Native American customers, there is no basis for depriving employees of their rights and protections under the National Labor Relations Act. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM SAMUEL , Director, Government Affairs Department. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, a lot has been said about State and local being exempt and Tribes not being exempt. Well, that was a decision made way back when. The law specifi-cally exempts State and local. Maybe it should; maybe it didn’t; but it did. Tribes were not specifically exempted. So in conclusion, this bill will strip hundreds of thousands of employees of the right to join a union. Where some Tribes have Tribal labor ordinances that are fair and workable, others do not. And at least one expressly pro-hibits the formation of unions. There is no principal basis for exclud-ing these workers from coverage under labor law just because they happen to work in a commercial enterprise on Tribal lands. If this bill will come into law, it will be the first rollback of workers’ rights under Federal law in over 70 years, and it may well place the United States in violation of several international trade agreements. For that reason, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the legisla-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this has been a telling debate. Again, I think the key question here, as has been asked by so many col-leagues: Are Native American Tribes government entities; are they sov-ereign? The only answer that we can respond with is: Absolutely, yes. They are sovereign. This is not an issue de-bating NLRB or NLRA. It is going back to what we have established already that, in fact, a sovereign nation, just like a State or local government, is free from the intervention of NLRB. In this case, a sovereign nation has that right. Just as a reminder, over 150 Native American organizations have asked for this legislative effort to be achieved. Why? Because it was working fine up until 2004, and NLRB then came arbitrarily in—sometimes yes, some-times not—intervening, but, ulti-mately, they were changing the system in place. While we are moving back to letting the sovereignty reign in these Native American Tribes, yet we need to make it very clear for the future and not go back to what has precipitated this change. The bill amends the National Labor Relations Act to clarify that the law does not apply to any enterprise or in-stitution owned and operated by an In-dian Tribe and located on Tribal land. It protects the sovereignty of Native American Tribes, reaffirming they are afforded the same rights and protec-tions enjoyed by State and local gov-ernment. It ensures Tribes have control over their labor relations and can determine what is best for the workplaces. It eliminates legal confusion and uncer-tainty that is hindering the ability of Tribal governments to serve their citi-zens. Mr. Speaker, that is what it does. It reasserts and reaffirms what we have already said in law. And for that rea-son, I ask my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 681, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of S. 140 will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 4567; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 239, noes 173, not voting 19, as follows: [Roll No. 11] AYES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Sanford Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—173 
Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.034 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H125 January 10, 2018 
Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro Demings Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McEachin McGovern McKinley Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
NOT VOTING—19 
Adams Brooks (IN) Carbajal Cummings DeSaulnier Gabbard Gaetz Hanabusa Jenkins (WV) Kind McHenry McNerney Nolan Scalise Scott, David Shuster Turner Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
b1809 Messrs. CROWLEY, KATKO, and SMITH of New Jersey changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. HECK, BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico, and ZELDIN changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DHS OVERSEAS PERSONNEL ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4567) to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas per-sonnel enhancement plan, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 0, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 12] YEAS—415 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—16 
Adams Carbajal Cummings DeSaulnier Gabbard Gaetz Hanabusa Jenkins (WV) Kind McHenry McNerney Nolan Scalise Shuster Turner Wilson (FL) 
b1816 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 231, nays 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.031 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH126 January 10, 2018 
178, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 13] YEAS—231 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Cuellar Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Estes (KS) Evans Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Granger Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Hultgren Issa Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Panetta Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Quigley Reichert Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Taylor Thornberry Tiberi Titus Trott Tsongas Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) 
NAYS—178 
Amash Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Farenthold Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gallagher Gallego Gohmert Gomez Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Katko Keating Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast McGovern McKinley McSally Mitchell Neal Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Soto Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Torres Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Welch Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Zeldin ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—21 
Adams Butterfield Carbajal Cummings DeSaulnier Gabbard Gaetz Goodlatte Grijalva Hanabusa Jenkins (WV) Kind McHenry McNerney Nolan Pelosi Rush Scalise Shuster Turner Wilson (FL) 
b1823 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
HONORING JERRY RUELF (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of Mr. Jerry Ruelf, an American hero from Ocala, Florida, who passed away this year on January 7. At the age of 17, Mr. Ruelf joined the 101st Airborne Division during World War II and received many decorations for his courageous actions overseas, among which are the Distinguished Flying Cross and the Purple Heart. I had the distinct honor several years ago to present him with a collection of medals, which required him to get a larger jacket. Following the end of the war, Mr. Ruelf continued to serve the American people as a teacher at Dixie Hollins High School in St. Petersburg, Florida, where he led the school’s swim team through an undefeated season in 1971. Mr. Ruelf is honored in the Swimming Hall of Fame for his accomplishments at both Boca Ciega High School and Dixie Hollins High School in Florida. Mr. Ruelf was an outstanding patriot, and he will be dearly missed by all in his community. His example of leader-ship through service is one we can all learn from. To Mr. Ruelf, along with the others from that Greatest Generation era, I thank you, my family thanks you, and our Nation thanks you for the life you lived, for your service to your country, community, and for making this world a better place. f 
HONORING CONGRESSMAN ROBERT WEYGAND (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great Rhode Island public servant, educator, and dear friend, my predecessor, Congressman Robert Weygand. During his time in government, Bob served as a Rhode Island State legis-lator from 1985 to 1993, Lieutenant Gov-ernor from 1993 to 1997, and United States Representative for the Second Congressional District of Rhode Island from 1997 to 2001. Bob has always fought passionately for the people of the State of Rhode Is-land, and in the decades since, he has shared his wealth of knowledge with the students at the University of Rhode Island, dedicating himself to preparing the next generation of leaders. As he retires from that position, I want to say that Bob served for the right reasons: to make a positive dif-ference in his community and improve the lives of the people around him. I am proud to call him my prede-cessor in the Halls of Congress, my dear friend and mentor to this day, and I happily congratulate him on his re-tirement from URI. I know that, in one way or another, Bob will continue to serve his commu-nity as he always has: with integrity, passion, and wisdom. 
f 
HONORING OFFICERS COREY HELMS AND DYLAN COLE (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Officers Corey Helms and Dylan Cole of the Monroe, North Carolina, Police Department, who, on December 26, risked their lives to save two families trapped in a burning home. Officer Helms was first to arrive but was pushed back by the thick cloud of smoke. Officer Cole arrived next, and together, the two men attempted to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.077 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H127 January 10, 2018 
find a ladder to rescue the five people trapped on the second floor. Unable to find a ladder, Monroe’s two heroes dis-regarded their own safety by charging into the burning home and up the stairs before carrying and guiding the young families to safety. Officers Cole and Helms rescued two adult sisters and their children, ages 3 years, 10 months, and 5 months. There were no injuries as a result. Officers Corey Helms and Dylan Cole are living examples of what it means to serve and to protect. Please join me in honoring these two brave officers and all the men and women of the Monroe Police Department who work on our behalf every day. God bless them. 
f 
b1830 DACA (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, Congress must stop deferring the American Dream for bright young people simply because they were brought here as chil-dren. DACA recipients represent the best of our Nation. These are young people who are in school, got their education, or served in our Armed Forces. These are people who never committed a fel-ony offense or significant mis-demeanor. These are people who pose no threat to public safety. These are people who just want to live the Amer-ican Dream, and each day that passes without Congress voting on the Dream Act darkens their futures. Mr. Speaker, if it is numbers my es-teemed colleagues on the other side of the aisle want, I have got them. De-porting DACA recipients would cost the U.S. economy $400 billion. Deport-ing the 5,300 eligible people for DACA in my district alone would cost the economy $140 million. Aren’t we supposed to be growing the economy, not shrinking it? 
f 
CONGRATULATING MUGSHOTS GRILL & BAR ON THEIR 14TH AN-NIVERSARY (Mr. PALAZZO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ron Savell and the entire Mugshots Grill & Bar staff on 14 years of successful business. On January 10, 2004, the first Mugshots Grill & Bar was opened in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, near the cam-pus of my alma mater, the University of Southern Mississippi. While the original, unfortunately, burned down in 2011, there are now more than 18 res-taurant locations spanning three States. Ron is a fellow USM Golden Eagle that continues to expand his businesses in south Mississippi. Most recently, he has opened Brewsky’s in Hattiesburg and Patio 44 in Hattiesburg and Biloxi. His restaurants continue to fuel the economies of my district. The success that Ron has had in such a short amount of time is a testament to his entrepreneurial spirit and his hard work, persistence, and determina-tion. And, of course, he has a great partner: his wife, Caitlin, and their beautiful family. Next time you are in south Mis-sissippi, be sure to stop by Mugshots Grill & Bar and have yourself a deli-cious peanut butter burger. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Ron on his 14th anniversary. f 
DREAMERS DREAM OF THE GREATNESS OF AMERICA (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, a little clarity I think is very important on a very, very important issue. I would like to call 140,000 young peo-ple in my State DREAMers because they dream of the greatness of Amer-ica. The status that they are under is something called DACA, which was in-stituted by President Barack Obama because this Republican Congress could not provide legislative relief, so he saw the lives that were being impacted. In a few months, however, the present President, who feigns not knowing what happened, was the individual who removed that DACA status. So let me be very clear: it is a dire situation, and the reason is because there are individuals whose status is now expiring or has already expired, therefore, they are living in limbo. These are doctors, lawyers, teachers, and young people with families. It is crucial that we move quickly for a DACA fix, and we do it without im-pacting family reunification or diver-sity visas. We do it out of humanity, caring, and respect. Let’s do it now. Let’s do it for America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TOM BARTON (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the long-time editorial page editor of the Sa-vannah Morning News, Mr. Tom Bar-ton, who officially retired on January 5, after 39 years of service. He began his time in Savannah writ-ing for the former Savannah Evening Press covering crime and police sto-ries. His first stories included a murder trial of an elderly woman and a man who violated city code by killing a chicken and leaving its remnants on city sidewalks. These stories quickly taught Mr. Barton lessons in journalism while his gripping, clear, and insightful writing helped him become an influential and trusted writer and editor in Savannah. Since those first stories, he has cov-ered the most important topics in Sa-vannah over the past decades, includ-ing interviews with the infamous Jim Williams, photos of running back Her-schel Walker, and stories about polit-ical elections. Mr. Barton not only knows the unique character of Savannah better than anyone in our area, but he has also contributed greatly to its develop-ment over the last 39 years. His regular contributions to the Sa-vannah Morning News will be missed. I thank him for his dedication to making Savannah a better place to live. f 
OPPOSE OFFSHORE DRILLING (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, last week, the Trump administration an-nounced a proposal to open our Na-tion’s Federal waters to potential oil and gas exploration. Immediately, leaders and lawmakers from the West Coast to the East Coast, and Republicans and Democrats from the leftwing to the rightwing came out against such a proposal for offshore oil drilling. Being from the central coast of Cali-fornia, I know how important our oceans and our coastlines are for our economy, our businesses, our commu-nities, and our families. That is why we have long fought to protect our coast from drilling with zoning laws and lim-iting onshore oil infrastructure to the designation of the Monterey Bay Na-tional Marine Sanctuary, and legisla-tion to protect our oceans and coasts. I believe that, in Congress, we will work to uphold those laws and legacy of protection and preservation, but the Trump administration needs to hear from you. So I ask my constituents and all Americans to share why they also oppose this proposal for oil drilling off our coast. Participate in the public comment period that is now open until March 9, for it is your opportunity to speak directly to the administration, to stand up for your community, and to protect our environment and our fu-ture. 
f 
WELCOME HOME, LONNIE EICHELBERGER (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, the men and women who defend our country have one sacred creed: leave no one be-hind, and they all come home. It took 72 years and 234 days, but today, at Houston’s VA cemetery, Lon-nie Eichelberger came home. At 16, Lonnie left China Spring, Texas, to fight the Nazis and Adolph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.079 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH128 January 10, 2018 
Hitler in Germany in World War II. He was a Buffalo Soldier, the all-Black 92nd Division of our Army. He never re-turned to see his family. His remains were found in Italy in 1945, but they could not be identified. So Lonnie, for 17 years, was known as ‘‘Unknown X–193.’’ In 2016, his remains were identified. At 11:15 a.m. this morning, Texas time, Lonnie was laid to eternal rest. Welcome home, soldier. 
f 
SMEAR CAMPAIGN AGAINST THE AUTHORS OF THE INFAMOUS DOSSIER EXPOSING TRUMP’S RUSSIA CONNECTIONS (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, char-acter assassination is Donald Trump’s favorite trick when people make him look bad. This month, Trump and his allies have been desperately smearing the authors of the infamous dossier, which exposes disturbing facts about Trump’s Russia connections. By at-tacking Chris Steele and Fusion GPS, they are trying to divert attention from the damning content of the dos-sier and also to impugn the FBI for launching its investigation. Here is the problem: the dossier didn’t start the FBI investigation. It was a Trump policy adviser, George Papadopoulos, boasting to an Aus-tralian diplomat that Russia had sto-len emails to interfere in our election. That was 2 months before those stolen emails were put online, and that smacks of collusion. Thankfully, our Australian allies shared this information with the FBI and the investigation began. The dos-sier came along and corroborated what the FBI had already heard. There is another problem with this smear campaign: It wasn’t just the FBI that took the dossier seriously. Sen-ator J
OHN MCCAINdeemed it credible enough to turn it over to the FBI. This is a serious document, corrobo-rated by a host of other evidence, and the truth is coming out, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ASO). Members are reminded to re-frain from engaging in personalities to-ward the President. 
f 
TAX REFORM (Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, it has only been a few weeks since Congress passed the historic tax reform bill, but I am afraid it has got to be very tough for the opponents and our friends across the aisle because, well, you have to wonder: At some point, don’t they tire of being wrong so often? You might recall some claim before we passed the bill that it would raise taxes on the middle class, yet a major-ity of Americans will now see a tax de-crease. In fact, the average family of four in Minnesota’s Second District, which I am proud to represent, will see a tax cut of $3,154. Then they claim that reducing taxes on businesses would never benefit Americans, but employers have already responded by giving a combined total of $1 billion in bonuses and wage in-creases to their employees. That equates to over 1 million Americans and counting getting a bonus. Finally, they said the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act would never jump-start eco-nomic growth. Well, now, after two quarters of well over 3 percent growth, approaching 4 percent, it is as if the op-ponents of the tax reform bill are left telling the American people: Are you going to believe me or your own eyes? The fact of the matter is our oppo-nents rely on hyperbole, but the facts speak for themselves. f 
FUNDING FOR CHIP (Mr. M
CEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise again today pleading with my col-leagues that we must come together to support a long-term funding solution for the traditionally bipartisan Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, com-monly known as CHIP. Mr. Speaker, there is a family in Chesapeake, a locality in my district, that demonstrates the dire challenges families across Virginia and this coun-try face without CHIP. CHIP serves as a lifeline for this fam-ily with four children, ages 8, 7, 4, and 2. Before this family had access to CHIP, these children did not have health insurance or well child visits with a doctor. The parents limited the 7- and 8-year-old children to indoor ac-tivities because they were afraid the children might break a bone or sustain a serous injury. The mother also missed visits to the doctor’s office for vital prenatal care because she was worried about doctor bills. The parents missed work and kept the children home during flu sea-son because they could not afford a doctor’s visit. With CHIP, the mother and children all have health insurance, they are up to date on their wellness exams, and the children play outside again. Mr. Speaker, for the health of my constituents and millions of other Americans, we must immediately come together for long-term funding for CHIP. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TEHAMA COUNTY FARM BUREAU (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Tehama County Farm Bureau in my district on their 100th annual meeting. This on the heels of their centennial of being in business in Tehama County. They are headquartered in Red Bluff, California. They have been an organi-zation very dedicated, obviously, to farming, ranching, and agriculture in all its forms in Tehama County and its neighboring counties as partners as well. Just last month, it was actually rec-ognized as the Midsize Farm Bureau of the Year, according to the California Farm Bureau Federation Annual Meet-ing. The Farm Bureau is very important and very involved in the fiber of rural communities with ag production, farm-ing, ranching, hay, and all those oper-ations that make what agriculture needs go round, as well as the activi-ties at the fair with the kids, and with their future. The Farm Bureau, indeed, is an important part of the future of agriculture and feeding people in this country. Mr. Speaker, again, I congratulate Tehama County Farm Bureau’s mem-bership, board, and leadership for hang-ing in there and serving that group of people for 100 years. f 
b1845 NON-METRO AREA AGENCY ON AGING (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, a few years ago, New Mexico decimated its behav-ioral health system when it terminated nearly every behavioral health pro-vider in the State. In fact, thousands of New Mexicans did not have access to medicine, coun-selors, or treatment, increasing their risks of substance abuse, health issues, and homelessness. Many New Mexicans suffered, were incarcerated, or died because of the State’s negligence. Today, we are po-tentially seeing an even more cata-strophic State-created crisis in the making. Just a few weeks ago, the State an-nounced it intended to cancel its con-tract with the Non-Metro Area Agency on Aging, which manages and oversees critical services like adult daycare, meal services, caregiving, transpor-tation, and respite care for vulnerable seniors and their families. Decimating the current system with-out public hearings, due process, or having a public plan to ensure the con-tinuity of services will disrupt these lifesaving safety net programs that serve nearly 80,000 seniors; and these seniors are going to suffer because of this reckless and hasty decision. I have written to HHS demanding that they immediately investigate the State’s negligent behavior. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.081 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H129 January 10, 2018 
HUMAN RIGHTS FOR THE IRANIAN PEOPLE (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the dramatic strug-gle for freedom and human rights that we are witnessing in the country of Iran. The oppressive, theocratic regime in Iran has a bloody track record of abuses and has long neglected its citi-zens’ most basic rights and needs. The Government of Iran has squan-dered the precious resources of its peo-ple by supporting proxy armies throughout the Middle East and wreak-ing havoc across the globe instead of providing for the basic needs of its citi-zens. Courageous Iranians are proving each day that they are no longer will-ing to accept the indignities and re-pression from the ruling elite. It is tragic, but not shocking, to see the regime in Iran respond to the re-cent wave of protests with violence, cutting off communications, media, and, predictably, blaming the United States of America. I am a cosponsor of H. Res. 676, a res-olution passed by the House of Rep-resentatives yesterday in support of the rights of the people of Iran to ex-press themselves freely, and con-demning the oppressive Iranian regime for its crackdown on legitimate pro-tests. I stand with the brave Iranians who are facing down the violent and brutal regime for the sake of liberty. 
f 
OFFSHORING GOP TAX SCAM (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight another scam in the GOP tax giveaway just signed into law. Presi-dent Trump promised in November: ‘‘Factories will be pouring back into this county.’’ Really? The Republican tax scam taxes earn-ings of foreign subsidiaries of U.S. firms at half the rate of what is earned here in the United States by those same companies. If that isn’t an invita-tion for more job outsourcing, I don’t know what is. The corporate tax rate, which Repub-licans slashed at the expense of the middle class, Social Security, and Medicare, is now at 21 percent; but the rate at which American companies’ overseas subsidiaries will be taxed is half that much, 10.5 percent. Why does the Republican tax bill incentivize U.S. companies to move profits and capital overseas? Call President Trump, let him know, because that is what he just did. The Republican bill does nothing to address the job outsourcing crisis. It makes it worse. Isn’t this economic madness? f 
CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM FUNDING (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, nearly 9 mil-lion children across the Nation, more than 55,000 in my district alone, rely on the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram for their healthcare. The deadline to fund CHIP passed and Congress has failed to provide long- term funding for the program, kicking the can down the road and leaving par-ents worried about whether or not their child will get the healthcare they need, because they are no longer cov-ered, in the middle of a flu season no less. For decades, Republicans and Demo-crats have come together to fund the bipartisan and noncontroversial CHIP. It is unacceptable that this time around, Republican leaders proposed paying for CHIP by cutting other crit-ical public health programs that CHIP recipient kids rely on, like vaccines. This is unconscionable. Stop using children’s healthcare as a partisan weapon. Kids and parents de-serve better. We must put our chil-dren’s needs above partisanship and provide for the health of our children with a bipartisan, long-term funding solution for CHIP. 
f 
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION BACKLOG (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call atten-tion to a dangerous backlog at the So-cial Security Administration that is harming millions of Americans across the Nation, especially in and around the city of Philadelphia. Philadelphians face the longest delays in the Nation, where thousands of applicants wait as long as 26 months, on average, for a basic preliminary hearing. Last year alone, 9,000 Ameri-cans died awaiting an SSA benefits de-termination. In 1974, we made a promise to be there for our elderly, blind, and dis-abled Americans who have little or no income. They, in turn, rely upon the Social Security Administration to ap-prove their eligibility and administer these life-sustaining benefits. On Monday, I led a letter with my Democratic colleagues from the Phila-delphia area and New Jersey demand-ing answers from the SSA’s leadership. Today I rise to stand up for the mil-lions of Americans who are on their own, suffering from a crisis of public service that threatens their ability to afford basic necessities through no fault of their own. I will not stand down until this problem is fixed. HONORING THE MEMORY OF CANDICE BOWERS (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Candice Bowers. Candice was a single mother to her three children: Kurtis, Katie, and her recently adopted daughter, Ariel. She was a hardworking waitress who was selfless and always ensured she was able to take care of her family. Candice had a loving heart, a big smile, and an infectious laugh. She went to the Route 91 music fes-tival in Las Vegas with her best friend so she could take some rare time for herself. Candice was known for her strength, fierce loyalty, and generosity. She would give her last dollar to anyone who was in need. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Candice’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas and the whole country grieve with you. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF LISA HANSEN (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the memory of an extraordinary constituent, Lisa Hansen. Lisa was an Air Force veteran, a longtime civil servant, and an inspira-tion to many as an ovarian cancer sur-vivor. In the final years of her career, Lisa worked as a defense contractor at the legendary Arsenal in Watervliet, New York. During her 14-year battle with can-cer, Lisa became an expert in cancer research and treatment. She used that knowledge and experience to become an advocate and a mentor to fellow survivors. Ovarian cancer will affect 1 in 75 women. There is no diagnostic tool for it. Raising awareness is one of the best and only ways to get women diagnosed sooner. Lisa made it her personal mission to reach as many women as possible in New York’s capital region and beyond through her leadership at Caring To-gether, Inc. She also participated in the Survivors Teaching Students pro-gram, sharing personal experiences with medical and nursing students. Lisa passed away on January 6. We will remember her passion and selfless dedication to ovarian cancer research and the extraordinary power in her voice and in her story. Thank you for a lifetime of service to others, Lisa. You will be sorely missed, but thank you for the inspiration you have provided to so many. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.084 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH130 January 10, 2018 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Ms. A
DAMS (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for January 8 through January 11 on account of recovering from sur-gery. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, January 11, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3646. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Manpower and Reserve Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting notice of the anticipated use of Selected Reserve units that will be ordered to active duty, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 12304b(d); Public Law 112-81, Sec. 516(a)(1); (125 Stat. 1396); to the Committee on Armed Services. 3647. A letter from the Executive Sec-retary, Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Board of Actuaries, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s 2017 Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund Report, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1114(c); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 713(a)(1) (114 Stat. 1654A- 180); to the Committee on Armed Services. 3648. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a letter stating that additional time is needed to col-lect, compile, and analyze submissions for the third quarter inventory of activities per-formed report; to the Committee on Armed Services. 3649. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Federal Reserve Bank Capital Stock [Regulation I; Docket No.: R-1560] (RIN: 7100- AE 68) received December 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3650. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a Renewal of Determination of a Public Health Emergency from the con-sequences of Hurricane Maria on the Terri-tory of the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 247d(a); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 319(a) (as amended by Public Law 107- 188, Sec. 144(a)); (116 Stat. 630); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 3651. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Safe-ty and Effectiveness of Health Care Antiseptics; Topical Antimicrobial Drug Products for Over-the-Counter Human Use [Docket No.: FDA-2015-N-0101] (RIN: 0910- AH40) received December 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3652. A letter from the Associate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Division, Fed-eral Communications Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s final rule — Accel-erating Wireline Broadband Deployment by Removing Barriers to Infrastructure Invest-ment [WC Docket No.: 17-84] received Decem-ber 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3653. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a report of defense ar-ticles and services associated with six (6) Presidential Determinations, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2318(b)(2); Public Law 87-195, Sec. 506(b)(2) (as amended by Public Law 96-92, Sec. 5(b)); (93 Stat. 702); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3654. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-043, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3655. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-046, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3656. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-012, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3657. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-088, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3658. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-140, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3659. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Federal Maritime Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Performance and Account-ability Report for FY 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3660. A letter from the Acting General Counsel, General Services Administration, transmitting a notification of an action on nomination, change in previously submitted reported information, and discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3661. A letter from the General Counsel, National Endowment for the Humanities, transmitting a notice of a discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3662. A letter from the Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting the Board’s report on competitive sourcing efforts for FY 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 108-199, Sec. 647(b); (118 Stat. 361); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3663. A letter from the White House Liai-son, Office of Elementary and Secondary Education, Department of Education, trans-mitting a notification of a nomination, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3664. A letter from the Chairman, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s summary of the inven-tories of commercial and inherently govern-mental activities performed by federal em-ployees for fiscal year 2016, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3665. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0476; Product Identifier 2016-NM-110-AD; Amendment 39-19111; AD 2017-24-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 29, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3666. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; CFM International S.A. Turbofan En-gines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1044; Product Identifier 2017-NE-38-AD; Amendment 39- 19110; AD 2017-24-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3667. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0709; Product Identifier 2016-NM-200-AD; Amendment 39-19115; AD 2017-25-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 29, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3668. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0708; Product Identifier 2017-NM-035-AD; Amendment 39-19113; AD 2017-24-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 29, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3669. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-1097; Product Identifier 2013-NM-015-AD; Amendment 39-19117; AD 2017-25-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3670. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0340; Product Identifier 2017-NM-002-AD; Amendment 39-19114; AD 2017-24-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3671. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-1098; Product Identifier 2012-NM-216-AD; Amendment 39-19116; AD 2017-25-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3672. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.087 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H131 January 10, 2018 
2017-0556; Product Identifier 2016-NM-098-AD; Amendment 39-19119; AD 2017-25-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 29, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3673. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1117; Product Identi-fier 94-ANE-39-AD; Amendment 39-19112; AD 2017-24-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3674. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0622; Product Identifier 2016-NM-192-AD; Amendment 39-19120; AD 2017-25-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 29, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3675. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-1103; Product Identifier 2014-NM-063-AD; Amendment 39-19128; AD 2017-25-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3676. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure 2018-3 received De-cember 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3677. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Medicare Program; Medi-care Shared Savings Program: Extreme and Uncontrollable Circumstances Policies for Performance Year 2017 [CMS-1702-IFC] (RIN: 0938-AT51) received December 22, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 3548. A bill to make certain im-provements to the security of the inter-national borders of the United States, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–505, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2504. A bill to ensure fair treatment in licensing requirements for the export of certain echinoderms (Rept. 115– 506, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. S. 1285. An act to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, and the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians to lease or transfer certain lands (Rept. 115–507). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 453. A bill to deem the Step 2 compliance date for standards of perform-ance for new residential wood heaters, new residential hydronic heaters, and forced-air furnaces to be May 15, 2023 (Rept. 115–508). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1917. A bill to allow for judi-cial review of any final rule addressing na-tional emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with such rule (Rept. 115–509). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Foreign Affairs dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 2504 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Nat-ural Resources, Agriculture, Oversight and Government Reform, Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3548 ordered to be printed. 
f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3548. Referral to the Committee on Armed Services extended for a period ending not later than March 23, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 4750. A bill to terminate the granting of temporary protected status to aliens, to provide for adjustment of status for former temporary protected status holders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. FASO (for himself and Ms. F
UDGE ): H.R. 4751. A bill to reauthorize the Soil and Water Resources Conservation Act of 1977, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 4752. A bill to establish an Inde-pendent Financial Technology Task Force, to provide rewards for information leading to convictions related to terrorist use of digital currencies, to establish a FinTech Leader-ship in Innovation Fund to encourage the de-velopment of tools and programs to combat terrorist and illicit use of digital currencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. LUCAS: H.R. 4753. A bill to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to require the Vice Chairman for Supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to provide a written report, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida): H.R. 4754. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to provide prospective construction contractors with information about an agen-cy’s policies on the administration of change orders to allow such contractors to make in-formed business decisions regarding the pric-ing of bids or proposals, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 4755. A bill to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to bring the non-monetary policy related functions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System into the ap-propriations process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 4756. A bill to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to establish a blackout period for public communications by the Federal Open Market Committee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 4757. A bill to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to modify the appointment process for presidents of Federal Reserve Banks; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 4758. A bill to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to require the Federal Open Mar-ket Committee to establish interest rates on balances maintained at a Federal Reserve Bank by depository institutions; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 4759. A bill to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to revise the membership of Fed-eral Open Market Committee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. L ABRADOR , Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Mr. C
ARTER of Texas): H.R. 4760. A bill to amend the immigration laws and the homeland security laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Homeland Security, Foreign Affairs, Ways and Means, Armed Services, Oversight and Government Reform, Agriculture, Transportation and In-frastructure, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. BORDALLO (for herself, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. S
ABLAN ): H.R. 4761. A bill to address the challenges of providing public services to citizens of the Freely Associated States residing in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Natural Resources, For-eign Affairs, Oversight and Government Re-form, Agriculture, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 4762. A bill to require the United States Postal Service to designate a single, unique ZIP code for particular communities; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 4763. A bill to require the pursuit of technologies to remove space debris; to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10JA7.000 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH132 January 10, 2018 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 4764. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish an Office for Under-Banked and Un-Banked Consumers; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. G
ABBARD ): H.R. 4765. A bill to amend the Arms Export Control Act to prohibit the removal of cer-tain items under category I, II, or III of the United States Munitions List for purposes of transferring the item to or controlling the item under any portion of the Commerce Control List of dual-use items in the Export Administration Regulations; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. H AS-
TINGS ): H. Res. 683. A resolution recognizing Janu-ary 2018 as ‘‘National Mentoring Month’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 4750. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 states that ‘‘Congress shall have the power to establish an uniform rule of naturalization.’’ By Mr. FASO: H.R. 4751. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 4752. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, providing the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ By Mr. LUCAS: H.R. 4753. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution states that Congress shall have the power ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution states the Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. BACON: H.R. 4754. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 provides Con-gress with the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises’’ in order to ‘‘provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 4755. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 8. ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to . . . make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 4756. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all oher Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 4757. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The explicit power of Congress to establish an uniform Rule of Naturization, and uni-form Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throught the United States as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4, of the United States Constitution. Additionally, Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 of the Constitution allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified in to law; and therefore implicitly allows Congress to amend any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed in to law by the President. By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 4758. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 4759. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’). By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 4760. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 4 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution—The Congress shall have Power to establish a uniform Rule of Natu-ralization, and uniform Laws on the subject Bankruptcies throughout the United States. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 4761. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Article IV Section 3 By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 4762. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. MENG: H.R. 4763. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 4764. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 4765. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 82: Mr. P ALMER . H.R. 422: Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. K ELLY of Penn- sylvania, Mr. L
ANCE , and Mr. G RAVES of Mis- souri. H.R. 506: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 547: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 592: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 719: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. B ISHOP of Michi- gan, Mr. D
AVIDSON , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 850: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 936: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 982: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1038: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 1178: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 1227: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1243: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1316: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 1322: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1360: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1406: Mr. C
ORREA and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 1409: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. O
LSON , and Mr. B UCSHON . H.R. 1542: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 1606: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 1749: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 1841: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1972: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 1987: Mr. S
HERMAN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 2000: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 2001: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 2147: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. S
TIVERS , Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2267: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 2345: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 2452: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2482: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 2528: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 2683: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 2723: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California and Mr. G
OWDY . H.R. 2740: Mr. R
OSS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10JA7.100 H10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H133 January 10, 2018 
H.R. 2832: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, and Mr. G
OWDY . H.R. 2845: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 2996: Mr. G
OWDY and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3030: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 3067: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 3145: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3174: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 3232: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 3272: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 3307: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 3492: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 3528: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 3566: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3602: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 3637: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 3692: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3782: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3790: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 3792: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 3826: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3931: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 3964: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3976: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 4075: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4079: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 4099: Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. V
ALADAO , and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 4124: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. B RAT, and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 4143: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4179: Ms. T
SONGAS and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 4215: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4229: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. B ARR, Mr. R
EED, Mr. H ECK, and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4236: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4253: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 4256: Mr. H
IMES and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 4265: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 4268: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 4274: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia and Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 4311: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 4392: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4444: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. B EYER , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 4479: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida. H.R. 4494: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of Pennsylvania, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi- gan, and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4507: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 4547: Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. S
ESSIONS , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 4584: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4610: Mr. HOLDING . H.R. 4635: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 4647: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4660: Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 4681: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 4693: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 4704: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas and Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 4712: Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. B RAT, Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. C
URTIS , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. R
ENACCI , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 4715: Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. V ARGAS , and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4736: Mr. L
ONGand Mr. H ULTGREN . H.R. 4737: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 4747: Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 35: Mr. C
OHEN . H. Res. 613: Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Res. 661: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. H ECK, and Mr. C
ORREA . H. Res. 673: Mr. K
INGof New York. H. Res. 675: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.023 H10JAPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S113 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 2018 No. 6 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
AND P
AUL, a Senator from the Common-wealth of Kentucky. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our Savior, help our law-makers to see eternity beyond time, re-maining loyal to You in all things. Awaken in them a desire to represent Your purposes in our Nation and world. Give them grace, O God, to love and to even pray for those who would strive to hurt them. May nothing blind them to Your truth, as You lead them through the night of mortality to the light that never fades. Lord, keep them calm in the quiet center of their lives, so that they may find serenity in life’s swirl-ing stresses. And Lord, fill us all with Your peace, as we strive to understand others as we would wish to be under-stood. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, January 10, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable RANDPAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. PAUL thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, we have been talking all week about the ways our historic tax reform law is im-mediately helping middle-class fami-lies. It has been less than a month since Congress passed and the Presi-dent signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, but already more than 1 million Ameri-cans are on track to receive special bo-nuses, permanent raises, and other ben-efits, and their employers are attrib-uting these changes directly to tax re-form. In fact, 100,000 employees of Amer-ican Airlines are each receiving a $1,000 tax reform bonus; U.S. Bank is raising its minimum wage to $15 and is also giving $1,000 bonuses to 60,000 employ-ees; 29,000 employees of Nationwide In-surance are also receiving bonuses, and 33,000 are getting an increase in their retirement match. These are just a few of the 100-plus companies that have al-ready announced new benefits for American workers as a direct result of tax reform. These are only the imme-diate benefits. Mainstream economists agree that in the months and years to come, the per-manent changes we made in the way we tax businesses will make our econ-omy more vibrant and more competi-tive. That means greater investment and higher wages for American work-ers. Of course, all this is in addition to the direct effects the tax cuts them-selves will soon have on family budg-ets. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will re-duce income tax rates and significantly expand key deductions. We took money out of Washington and put it right back in the pockets of middle-class Americans. Starting as early as Feb-ruary, the IRS will withhold less from paychecks, and workers will get to de-posit more of their hard-earned money right into their own bank accounts. In 2018 alone, for a typical family of four earning just over 70,000, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act could mean a tax savings of more than $2,000. Nearly every day, reports come out about a new way this historic tax re-form bill is helping Americans. Here is a subject that is particularly relevant around many kitchen tables this win-ter: utility bills. All around the coun-try, utility companies that will benefit from our new tax cuts are already dis-cussing plans to pass their savings on to customers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.000 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES114 January 10, 2018 
Major power companies in Illinois, Maryland, and Massachusetts are al-ready proposing plans to give their cus-tomers tens of millions of dollars in re-lief by lowering the rates they charge for energy. And get this: According to CNBC, a South Carolina electric and gas utility is planning to give a cash payment directly to its customers, averaging $1,000 per household. More are following suit. In Montana, Lou-isiana, and Indiana, regulators are al-ready working with utilities to deter-mine how households will benefit from the tax savings. In my own State of Kentucky, the Public Service Commis-sion directed a number of the electric, gas, and water companies to track their savings and make plans to cut rates for consumers. As any mother or father who has to balance a checkbook and pay bills every month can attest, this is wel-come news for middle-class families. These reductions will be especially helpful to the most vulnerable in our society. According to data from the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, energy costs eat up a significantly higher percentage of household income for poor families than for other fami-lies. In other words, for a software en-gineer in Silicon Valley, a lower heat-ing or air conditioning bill may go un-noticed, but for workers who clean that office overnight, this relief will make a real difference. A drop in utility bills effectively amounts to progressive tax relief. This is just another example of how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is rapidly proving to be a serious asset to poor and middle- class families—precisely the people whom my Democratic friends in the House and Senate loudly claimed would get nothing at all from this bill. It has been 3 weeks—3 weeks—lower utility bills, 1 million special tax re-form bonuses and pay raises, and this is only the beginning. A Republican majority in the House and a Republican majority in the Sen-ate and President Trump listened to the facts instead of the political spin. I am proud that we passed this historic bill and gave families across America the tax relief they have waited decades to receive. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, we have barely over a week to negotiate a broad package of must-pass items, in-cluding an extension of government funding, a deal to lift the spending caps for both defense and urgent domestic priorities, a healthcare package, dis-aster aid, an agreement to protect the Dreamers, and to provide additional border security. The path forward on some of these issues is very clear. There are signifi-cant bipartisan majorities that would vote to extend CHIP, or the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and com-munity health centers. There seems to be a growing consensus on how we can pass the 702 FISA Court program. I am also confident that we could as-semble a disaster aid package that ad-dresses the needs of all of the States and Territories—Texas, Florida, Lou-isiana, California, the Western States that have been plagued by fires, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands—as well as modifying what the Forest Service does so they don’t spend all of their money simply fighting forest fires and not do the job they are in-tended to do, which is to prevent future forest fires by careful forestry pro-grams. Even where the path is murkier, the outlines of a deal exist. If we don’t lift the spending caps in short order, the sharp ax of sequestration will fall on the military side of the budget and on the domestic side of the budget. That is a scenario everyone wants to avoid. The majority leader continues to in-sist that we should raise the budget caps unequally, sparing our military but not critical domestic programs that create jobs, grow our economy, and help the middle class. We Demo-crats believe we absolutely must pro-vide the resources our men and women overseas need to protect our country. We believe that strongly, but we also know that there are many important issues here at home—combating the opioid crisis, improving veterans’ healthcare, shoring up pensions for millions of hard-working Americans who are approaching retirement, and dealing with rural development and rural broadband. These items are all crucial to the middle class. The deadly scourge of opioid addic-tion has contributed to the first con-secutive-year decline in life expectancy in the great United States of America since the early 1960s. That is an as-tounding and alarming fact that should rouse everyone in this Chamber to ac-tion. It is not occurring in most of our Western country allies. Some of our veterans have been wait-ing in line for healthcare at veterans hospitals for over a year. These men and women served our country bravely. We have a solemn responsibility to serve them when they come home, and we are not living up to that responsi-bility right now. Over a million Americans paid into pension plans with the expectation that they could retire with basic dig-nity. For so many of them—teamsters, miners, food workers—pensions have fallen short, and a lifetime of careful savings may be ripped away from pen-sioners at the last moment. We could make progress on each of these issues through a budget that lifts the spend-ing caps equally for defense and non-defense. The Republican majority, which con-veniently forgot its long history of op-posing deficits when passing a $1.5 tril-lion tax bill, cannot, in good con-science, turn around and complain about deficits here. So let’s make the investments we all know are essential in both our military and in our middle class. Even on the most challenging issue we face, the fate of the Dreamers, there appears to be a path forward. Yester-day’s immigration meeting at the White House was encouraging for two reasons. First, practically everyone at the table—including some of the most conservative voices on immigration, like the Senator from Iowa—agreed that we must resolve the future of Dreamers by passing DACA protections into law. That is a very positive devel-opment. Second, President Trump appeared to endorse a narrow deal to protect the Dreamers, leaving the thornier issues for a later debate on comprehensive immigration reform—a debate that, personally, I would welcome, the soon-er the better. But first, we have to do this narrow deal. President Trump also backed off his demand that a DACA deal include an expensive and ineffective border wall across the entire length of the southern border. Of course, the devil is in the details. We Democrats have re-peated time and again that we are ready, willing, and eager to support an effective, practical border security measure in a deal that enshrines DACA into law. The President yesterday seemed to agree with that. We agree with that. For these reasons, the meet-ing was encouraging. Last night, a Federal judge ruled against the Trump administration’s handling of the termination of the DACA Program. Let me be very clear. The ruling last night in no way dimin-ishes the urgency of resolving the DACA issue. On this we agree with the White House, which says the ruling doesn’t do anything to reduce Congress’s obligation to address this problem now. A court case, of course, is no guarantee of lasting security. A higher court can quickly overturn it. Unsurprisingly, the Department of Jus-tice responded to the ruling last night by saying that it ‘‘will continue to vig-orously defend [this] position, and looks forward to vindicating its posi-tion in further legislation.’’ So the fact remains that the only way to guar-antee the legal status for Dreamers is to pass DACA protections into law and to do it now. For that reason, a resolu-tion to the DACA issue must be part of a global deal on the budget. We cannot tolerate delay. Delay is a tactic employed by those who do not wish to see a deal. Let me just say, promises that maybe in the future we will do it—particularly on immigra-tion—have vanished by the wayside. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.001 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S115 January 10, 2018 
Unless DACA is on a must-pass deal—a must-pass bill—in terms of a global agreement, people are rightfully skep-tical that it will ever happen. Some-how, somewhere, someone will say: I can’t do it. Let’s not forget that the House has been a graveyard even for immigration proposals that have had bipartisan con-sensus here in the Senate. So it must be on a must-pass bill. Otherwise, we are not going to get it. Congressional negotiators and the valiant group here in the Senate led by Senators D
URBIN and G RAHAM are fo-cused on this issue right now. The meeting they had yesterday—I talked to both Senators D
URBIN and G RAHAM  last night and this morning—provides a clearer picture of the parameters of the deal. The iron is hot. We should strike now. Delay will snuff out the hope of getting an agreement that both sides can live with. Let us press forward. Each side is going to have to give. I am confident, though, that both sides can come to an agreement on bor-der security. I am convinced now both sides want to find a consensus on DACA. Some will support a deal enthu-siastically, others reluctantly, but, nonetheless, an agreement is within reach. We ought to get it done through the Senate, through the House, and onto the President’s desk for signature now. So let’s get the job done. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
ISSUES BEFORE THE SENATE  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, here we are at the start of a new year. Last year, the Republican majority decided to dedicate the year to government by and for the powerful and the privileged, but how about this year, 2018? We pay attention to our Constitution, which starts with that vision of government, not for the powerful, not for the rich, not for the privileged, not for the well connected, not for the wealthy but for the people of the United States. It is a vision where power is distributed, and power comes up from each individual citizen to create policies for their gen-eral welfare. Last year, we saw this complete dedi-cation to trying to wipe out healthcare for 20 million to 30 million Americans in order to provide tax benefits for the richest. How big were those tax bene-fits? Well, if you add up the provisions that are dedicated to the powerful cor-porations and those benefits for the wealthiest 10 percent, and most of that goes to the wealthiest 1 percent, those provisions stack up to over $2 trillion— $2 trillion. It is very hard to get your hands around $2 trillion. Those are not num-bers we use in ordinary conversation. Let’s take that down to the amount of money per man, woman, and child—per citizen in America. Well, that is about $6,000—$6,000 taken from the commu-nity funds for every man, woman, and child in America to deliver to the wealthiest Americans. That was gov-ernment by the Republican majority in 2017. It was not ‘‘We the People’’ but we the powerful and we the privileged. How about we have a new year’s reso-lution that pays attention to the vision of our Constitution, to that vision of government of, by, and for the people? Ben Franklin once wrote in his ‘‘Poor Richard’s Almanac’’: Be at war with your vices, At peace with your neighbors, And let every New Year find you a better man. 
Every new year is a chance to recre-ate and reenvision where we are head-ed. Certainly, it is a big vice to use this Chamber, in contravention of our Con-stitution, to pursue policies for the powerful and privileged rather than for the people. So let’s set that vice aside and have a bipartisan year, dedicated to making a foundation for families to thrive and jobs and education and healthcare and a healthier planet. Right now, we should have an imme-diate new year’s checklist of things to get done, and that checklist starts with the budget. We have just 9 days until funding runs out for the Federal Government, and we all know from ex-perience what that means—parks shut down, medical research stops, pass-ports don’t get processed, and busi-nesses can’t check in on their I–9 appli-cations for employees. That is the type of conduct that happens in banana re-publics—basically, in countries that don’t have a competent system of gov-ernment. It should not happen in the United States of America. We are deep into the financial year, which started on October 1. October passed. November passed. December passed. We are well into January and still the majority leadership of this body is unable to put together a proc-ess that addresses just key, funda-mental issues. Why is that? Because they were so distracted by delivering trillions of dollars to the richest of Americans and trying to destroy healthcare for millions of Americans that they didn’t tend to the fundamen-tals that need to be tended to. Let’s take care of those things now. The Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. Here we are. It expired on Sep-tember 30 of last year. Nine million children across America depend on this insurance. This insurance was crafted in a bipartisan manner. It was forged in an agreement between Senator H
ATCH , a Republican, and Senator K EN-
NEDY , a Democrat, who had very dif-ferent visions of America but who could agree that families who didn’t qualify for Medicaid and weren’t afflu-ent enough to buy insurance for their children could still have insurance for their children. These are the working poor of America, the struggling work-ers of America. It was forged in a bipartisan manner, but this year my Republican colleagues decided to make these children a bar-gaining chip for their effort to get more for the privileged and the power-ful. That has to end. When children do not have insurance, they don’t get that dental benefit to take care of those cavities. They don’t get that medical exam. They don’t get those inoculations, those vaccinations. They don’t get treatment when they are injured because their parents can’t afford to take them to the doctor. They don’t get treatment when they are sick for the same reason. Let’s take care of children’s healthcare. This is not a partisan issue. It was forged in a bipartisan manner, and it should be so today. What also expired on September 30 of last year was the legislation author-izing support for our community health clinics. Community health clin-ics are the front door to healthcare for millions of Americans. It is that friend-ly place in your rural community, in your urban neighborhood, where you can go through the front door and get assistance. Talking about millions of Americans who go through those front doors, there are more than 1,400 clinics across the country. These are popular in rural areas. They are popular in urban areas. They are popular in red States. They are popular in blue States. There is nothing partisan about it, but the lead-ership of this body has no interest, has seen no urgency in reauthorizing the ability for those health centers to stay open. In Oregon we saw, as a result of the Affordable Care Act, 30 more health clinics established. We saw a lot more resources go into both mental illness and into drug abuse during a period in which the opioid crisis joined the meth crisis and afflicted both rural and urban areas. Lots of folks come to this floor and say: We have to take on opioids. It is not just on the left-hand side of the aisle, but it is also on the right-hand side of the aisle. People base virtually their entire campaigns on taking on opioids. Yet the Repub-lican leadership says this isn’t impor-tant. Let me tell you, this is impor-tant, and we need to get it done. Then let’s turn to the Dream Act. Dreamers are those children raised in our communities, now 16 through their midtwenties. They are productive members of our communities. They have gone through our high schools or are in high school now. They are in col-lege. They are working. They are con-tributing. They know no other country than ours. Across both sides of the aisle we hear folks say: We want to take care of them and establish a structure for this, a legal structure for the Dreamers. The President yesterday hosted a bi-partisan conversation at the White House to say: Let’s get this done. He expressed his support. In fact, everyone in the room expressed support for get-ting this done. Each one of these—the budget, the children’s healthcare, the health cen-ters, the Dream Act—are bipartisan ef-forts. These are things that should have been addressed long ago if my Re-publican colleagues instead weren’t so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.002 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES116 January 10, 2018 
obsessed with decimating healthcare for millions of Americans and ripping off the National Treasury to deliver benefits to the wealthiest Americans. Let’s get this done for our Dreamers. More than 100 a day are losing their status, which means they can no longer legally work in our country. It mat-ters. It is urgent. It is productive for our communities. It is bipartisan. Let’s get it done. How about disaster relief? We cer-tainly saw a powerful punch against our States from the raging forest fires in the West to the hurricanes in the South and Southeast. Hurricanes have hit Texas and Florida and Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands—massive de-struction. Fires have scourged States from Montana to Idaho, to Washington, to Oregon, to California. Those fires burned well into the winter months of November and December. These afflictions hit Democrats and Republicans, red States and blue States. Why don’t we get this done? These are basic, bipartisan, let’s-get-it- done agendas. Let’s get it done now. Let’s make sure, when we are ad-dressing the impact of those storms in the South and those hurricanes—Har-vey, Irma, and Maria—we simulta-neously recognize the destructive im-pact forest fires have had that have been scourging the West. They have de-stroyed a lot of the infrastructure in the forest that needs to be replaced. They have affected a lot of commu-nities that need economic help recov-ering. Certainly, it made us recognize that we have millions of acres of forests that can become much more fire resil-ient if they are thinned, if we get rid of the fuel buildup on the floor of the for-ests. When they become more resilient, they stop the forest fires. Thinning is a win-win. It produces a steady supply of sawlogs for the mill and stops forest fires when they are raging. There was a forest fire headed right for Sisters, OR, and it hit an area that had been thinned. Guess what. It stopped. The trees were farther apart. The fuels were removed from the floor of the forest. Now we have created a real fire haz-ard with our clear-cut strategy of years past—the forestry grows very close to-gether, often replanted. Trees are all the same height. It is very easy for the fire to get into the canopy, and once in the canopy, every tree is touching the next tree. It rages on, and there is no break. But a natural forest is very different. We can more effectively replicate the fire-resistant nature of a natural forest by thinning these overgrown, second- growth forests. We can then create that supply of saw logs, keep our mills open, keep our people working, and strengthen our economies in rural America. We can do it by funding this reduction, these thinning programs in acreage that has already gone through the environmental process. In Oregon, we have 1.6 million acres already ap-proved for thinning, if we can pass the funds to get it done. So let’s take this on in 2018. Let’s dedicate 2018 to that vision in our Con-stitution of ‘‘we the people.’’ Let’s stop passing legislation targeted specifi-cally to help out the richest at the ex-pense of everyone else in America. Let’s turn over a new leaf from cam-paigns and policies and legislation by and for the privileged and the powerful to honor the vision of our Constitution, the vision of our Nation, a Nation of laws which distributes power that pro-duces policies by and for the people of the United States of America, for mak-ing families stronger, for building those foundations of jobs and healthcare and education and a healthy planet. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
FUNDING OUR MILITARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I admit I wasn’t here during the entirety of the comments from our friend, and I saw his to-do list. The only thing missing from that to-do list was to fund our military—or at least I didn’t see it on there. In all fairness, maybe he men-tioned that in his comments. We now have 9 days to reach an agreement to keep the government funded, to keep the lights on, to keep paying the salaries of our government employees, and, of course, to fund our military, which ought to be our No. 1 priority. If we think about things that government must do, funding our na-tional defense is the only thing that we can do and that government can do. There are a lot of other things that government does that are optional or maybe things we would like to do, but funding our military is the No. 1 pri-ority—or should be. As the Senate majority leader men-tioned earlier this week, our Demo-cratic colleagues persist in the notion that we should only increase defense spending if we increase nondefense spending by the same amount. The par-ity that the minority leader and the other Democrats call for doesn’t make any sense, though. It is apples and or-anges. They act as though all govern-ment spending is exactly alike and en-joys or should enjoy the same priority, and that is just not true. We know that from our own family budgets or from a small business. There are things we must do, things we want to do, and things we will do if there is money left over. But our friends across the aisle, who are obstructing our ability to get to negotiated budget caps and fund our military, act as though all of that is the same, that must do, want to do, and what you will do if you have money left over—that those are all ex-actly the same, and that is just not the case. It is not the case in our family budgets, in our small business budgets, nor is it the case for the Federal budg-et. Not everything is a priority. But we do know that the No. 1 priority must be the safety and security of the Amer-ican people by making sure our mili-tary is adequately funded. The Budget Control Act signed into law in 2011 was what I would call a nec-essary evil. The Budget Control Act provided that we would have a bipar-tisan, bicameral negotiation and try to come up with a grand bargain. That was what President Obama liked to talk about a lot—the grand bargain. But some people suggested that was kind of like a unicorn, some-thing that people describe but no one has ever seen—a grand bargain. I wish it weren’t true. The Budget Control Act said that in the absence of a grand bargain, we would have budget caps or sequestra-tion imposed on discretionary spending above certain levels. It proposed sepa-rate budget caps for defense and non-defense, and if the budget caps are ex-ceeded, there is an automatic enforce-ment mechanism called sequestration which imposes across-the-board cuts, which I mentioned a moment ago. The purpose of this sequestration—or these across-the-board cuts—is to do something in the absence of us doing what we should do; in other words, we should take it upon ourselves to figure out what the appropriate spending lev-els should be for defense and non-defense, and then we should act to ap-propriate that money. But this is basi-cally a fail-safe mechanism, which op-erates as a result of our failure to deal with this in a proactive way, and it has hit our defense spending much, much harder than domestic spending. As we know, neither our defense spending nor tax cuts are the cause of our deficits and debt. It is the 70 per-cent of spending that happens in the Federal Government on autopilot. It is the entitlements that have been going up well in excess of 5 percent a year and are causing instability and unpre-dictability in those important pro-grams, such as Medicare and Social Se-curity, but at the same time racking up huge deficits and debt that future generations are going to have to pay back. Somebody is going to have to pay it back, and it won’t be the present generation because we won’t be around then. It is simply immoral to continue to see this happen without trying to deal with it. But back on the matter of the Pen-tagon, as one op-ed writer put it in the Washington Post last month—he said: 
The Pentagon and the welfare state have been locked in brutal combat for decades, and the Pentagon has gotten clobbered. . . . Welfare programs—Social Security, Medi-care, food stamps and other benefits—dwarf defense spending. 
In the 1950s and 1960s, defense spend-ing was roughly 8 to 10 percent of our economy. In 2016, it was just 3 percent. That is a huge change. James Clapper, the former Director of National Intelligence, said that in his 50 years in the intelligence commu-nity, he had never seen a more diverse array of threats confronting the United States around the world—never in his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.004 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S117 January 10, 2018 
50 years of experience. So we are sim-ply asking our military and our na-tional security personnel to do too much with too little. It is no surprise that Secretary of De-fense James Mattis said last June that ‘‘for all the heartache caused by the loss of our troops during [our] wars [abroad], no enemy in this field has done more to harm the readiness of our military than sequestration.’’ More recently, General Mattis said that so far our continuing resolutions have not done even greater damage to our readiness thanks to certain addi-tional or supplemental funding that we voted on. But at the same time, he so-berly cautioned that there could be real impact—and it won’t be positive, it will be negative—if the problem per-sists and if the Department of Defense doesn’t have a real budget sometime this month. His remarks echo that of practically every service chief. Together, their views mean we have to act. I don’t know who else we would listen to if we are not going to listen to the Secretary of Defense and our service chiefs when it comes to national security because that is their job, and we ought to take their advice and heed their counsel. Cuts in defense spending have real consequences. Much less money is available for training and necessary maintenance, for example. The length of deployments for our troops grows, and our soldiers are stretched thin. Our military is forced to operate beyond its normal capabilities. The former Air Force Chief of Staff recently described the Air Force as the smallest, oldest equipped, and least ready force across the full spectrum of operations in our service history. Those are chilling remarks—or should be. More than half of all Marine Corps fixed and rotary-wing aircraft were un-able to fly by the end of 2016. I have no doubt that we can turn that around very quickly if Congress were to step up to its responsibilities and ade-quately fund the military, but that is the status quo unless we act. The Navy fleet currently stands at 275 of the 350 ship requirement. Of our 58 Army bri-gade combat teams, only 3—3 out of 58—are ready for combat. Our enemies shouldn’t take any com-fort in these numbers because, as I said, the United States always pulls to-gether and Congress always acts when they see a national emergency. But it shouldn’t take an emergency for us to do our job and to make sure that our military is adequately funded and is ready to fight. As General Brooks in Seoul, South Korea, said, their motto is ‘‘ready to fight tonight.’’ That is the kind of world we live in. Last summer was the perfect exam-ple of why, when we draw attention to these numbers, we are not just blowing smoke. Operational accidents in the South Pacific exposed our readiness failures in a dramatic fashion and in a tragic fashion. Ten sailors died when the USS John S. McCain collided with a 600-foot merchant vessel off the coast of Singapore. Seven sailors died when the Fitzgerald collided with another vessel off the coast of Japan. And the USS Lake Champlain collided with a boat near Korea—although thankfully that time no lives were lost. This ought to be a wake-up call to all of us. Many have drawn credible correla-tions between these accidents that have taken the lives of our military servicemembers and our readiness fail-ures, citing studies like the 2015 inde-pendent investigation by the Govern-ment Accountability Office. That study determined that the Navy’s mandate to keep ships afloat in the Pacific was shortchanging crew training and de-grading the condition of our ships—in other words, additional readiness fail-ures. These accidents, by the way, are hap-pening at the same time our national security threats are not going away, as General Clapper’s comments would in-dicate. We have seen North Korea continue to improve its nuclear and long-range ballistic missile capabilities beyond the estimates of our intelligence com-munity—much faster—and detonate what is widely considered to be a hy-drogen bomb recently. We have seen large-scale protests in Iran—and I hope they continue—expos-ing the instability of a regime that continues to use its proxies to advance its aims throughout the broader Middle East; in other words, the No. 1 state sponsor of international terrorism— Iran. We ought to encourage the people of Iran to continue to rise up in protest and to change the regime there into one that does not prey on its neighbors in the region. We have seen a growing China—some-thing that more and more people are realizing is a threat. I know that when we deal with countries like China, fre-quently we deal with them in the com-mercial context where we see a busi-ness that hires people and we see in-vestments here in the United States. But what we need to recognize is that they don’t do business the way the United States does business. Sitting at the top of every company in China, in the board room of every Chinese com-pany, is the Communist Party. They operate on an all-of-government basis. And it is not just the government; it is also what we would consider the pri-vate sector. But, in truth, there is no private sector in China; it is all an arm of the government. It is posing a rising threat to American wages and labor as they erode our industrial base by steal-ing our technology. And because of loopholes in the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States—the so-called CFIUS process—they are now able to tailor financial arrangements through joint ventures and others in a way to capture our dual-purpose, cut-ting-edge technology. They then copy it in China and erode our defense indus-trial base here in the United States, along with the jobs that go with it. So it is a very real and present threat to American wages and workers. It is a threat to our intellectual property edge and the innovation that we are the best in the world at, but they are all too eager to steal it, copy it, and to harm the jobs and the investment in those businesses here in the United States. Of course, when it comes to China, there is the threat to human rights in nondemocratic nations like Venezuela and Zimbabwe, which China often has no qualms supporting. With this diverse array of dangers, we simply can’t afford to straitjacket our military by arbitrarily cutting the amount of money we appropriate to fund it. But that is what is going to happen unless we act—and act quickly. The current continuing resolution ex-pires on the 19th of this month. The truth is, even if we are able to come up with negotiated budget caps for defense and nondefense spending, we are probably going to have to have a short-term continuing resolution to give the Appropriations Committees time to put that into bill text. In other words, we can’t just snap our fingers once the decision has been made. It is going to take some time to actually put it on paper. The bottom line is, if we want to re-turn to having the strong military that we have always had, if we want to con-tinue to lead in the world, if we want to continue to be a force for peace and stability, we have to maintain our military strength. That was the lesson we had to learn again during the last administration when we saw America retreat from its leadership in the world. There are countries, tyrants, bullies, and dictators all too willing to fill the void left by American retreat, and one way we retreat is when we don’t fund the readiness of our military, when we are not ‘‘ready to fight tonight,’’ as General Brooks has said, and we need to start with ending this cycle of con-tinuing resolutions and defense seques-tration. So I come to the floor today to call on my colleagues from all across this Chamber, but specifically across the aisle, to quit holding our military hos-tage to other unrelated demands, and I urge this body to come together in agreement on new budget caps as soon as possible. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.006 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES118 January 10, 2018 
CHIP AND COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about an issue that is critical to patients and families in my home State of Wash-ington and across the country. Today, parents are wondering if they will be able to get the healthcare their kids need, and communities are wondering if they will be able to provide it. That is unacceptable. Congress has to swiftly and fully re-store the Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP, and funding for other services families need, like com-munity health centers, which have been waiting more than 100 days for a long-term solution. They should do so without making deep cuts to successful prevention programs in the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that tackle avoidable conditions like heart disease and diabetes. Democrats have wanted to get this done for months. By focusing on push-ing through partisan tax reform at the end of the year, Republicans instead put massive corporations and the wealthiest ahead of making sure our children and their families have the healthcare they need. I hope they are now ready to give these issues their full and immediate attention. In case they aren’t, I want to make sure they know exactly what this is about. It is about children like Stella. Stel-la lives in Washington State. She is 5 years old. She has two brothers. She has a love of the outdoors, especially swimming and kayaking. She has a typical kindergartner’s boundless en-ergy and excitement. But Stella was born with spina bifida, an issue with how her spinal cord was formed. In the past year of dealing with that condi-tion, Stella’s family went through 5 catheters a day, almost 2,000 in total. They went on 10 different occasions to have MRI scans. They went to get her new leg braces. Given the cost of all that, they went through their $5,000 de-ductible in the first 5 weeks of the year. That is right. It took just 5 weeks. Additionally, this year Stella is also scheduled to have bladder and kid-ney surgery. As one can imagine, the expenses are really adding up. Even with both par-ents working, covering Stella’s healthcare needs would be an unimagi-nable task. Fortunately, Stella does qualify for health insurance through CHIP. CHIP has helped her family af-ford the treatment she needs, including physical therapy. Stella’s story is just one of many ex-amples of families who rely on this pro-gram. There are 60,000 children in Washington State who are now insured through CHIP. Nine million families nationwide rely on it to help address the healthcare needs of their children. Yet Congress has taken over 102 days and counting to restore it. There is no excuse for this inaction. Families who rely on the CHIP Pro-gram are not alone in needing our im-mediate attention. Thanks to CHIP and Medicaid, the uninsured rate among children is now at an all-time low. Jeopardizing this accomplishment by letting CHIP twist in the wind is simply unacceptable. This Republican- controlled Congress has also failed to renew other investments that our fami-lies rely on for the care they need—pro-grams such as community health cen-ters, which serve 25 million patients, particularly in our rural and poorer communities; the National Health Service Corps, which brings doctors and other healthcare providers to un-derserved areas through scholarships and loan repayment; and the Teaching Health Center Graduate Medical Edu-cation Program, which brings primary care and dental residencies to commu-nities in need. Leaving these programs without long-term extensions a minute longer is utterly irresponsible because this lack of certainty for them is al-ready bringing a negative impact on our communities. For example, the Northeast Wash-ington Health Programs serve some of most the rural areas in my State, in-cluding Ferry County, which has fewer than four people per square mile. They are struggling to hire needed medical staff and managers because of this un-certainty that is now there. Ferry County cannot wait. The Community Health Association of Spokane runs 12 health center sites and sees more than 70,000 patients a year. They recently began offering very much needed opioid addiction treat-ment. If Congress does not reauthorize the community health center funding, those efforts will be jeopardized and ex-pansions will be halted. Spokane can-not wait. Yakima Neighborhood Health Serv-ices served over 22,000 patients in 2016. Almost all of those patients were below 200 percent of the Federal poverty line. If Congress does not act soon, three different clinics, including a clinic in one of the poorest cities in Wash-ington, will be at risk. Yakima cannot wait. I have heard additional stories of similar hardships from across my State. North Olympic Healthcare Net-work has had to put expansions on be-havioral healthcare on hold. Another health center in Washington may have to reconsider building a new children’s dental residency program. A center serving Whatcom County may have to cancel a project for medical, dental, and behavioral healthcare facilities as well. Across the country there are a lot of examples for community health cen-ters just like the ones I mentioned. Healthcare that people of all ages and backgrounds rely on is being put in jeopardy, all because Republicans prioritized tax cuts for those at the top before the health needs of millions of people at the end of last year. It is far past time to show these fam-ilies that we are willing to work to get this done. We need to give them the peace of mind that they can get the healthcare they need. They deserve that. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. (The remarks of Mr. NELSON per-taining to the introduction of S. 2292 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. NELSON. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. HEINRICH. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DACA  
Mr. HEINRICH. Madam President, I rise today to stand up for the hundreds of thousands of young immigrants known as Dreamers, whose lives Presi-dent Trump has thrown into terrifying uncertainty. Immigrant communities have long helped write the economic, social, and cultural story of my home State of New Mexico and, for that matter, the entire Nation. That is certainly true for Dreamers, undocumented immi-grants who arrived in the United States as children and are vital mem-bers of communities across New Mex-ico. Over the years, I have had the privi-lege of meeting many of New Mexico’s estimated 7,000 Dreamers. I have met with students who grew up here and are now striving to become doctors, sci-entists, teachers, and even serve in our military. These young people are our children’s classmates. They are our next-door neighbors. They are our col-leagues. They are family members, and many are truly rising stars. In fact, I would argue that these Dreamers are the future of a great America. Every day these young people add to the strength of our economy, to the vi-tality of our country. More than 97 per-cent of DACA recipients are in school or in the workforce. The DACA Program allowed them to work legally, to get driver’s licenses, to go to college, to serve in our mili-tary and give back to their commu-nities. DACA helped almost 70 percent of recipients secure a job with better pay, and better pay leads to real in-vestments in our communities and our economy. After their DACA applications were approved, nearly two-thirds of recipi-ents reported buying their first car, and almost one in six reported buying a new home. DACA recipients also paid billions of dollars in Federal, State, and local taxes. Why on Earth would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.008 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S119 January 10, 2018 
we kick out these contributors to our economy and our country? The economic impact of removing nearly 700,000 workers from the U.S. workforce would be staggering. It would cost our economy nearly half a trillion dollars in GDP loss over the next decade. But passing the Dream Act could add an estimated $281 billion to the U.S. economy over the next 10 years. That, to me, sounds like putting America first. I stand with these Dreamers, and I always have. One of my first actions when I was in the House of Representa-tives was to sign on as an original co-sponsor of the Dream Act, which would create a pathway to legal status and citizenship for Dreamers who pursue higher education or serve our Nation in uniform. This commonsense, compas-sionate, and responsible policy is long overdue for a generation of young Americans. Since President Trump made the heartless decision to end DACA, I have held his administration accountable for their mishandling of renewal applica-tions for DACA recipients. My office has assisted Dreamers in New Mexico through the DACA renewal process and is actively participating in meetings with communities and local advocacy groups throughout the State. I introduced legislation to safeguard Dreamers’ private information, such as addresses and telephone numbers, so the Trump administration can’t use those to target them or their families for deportation. When my office learned that the De-partment of Homeland Security had ar-bitrarily rejected hundreds of renewal applications that arrived late because they were delayed by the Postal Serv-ice, I pressed the administration to take immediate action to reverse its decision. I am pleased to say that Dreamers whose applications were re-jected due to Postal Service delays were allowed to resubmit their renew-als for DACA. In fact, just last week, the first two DACA recipients in New Mexico, who brought this to my atten-tion with the help of Catholic Char-ities, were told that they could move forward with their DACA renewal ap-plications. President Trump’s decision means that until Congress passes the Dream Act, these young members of our com-munities still face deep uncertainty about whether they will be able to stay in school, keep working and contrib-uting to our economy, and remain in the Nation that they call home. Congress must pass the Dream Act now. Threatening to deport these young people who grew up in America and want to contribute to their Nation will not fix our broken immigration system. Making the American people foot the bill to build an unnecessary and wasteful border wall—which fami-lies in New Mexico’s border commu-nities have told me they do not want nor do they need—will not fix our bro-ken immigration system. President Trump and congressional Republicans wasted an entire year try-ing to take away American’s healthcare and then rushing through tax breaks for the superwealthy in the final weeks of the year. By squandering an entire year, they pushed Dreamers aside and put their lives in jeopardy. I voted to fund the government through the holidays in hopes that Congress could finally reach an agree-ment to pass the Dream Act. We also urgently need to reauthorize the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, fix wildfire disaster funding, provide dis-aster relief for Puerto Rico, which is still recovering from Hurricane Maria. Taking care of these long-neglected and bipartisan priorities is the bare minimum of governance. Republican leaders in Congress need to take this opportunity seriously, especially if they expect our support. I will be fighting every step of the way to pass the Dream Act, and I en-courage all of my colleagues to do the same. Since President Trump shamefully pulled the rug out from under Dream-ers when he hastily ended the DACA Program, I have spent time meeting with Dreamers in New Mexico, as well as here in Washington. You cannot hear their stories without realizing how morally bankrupt the administra-tion’s current policy is. It is impossible for me to convey the desperation and the fear they are feeling every day that passes without our passing the Dream Act. Now is the time to give these young Americans a permanent place in this great Nation. Enough is enough. Their patience has worn thin with the Presi-dent and congressional Republicans using them as political bargaining chips. It is immoral to play politics with the lives of these young Ameri-cans. I will say it again. Congress abso-lutely must pass the Dream Act, and we have an opportunity to do it now. We should not stop once we pass the Dream Act. Leaders in Congress have waited far too long to finally address our Nation’s overall broken immigra-tion system. I still continue to believe that our Nation urgently needs Con-gress to pass comprehensive immigra-tion reform, which includes a visa pro-gram that meets the needs of our econ-omy. It is a tough but fair path to earn citizenship for the estimated 11 million people in our country who are undocu-mented and a plan that ensures com-munity safety and security at our bor-ders. When I think about immigration, I always wonder how different my own life would be if America had turned my father away when he immigrated here as a young boy. Our Nation’s enduring spirit has been built by the hard work and the dreams of so many striving young immigrants like my father in the 1930s and like so many Dreamers today. No Member of Congress should be able to rest until Dreamers are able to rest easy, knowing they will be able to stay and to contribute to literally the only Nation they have ever called home. Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT  
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, just last week we began the second session of the 115th Congress. We are now safe-ly into 2018, and we should be talking about what we can accomplish for the American people in the new year. We simply face a long list of unfinished business from 2017—last year—and, un-fortunately, we have a very short win-dow in which to get it done. We are 4 months into fiscal year 2018, and we still don’t have a budget deal. I am vice chairman of the Appropria-tions Committee. We should have had this done long before now. Our agencies are operating under last year’s funding levels. They have little flexibility to handle the problems they face today. We still haven’t reauthorized the Children’s Health Insurance Program, what we call CHIP, so that puts the healthcare of 9 million children at risk. These are American children. Nearly 800,000 Dreamers live under uncertainty and fear of deportation, living in the country they have known most of their lives. I don’t know how anybody, Republican or Democrat, could call this acceptable. Now, I know the Republicans control the House, they control the Senate, and they control the White House. They are in charge. They have to show responsibility and show leadership on these issues, but instead of addressing these issues, last year the Republican leadership spent time rolling back sen-sible regulations designed to protect the American consumer, designed to protect our environment, and designed to protect people from harassment in the workplace. They rolled those all back, and then they passed a massive tax cut for big corporations and the wealthiest of Americans. We Democrats have been calling for bipartisan budget talks since June—7 months ago. We have passed three con-tinuing resolutions since September of last year to give us more time to strike a deal on the budget and Dreamers and CHIP and disaster funding. These are just to name a few, but they are enor-mously important to the people who are experiencing the disasters or who have children who need healthcare or who are Dreamers. Yet, on the 102nd day of the fiscal year, there are only 9 days until the next fiscal cliff, and we don’t have a budget deal. President Trump said months ago that the country could use a good gov-ernment shutdown. I don’t agree with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.010 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES120 January 10, 2018 
him, but I am beginning to think that is exactly what his party is angling for—a manufactured crisis to distract from the fact that they are not doing their job. The Washington Post seemed to con-firm this last December, when it re-ported the President privately told people that a government shutdown would be good for him politically. In all of my years in the Senate—I have been here under Republican and Demo-cratic Presidents alike—I have never heard such damaging rhetoric come from the President of the United States. Nobody wants a government shut-down—nobody. It is devastating to peo-ple not only throughout the govern-ment but to people throughout the whole country. However, that seems to be what they are vying for. For months, I have been calling for a bipartisan budget deal that is based on parity—equal increases for defense and nondefense programs—that would pro-vide relief from sequestration. I agree with the Republicans and Democrats who say military readiness has suffered under sequestration but so has our Na-tion’s economy, so has our educational system, so has our infrastructure, and so has our care for our veterans. If we want to combat the problems caused by sequestration, we have to raise the caps on both sides of the ledg-er. Fixing one side of the equation will not address the needs of our Nation and, even worse, will actually short-change our military. If we don’t invest in our economy, if we don’t invest in the education of our youth, the military will not have ex-pert, qualified soldiers, the men and women on whom they rely. If we don’t invest in our diplomacy, our Nation and the world become less safe. If we don’t improve our cyber security de-fenses and our physical infrastructure, we become soft targets for those who would do us harm, both in this country and outside this country. If we don’t care for our veterans, we are not going to have young men and women who are willing to serve. This week, the majority leader came to the floor making the case for in-creased defense spending. He asked us to listen to our nonpartisan military leaders about what they think is need-ed to keep this country safe. I couldn’t agree more. To that end, I have two letters signed by a combined 560 retired admirals, generals, and other former military members. I ask unanimous consent to have these letters printed in the R
ECORD following my remarks. I have no idea what these admirals’, generals’, and others’ political parties are, but they make the case that we have to increase our investment in do-mestic priorities—including education and childcare, as well as diplomacy—if we are going to keep our country safe and support our military. Secretary of Defense Mattis said even more bluntly: If we do not fully fund the State De-partment, we should be prepared to buy more ammunition for our military. The wisdom of our military leaders notwithstanding, Republicans appear to be dug in. They claim equal in-creases for both defense and nondefense programs would add too much to our deficit and burden our children. It is one over the other. It is hard to have somebody say that with a straight face in the wake of the President signing a tax bill to add $1.5 trillion to our Na-tion’s debt and to benefit primarily large corporations and the wealthiest Americans. You can’t make the argu-ment that we can’t afford to take care of our domestic needs. It is simply not credible. Budget negotiations are not the only place where Republicans haven’t en-gaged in a productive way. President Trump’s decision to end the DACA Pro-gram has put nearly 800,000 Dreamers in this country in an untenable posi-tion. The decision was as cruel as it was senseless. It may make a tweet that people look at, but if you are one of those Dreamers and you are on your way to school and are expecting a scholarship to college and you don’t know if you are going to be in this country tomorrow, that is not a tweet. The President should have worked with Congress. He should have found a permanent legislative solution while keeping DACA protections in place. I believe he terminated the program under false pretenses, yielding to xenophobic voices in his administra-tion, and last night a Federal judge issued an order that said just that: Ter-minating DACA was not required under the law—far from it. But a court order that only temporarily halts the admin-istration from dismantling DACA pro-vides little comfort to Dreamers. They live each and every day uncertain of the future and with fear of deportation. Now, I have heard Members of the Senate trying to decide at what time we are going to finish voting for the week. Their big fear is this: Are we going to make our flight home? Dreamers have to worry if their flight is going to be out of this country and back to a country they don’t even know. They worry if they will have to leave the country they know and love. Dreamers are Americans in every way, except on paper. They were brought here as children, through no fault of their own. They are law-abid-ing members of our community. They attend school. They serve as doctors and teachers. They defend our home-land as brave men and women in uni-form. This is a crisis of the President’s own making. Now, Congress needs to pick up the pieces. I hope, after the meeting yesterday, we will be allowed to pick up the pieces. We have spent months trying to find a path forward, but you can’t find one if the administration keeps moving the goalposts. We need to address the fate of the Dreamers now. You can take a poll in this country. The American people want us to. Also, look at the broad bi-partisan support on display yesterday at the White House. Republicans and Democrats want to fix the mess that the President created. A solution should be within our grasp. The White House has made unreason-able demands, such as $18 billion of American tax dollars to build a wall on the southern border, in exchange for Dreamers. The $18 billion wall is last century’s solution. It does nothing for this century. If they really believe Mexico is going to pay for it, I have a solution. Open a bank account and, as Mexico sends us money, then use it to build a wall. Don’t ask the American taxpayers, who are strapped at home, to pay for some-thing the President says the Mexicans will pay for. Open an account, find out if they are telling the truth, let the money come into the account, and then build it. But, worse, don’t use the Dreamers as negotiable commodities. They are not commodities. They are human beings. They are people who deserve to have their dreams. Let’s pass a bill—we could do it this week—protecting Dreamers now. Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the White House. This is their government. We have a week and a half before the next continuing resolution expires. We have a lot to do. Let’s get serious. Let’s get to work. I am willing to work here every day, every night, right through the weekend. Let’s get it done. We are not doing it for us. We are doing it for all the American people. Let’s do it for all the American people—not for special interests, not for one party. Let’s do it for all the American people. It could be done, if we want to. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
MISSION : READINESS , C
OUNCIL FOR A STRONG AMERICA , May 30, 2017. M
EMBERS OF CONGRESS : As retired admirals and generals, we know from our experience that no matter how much we spend to build our military and procure the latest and greatest technology, we will never be a se-cure nation if we do not have qualified and skilled men and women to fill the ranks of our Armed Forces. Therefore, investing in education for our youngest children, which is the foundation of our future national secu-rity, is essential. Accordingly, we urge Con-gress to prioritize investments in early childhood programs, including funding for Head Start, the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG), and Preschool Devel-opment Grants in FY18 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill. Mission: Readiness is the national security organization of retired top military leaders that recognize the strength of our military depends on our people. The stunning fact is that today, 71 percent of young adults ages 17 to 24 cannot qualify for military service because they are too poorly educated, medi-cally or physically unfit, or have a disquali-fying record of crime or drug abuse. if these issues are not addressed, the Nation risks a shortage of qualified recruits—one that will leave the country vulnerable for years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.011 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S121 January 10, 2018 
Mounting research shows that the early years of life have an incredible impact on educational attainment, behaviors and health. High-quality early interventions can help vulnerable children succeed in school, stay on the right side of the law and achieve a healthy weight in the long-term. These outcomes open the doors for many career paths, including military service. Long-term studies of early education pro-grams show impressive differences in chil-dren’s educational outcomes. A recent anal-ysis of Head Start outcomes, comparing sib-lings who did versus did not attend the pro-gram, found participants showing increased probability of graduating from high school, attending college, and receiving a postsec-ondary credential. High-quality state pre-school programs have also demonstrated lasting effects on students’ elementary- school performance. New Jersey’s preschool program, for example, found that children in the program were three-quarters of a year ahead in math and two-thirds of a year ahead in literacy in the fourth and fifth grades. While Congress faces tough spending choices ahead to secure and protect our Na-tion, we know that the backbone of our mili-tary is, and will always be, our women and men in uniform. As a matter of national se-curity, in order to grow the pool of eligible recruits, Congress must prioritize invest-ments in early childhood programs, includ-ing funding for Head Start, the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG), and Preschool Development Grants. Signed by a combined 424 retired admirals, generals, and other former military mem-bers. 
FEBRUARY 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate. Hon. C
HUCK SCHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN, M INORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI , MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , AND M
INORITY LEADER SCHUMER : As you and your colleagues address the federal budget for Fis-cal Year 2018, we write as retired three and four star flag and general officers from all branches of the armed services to share our strong conviction that elevating and strengthening diplomacy and development alongside defense are critical to keeping America safe. We know from our service in uniform that many of the crises our nation faces do not have military solutions alone—from con-fronting violent extremist groups like ISIS in the Middle East and North Africa to pre-venting pandemics like Ebola and stabilizing weak and fragile states that can lead to greater instability. There are 65 million dis-placed people today, the most since World War II, with consequences including refugee flows that are threatening America’s stra-tegic allies in Israel, Jordan, Turkey, and Europe. The State Department, USAID, Millen-nium Challenge Corporation, Peace Corps and other development agencies are critical to preventing conflict and reducing the need to put our men and women in uniform in harm’s way. As Secretary James Mattis said while Commander of U.S. Central Command, ‘‘If you don’t fully fund the State Depart-ment, then I need to buy more ammunition.’’ The military will lead the fight against ter-rorism on the battlefield, but it needs strong civilian partners in the battle against the drivers of extremism—lack of opportunity, insecurity, injustice, and hopelessness. We recognize that America’s strategic in-vestments in diplomacy and development— like all of U.S. investments—must be effec-tive and accountable. Significant reforms have been undertaken since 9/11, many of which have been embodied in recent legisla-tion in Congress with strong bipartisan sup-port—on human trafficking, the rights of women and girls, trade and energy in Africa, wildlife trafficking, water, food security, and transparency and accountability. We urge you to ensure that resources for the International Affairs Budget keep pace with the growing global threats and opportu-nities we face. Now is not the time to re-treat. cc: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. cc: Secretary of Defense James Mattis. cc: National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster. Signed by a combined 121 retired admirals, generals, and other former military mem-bers. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, my colleague from Vermont, Senator B
ER-
NIESANDERS , wrote what I feel was a terrific op-ed about why we should not and do not need to close down the gov-ernment, why we can do our work and why we should, and that people rely on us, too. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the op-ed be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, Jan. 8, 2018] I
T’SO N REPUBLICANS TOSTOP A SHUTDOWN  (By Bernie Sanders) I do not know why President Trump and the Republican Party—which controls the White House, the Senate and the House—are so willing to shut down the government. Maybe they think it will be good for them politically. Maybe they believe the chaos created by a government shutdown would be a welcome distraction from the ongoing Rus-sia investigation being conducted by special counsel Robert S. Mueller III. Whatever the motives of the Republican leadership, one thing is clear: A government shutdown would be disastrous for the American people. A shutdown would harm tens of millions of working-class families who would be unable to access vital services. It would disrupt the lives of hundreds of thousands of federal em-ployees who would not receive the paychecks they expected. It would endanger members of the U.S. military who are putting their lives on the line defending our nation. Congress has a responsibility to the Amer-ican people to prevent a shutdown and work in a bipartisan manner to reach a fair budget agreement that addresses the very serious problems facing the working people of our country. Unfortunately, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R–Ky.) ratcheted up threats of a government shutdown last week by insisting on ending the long-standing, bi-partisan agreement over parity for defense and non-defense spending. This principle of parity is enormously important for working families and is something that cannot be ter-minated. If we do not act, funding for edu-cation, child care, health care, nutrition as-sistance, affordable housing and other impor-tant domestic programs will be at a 40-year low as a percentage of our economy. As the middle class continues to shrink, cuts to non-defense spending would cause even worse economic pain to working fami-lies, the elderly, children, the sick and the most vulnerable. Meanwhile, as Trump and the Republicans demand an unbelievable $100 billion increase in military spending over the next two years, the Defense Department has been inoculated from budget cuts over the past several years because of the Over-seas Contingency Operations loophole—a special account not subject to spending caps established by Congress in 2011. Providing parity in these budget negotia-tions means, among other things, fully fund-ing—without offsets—the Children’s Health Insurance Program for 9 million kids and community health centers for 27 million Americans. It means increased funding for the Social Security Administration and the Veterans Administration so they can provide guaranteed benefits to seniors and veterans who have earned them. It means keeping our obligations to more than 1.5 million workers and retirees who are about to lose a large part of the pensions they were promised. It means addressing the crisis of student debt, expanding child care, improving our crum-bling infrastructure in rural America and protecting our national parks. It means pro-viding help in the national struggle against opioid and heroin addiction. Furthermore, as part of the budget nego-tiations, we must also provide adequate dis-aster relief to Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, as well as assistance to the Western states recovering from ter-rible wildfires. Finally, Trump added even more fuel to the fire when he decided to use 800,000 ‘‘dreamers’’ as a bargaining chip for an $18 billion wall that the overwhelming majority of Americans do not want. These dreamers are young people who have lived in this country for almost their entire lives. They go to school. They work. They serve in the U.S. military. The United States is their home; they know no other. For Trump and the Republican leadership to allow their legal status to expire, and to subject them to deportation, would be one of the cruelest acts in modern American history. It must not be allowed to happen. This is not just my viewpoint. It’s what the American people want. A recent Quinnipiac University poll showed that 77 percent of the American people, including a large majority of Republicans, support pro-viding legal protections for the dreamers. The Republican Congress must act. A clean Dream Act must be signed into law as part of any budget agreement. The American people are increasingly dis-gusted with a government that protects the interests of the wealthy and the powerful, while ignoring the needs of the vulnerable. The U.S. government must do more than provide huge tax breaks to billionaires, cal-lously deport young people, greatly expand military spending, end net neutrality, deny the reality of climate change and threaten to cut Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, education and nutrition programs. We must pass a budget agreement that addresses the needs of Americans and not just billionaire campaign contributors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.003 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES122 January 10, 2018 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, when we were debating the tax relief law at the end of last year, it was a very familiar debate in many ways. Republicans came to the floor with facts and figures on how much extra money people were going to see in their pockets and their paychecks. Demo-crats came to the floor with the same old tired line that you always hear them talk about—the millionaires and billionaires. Republicans pointed out economic studies that showed that workers right now pay more than 70 percent of the cost of corporate taxes. We talked about a study by the Tax Foundation that predicted that if we passed the tax relief bill, the average family would ac-tually see a gain of about $2,600 a year in their after-tax income. It was partly because of getting the tax cut and part-ly because their employers would then pass on much of the tax cut in higher wages. Democrats didn’t believe it. They said that only rich people would benefit and that businesses would never share their tax savings with the workers. The Democratic leader said that ‘‘tax cuts like these benefit the wealthy and the powerful to the exclu-sion of the middle class.’’ Here we are. It is the month after we passed the tax relief bill, the tax reduc-tion bill, and the tax simplification bill, and the question is, Who was right? The very day the tax bill passed in Congress, AT&T came out and said it was giving its workers a bonus. It said that 200,000 hard-working employ-ees were going to get an extra $1,000 each directly because of the new tax re-lief, tax reduction, tax cut bill. The Tax Foundation predicted that they would eventually get an extra $2,600, and these people are already getting $1,000 each on day one. That has opened the floodgates to other companies doing the exact same thing and employees around the coun-try experiencing the exact same thing. Businesses started sharing the tax sav-ings with rank-and-file, middle-class workers, and it started on day one—not just the wealthy and the powerful, as Senator S
CHUMER has predicted. Over 120 companies have said they are rais-ing wages, giving out bonuses, and in-vesting in their workers because of the tax law. It adds up to over $980 mil-lion—$980 million in the pockets of hard-working men and women around the country. How many people are see-ing that? By last count, almost 1 mil-lion hard-working Americans—over 970,000 hard-working Americans have already gotten the good news. There is more good news coming every day, with more announcements today. It is exactly what Republicans said would happen. It is happening for people who work at banks, who work at insurance companies, who work at air-lines. It is happening for people who work at big companies, such as AT&T, Visa, and Comcast, but it is also hap-pening for people who work at smaller companies, such as a winery in Cali-fornia and an aviation company in Texas. These are businesses and people in communities who are important parts of their communities and doing important jobs. The employees work hard, and now they are getting a share of the relief the Republicans had pre-dicted they would get all along. And they are not just getting cash bonuses. There is a bank in Massachusetts called Berkshire Hills Bancorp. They announced last week that the people working there will be getting a $1,000 bonus and will also see the minimum wage raised to $15 an hour. More is being invested in employee development and training programs. When you invest more in employee de-velopment and training programs, that means people are going to have addi-tional skills that make them even more productive, better at their jobs, and qualify for even higher wages. This bank in Massachusetts is also contributing an extra $2 million to its charitable efforts, including scholar-ships. That helps improve the commu-nities where the workers live and where they raise their families. Democrats said it is not going to happen. It has happened. It is hap-pening every day. They said that busi-nesses would keep the money for them-selves. That is not what we are seeing all across the country. Ms. WARREN , the senior Senator from Massachusetts, went on PBS. The sen-ior Senator from Massachusetts said that the idea that tax relief would lead to higher wages was, in her words, ‘‘the big lie that Republicans have been sell-ing’’ for decades. She said that tax re-lief was ‘‘an insult to working families across America.’’ I would point out to Senator W
ARREN  that many of the people who work at this bank are in her home State of Massachusetts. People have gotten wage increases. People have gotten ad-ditional money spent on training so they can become more valuable and make even more money. People have seen the minimum wage in that busi-ness go up. The workers getting these bonuses and raises in their pay are her constituents. Does she think these peo-ple are feeling insulted? Does she be-lieve they have been insulted by get-ting a $1,000 bonus and getting an in-crease in their salaries and having in-vestments in terms of additional train-ing? Is that an insult to those people? I don’t think so. I bet they are feeling pretty glad to be supported and valued by their employer. There is another business in Nevada, South Point Casino. Workers there are receiving $1 million total in bonuses. Previously, this business had actually planned to increase the share of health insurance costs that its employees would have to pay because health in-surance costs have gone up. Health insurance prices have sky-rocketed ever since ObamaCare was passed. Companies have struggled with how to deal with these rising costs. Many have tried to pass these on to the employees. This company in Nevada has said that because of the Republican tax re-lief law, they are canceling their plans to raise insurance costs—canceling their plans to raise the costs. That is more money in employees’ pockets. The owner of the business said: ‘‘We want to be sure that our extended fam-ily is taken care of.’’ That is the way these people think of the people who work for them—as part of their ex-tended family. That is how employers are responding to tax relief all around the country, and that is what we said would happen. We also predicted that one way busi-nesses might deal with lower taxes would be to cut prices for consumers, let people who use their services or buy their products keep more of their hard- earned money. Americans are starting to see that prediction come true in the form of lower utility bills. Gas, elec-tric, and water utilities across the country are getting ready to cut their rates because the taxes are going down under the law. Customers of the power company in Baltimore are going to re-ceive millions of dollars in the form of lower rates. It has been a cold winter on the east coast, and a lower electric bill is going to be good news for a lot of people in that area. Customers are also likely to see the same thing in Missouri, South Carolina, and Lou-isiana. These are the kinds of effects we are seeing all across the country, in var-ious ways. It is all good news for con-sumers, all good news for people at home as a result of the tax reduction, tax relief, tax cuts passed by Repub-licans and signed by President Trump. Americans are getting the benefits of tax relief. They are getting the benefit of regulatory relief and the pro-growth policies of Republicans in Congress and the Trump administration. People are seeing it in their daily lives. The poll-ing company Gallup said that as soon as Donald Trump was elected Presi-dent, economic confidence in this coun-try soared. That is what the polls found. It has stayed positive almost without interruption ever since. It is the exact opposite of what polls were showing during the previous 8 years, in the previous administration. That was during the so-called economic recov-ery. Why are people so optimistic now? It is because you can’t open a newspaper or turn on a television without seeing more good news about the economy. New employment numbers came out last Friday. CNN had a headline: ‘‘U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.014 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S123 January 10, 2018 
economy added 2 million jobs in 2017.’’ The Washington Post’s headline was ‘‘Trump’s first-year jobs numbers were very, very good.’’ Bloomberg reported that the Christmas shopping season was ‘‘probably the best one in a dec-ade.’’ People are feeling confident. They are seeing higher wages, they are seeing cash bonuses, and soon they will start seeing the tax cut in their pay-checks. The American people know that Re-publicans have kept our promise. We are cutting regulations, cutting taxes, putting more money back in their pockets. That is what hard-working Americans have asked us to do, and that is what we are going to continue to do. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I rise to discuss the positive impact the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will have on Iowa farmers. Of course, our Iowa agricultural economy is really important, and those men and women who are serving as farmers, ranchers, and growers in the State of Iowa mean the world to me, coming from a farm my family had in Southwest Iowa. We all understand this has been a very challenging time for farmers in our rural communities. The commu-nity I come from in Southwest Iowa has just 10,000 people in our county. Many of them have faced the chal-lenges of the economic downturn. Since their peaks in 2012, corn prices have de-clined by 60 percent and soybean prices have declined by 47 percent. My neigh-bors are hurting, folks. Farm income has nearly been cut in half since 2013. A lot of our producers are hurting, especially our young and beginning farmers who have gotten their start just in maybe the last 10 years or so, but, fortunately for our farmers, our ranchers, and our growers, tax relief is on its way. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will provide sweeping tax cuts for farmers and rural communities, allow-ing our producers to keep more of those hard-earned dollars. About 95 percent of farms are orga-nized as passthrough businesses, such as sole proprietorships, partnerships, and S corps. These businesses are taxed under individual tax rules and will ben-efit from lower tax rates for every in-come bracket. On top of that, they will see significant relief through a new 20- percent deduction on passthrough busi-ness income. The law also provides re-lief from the costly individual mandate which forced many farmers to choose between buying an expensive ObamaCare plan through their State exchange or being fined. Now, just a couple of years ago, I re-member a very intense conversation I had with a beginning farmer in North-east Iowa. When he was purchasing his insurance through the State exchange, the cost had more than doubled. He was shaking he was so upset about it, and he explained to me the additional cost of that individual policy was his truck payment. There was no room in his budget for the additional cost of that insurance policy so he had to make that choice: Do I purchase through the individual exchange or do I make my truck payment? Fortu-nately, within this bill, we have that relief. He can make that choice, and the choice is his on whether he makes that truck payment and forgoes the in-surance or whether now he can do without that type of insurance and not be fined because he was too poor to af-ford it. In addition, the bill dramatically ex-pands section 179 expensing and allows 5 years of 100 bonus depreciation. Both of these changes will foster much need-ed investment in farms throughout Iowa. The law also preserves a number of important tax provisions for farmers, including the interest deduction, cash accounting, and the use of like-kind exchanges for property. Last, but certainly not least, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act doubles the Federal estate tax exemption while preserving the stepped-up basis. The death tax can have a devastating impact on family farms. Over 90 percent of farm assets cannot be sold easily without losing value. Especially as we continue to ex-perience a downturn in that ag econ-omy, family farmers are sometimes left with no choice but to sell land or the equipment they use to farm that land when they are forced to pay that tax. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a big step in the right direction for agri-culture. I am thankful to the President for his leadership and to my colleagues in the Senate and the House for helping get this long-needed bill done. On be-half of agriculture, thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise to highlight the positive impacts our historic tax reform law will have on the agricultural community. Agriculture is Arkansas’ largest in-dustry by far, adding $16 billion to our economy every year and accounting for approximately one in every six jobs. We are the top rice-producing State in the Nation, No. 2 in the Nation in broiler chicken production, and the third largest producer of catfish in the United States. We could also clothe and shelter ourselves from fiber grown in Arkansas, as we are the third in the Nation in cotton production and the fifth largest softwood lumber-pro-ducing State. You could keep going down the list, and you would find Ar-kansas as one of the Nation’s top 10 producers of a number of agricultural commodities. Clearly, ensuring that Washington helps create an economic environment that allows the agricultural industry to thrive is extremely important to my home State of Arkansas. When Presi-dent Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act into law, his signature pro-vided much needed tax relief to Amer-ica’s farmers. More than 94 percent of farms are organized as passthrough businesses, which means they are im-pacted by the same tax provisions as individual filers. Lower tax rates across the board and a 20-percent de-duction from their taxable income means immediate savings, which can be reinvested to help grow their oper-ations. Ninety seven percent of the farms in Arkansas are family owned, and the vast majority of them will now be ex-empt from the estate tax—the death tax. This is a big deal. It will help keep those farms and ranches in the family for generations to come. Finally, farmers and ranchers will be able to expense 100 percent of their cap-ital investments, such as equipment, over the next 4 years. In his address to the Farm Bureau earlier this week, the President called this the ‘‘sleeper’’ in the bill. He is right. People don’t real-ize and there hasn’t been enough talk about how beneficial this provision will be for our family-run agricultural oper-ations. The substance of the Presi-dent’s Farm Bureau speech tilted heav-ily toward our efforts to bring stability and predictability to the economy. As we have witnessed over the course of the previous administration, uncer-tainty is devastating to our economy. There are few industries that are inher-ently more affected by uncertainty than agriculture. This is why we have taken steps to eliminate some of the punitive, needless regulations that cre-ate uncertainty for our farmers and our ranchers. It is also why my colleagues and I on the Agriculture Committee, under the steadfast leadership of Chairman R
OB-
ERTS , are working hard to reauthorize the farm bill. Programs are authorized by the farm bill that are absolutely vital to farmers, ranchers, and con-sumers. These programs will provide more certainty in rural America to ad-dress the challenges ahead. Finally, it is why we took great care to ensure that the agricultural industry will see the benefits of tax reform. Establishing a tax code that works for our farmers and ranchers, as opposed to against them, is vital to their ability to plan for the future and invigorate our rural communities. I am proud of our efforts to pass this landmark tax reform law, and I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.016 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES124 January 10, 2018 
confident it will have lasting, positive effects for our economy. With that, I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
NOMINATION OF MICHAEL BROWN  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I am honored and privileged to come to the floor of the Senate today to talk about Michael Brown, appointed by President Donald Trump to be a district judge on the U.S. District Court for the North-ern District of Georgia. Mr. Brown is an outstanding citizen of our State. He is married to a won-derful lady and has three wonderful children. He is a graduate of Marist School, a graduate of Georgetown Uni-versity, and a graduate of the Univer-sity of Georgia Law School, magna cum laude, in 1994. He has a record of practicing law in the private sector that is unparalleled, having worked for both King & Spald-ing and also Alston & Bird. King & Spalding produced many of the judges on the bench of the United States of America with distinguished records, not the least of which is the Attorney General under President Jimmy Carter, Griffin Bell, an out-standing Attorney General from our State. They also produced Sam Nunn, an outstanding Member of the Senate. They produced many judges in our State. Many were also produced from the firm where he practices now, which is Alston & Bird. It is a privilege for me to talk about Michael for many reasons. Most impor-tantly, he comes with a background of experience in the private sector. He has been recommended by the U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce as one of the great lawyers in the United States of Amer-ica in business matters. One of the things our courts need is a tempered balance of business and consumers. There is no question that someone who is not a voice for business as a judge but has experience in business as a judge will make a tremendous dif-ference. I know he will in the Northern District of Georgia. I thank the President for nominating Michael and making this appointment. To the Members of the Senate, I urge you to join me in voting for Michael Brown for the Northern District of Georgia to be our next judge there. He will be a great judge on the bench. It will be a great decision for us, and it will continue the growth and improve-ment of outstanding jurists confirmed by this Senate in this year 2018. I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent to begin the series of votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Parker nomina-tion? Mr. BURR. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 98, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 5 Ex.] YEAS—98 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—2 
Booker McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Michael Lawrence Brown, of Geor-gia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia. Mitch McConnell, Deb Fischer, John Bar-rasso, John Thune, Roger F. Wicker, James M. Inhofe, Johnny Isakson, Mike Crapo, Tom Cotton, Chuck Grass-ley, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, Mi-chael B. Enzi, James Lankford, Lindsey Graham, Pat Roberts, Todd Young. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Michael Lawrence Brown, of Geor-gia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 97, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 6 Ex.] YEAS—97 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—1 
Hirono 
NOT VOTING—2 
Booker McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 97, the nays are 1. The motion is agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.018 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S125 January 10, 2018 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Michael Lawrence Brown, of Georgia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, the Trump administration has come up with a name for its energy policy. The energy policy amounts to, basically, a big, fat cascade of gifts and special fa-vors for oil, gas, and coal companies, which, in turn, make big political con-tributions. Trump officials call the pol-icy ‘‘energy dominance.’’ More accu-rately, its name would probably be ‘‘fossil fuel industry political domi-nance’’ or one might actually call it ‘‘ignorance dominance’’ since the ad-ministration willfully ignores sci-entific understanding, basic economics, market theory, and even the warnings of our national security community. The situation is not pretty from an environmental point of view. EPA Ad-ministrator Scott Pruitt is busily try-ing to roll back rules that limit, for in-stance, emissions of methane, which is a more powerful greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide. He is considering walk-ing back fuel efficiency standards that save drivers money at the pump. Presi-dent Trump withdrew the United States from the Paris climate accord and was promptly ignored by every other nation on Earth. Last month, on the Interior Sec-retary’s recommendation, Trump took big areas of the Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monu-ments, in Utah, away from the public and opened them, instead, to big min-ing and oil and gas interests. Zinke has even proposed to open almost all U.S. coastlines to drilling by oil and gas companies. That includes drilling in protected areas in the Arctic, drilling up and down the Atlantic coast, ex-panded drilling in the Gulf of Mexico, and drilling along the Pacific coast-line. The plan even includes Georges Bank and other crucial fishing grounds for New England. This drilling scheme is likely dead on arrival. Republican Governors in New Jersey, Maryland, and Florida have all denounced the plan, as have Florida’s Democratic and Republican Senators. It even runs into objections from the Pentagon. When President Obama con-sidered opening the southern Atlantic coast to drilling 2 years ago, the De-fense Department told the Obama ad-ministration that offshore energy de-velopment could interfere with mili-tary readiness and missile testing. Given the dominance of fossil fuel po-litical interests in this administration, the whole Trump energy dominance scheme, of course, neglects the warn-ings of our national security experts about climate change—climate change as an accelerant of global instability and conflict and climate change as a direct hazard to military installations and infrastructure, from the Naval Sta-tion Norfolk to faraway facilities like Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean. In 2008, the National Intelligence Council reported more than 30 U.S. military installations facing risk from rising sea levels. A vulnerability as-sessment directed by the ‘‘2010 Quad-rennial Defense Review’’ found that at around 3 feet of sea level rise, 128 mili-tary installations are at risk. Natu-rally, many of those belong to the Navy—indeed, 56 out of those 128. It is a significant share of the Navy’s global footprint, totaling around $100 billion in value. In 2011, the National Academy of Sciences report, ‘‘National Security Implications of Climate Change for U.S. Naval Forces,’’ recommended the continued review of how sea level rise and changes in storm frequency and in-tensity would affect coastal installa-tions. The National Defense Authorization Act, which we just passed, directs the Department of Defense to study how climate change will affect our most vulnerable military bases over the next 20 years, including ‘‘the effects of ris-ing sea tides, increased flooding, drought, desertification, wildfires, thawing permafrost,’’ as well as how climate change may drive new require-ments for combatant commanders. The law includes a sense of Congress statement that ‘‘climate change is a di-rect threat to the national security of the United States and is impacting sta-bility in areas of the world both where the United States Armed Forces are operating today, and where strategic implications for future conflict exist.’’ That is a sense-of-Congress state-ment that has passed this Republican- controlled Senate and the Republican- controlled House and was signed into law by this administration. Thank you to the author of this language, my friend and fellow Rhode Islander, Con-gressman J
IMLANGEVIN . Even the U.S. Government Account-ability Office has engaged. The inde-pendent oversight agency issued a re-port titled, ‘‘Climate Change Adapta-tion: DoD Needs to Better Incorporate Adaptation into Planning and Collabo-ration at Overseas Installations.’’ I think that title gives away the punch line. Surveying our bases and in-stallations across the world, GAO found that weather and climate change pose operational and budgetary risks to infrastructure. GAO recommended that DOD’s climate planning efforts be expanded and increased; specifically, that the Secretaries of the Army, Navy, and Air Force require defense in-stallations to ‘‘systematically track the costs associated with extreme weather events and climate change’’ and that DOD better coordinate ad-dressing climate change risks across different DOD installations. This picture in the GAO report shows an unnamed military facility in the Pacific that has at times been cut off by flooding from access points to its munitions storage complex. If you have a military facility that can’t get access to its munitions storage, you have a problem. This is the picture of the flooded entryway, and this is the picture of the similar entryway under normal cir-cumstances, able to be traveled. A 2014 typhoon caused flash flooding here that trapped and imperiled Amer-ican personnel. The point is, when cli-mate change effects inhibit military base operations, defense preparedness requires climate preparedness. Naval Station Norfolk, the largest Navy base in the world, is a poster child for the devastation that awaits our coastal military bases if we con-tinue to pump out the greenhouse gas emissions that are driving sea level rise. A tide gauge operated at the base since 1927 has shown nearly 15 inches of vertical sea level rise so far. In the broader Hampton Roads metro area, home not only to the Navy but also to facilities of the Air Force, the Marine Corps, the Coast Guard, NASA, and NOAA, high tides are already regularly forcing seawater back through storm drains and flooding roadways. DOD’s own environmental research program, the Strategic Environmental Research and Development Program, used Norfolk as its case study for sea level rise and extreme storm risks to coastal DOD installations. The study found a ‘‘tipping point’’ of about a half meter, 1.6 feet, of sea level rise, at which point ‘‘the probabilities of dam-age to infrastructure and losses in mis-sion performance increased dramati-cally.’’ This is mapping of the flood hazard around Naval Station Norfolk. This tipping point at which the mis-sion performance losses increase dra-matically is only a few decades away. Retired RADM David Titley, a former oceanographer and navigator of the Navy and leader of its Climate Change Task Force, said Norfolk has about 10 to 15 years to get serious about sea level rise in the region before ‘‘we’re really cutting it close.’’ In 2017, CAPT Dean Vanderley, who leads infrastructure engineering at the Norfolk Naval base, admitted that sea level rise is ‘‘something where I don’t know that we’ve fully defined the prob-lem. And we have definitely not fully defined the solution.’’ Retired CAPT Joe Bouchard, a former base commander, told InsideClimate News that Naval Station Norfolk would need significant im-provements to nearly every piece of in-frastructure, from electrical and drain-age systems to pier improvements, not to mention a seawall. He estimated this work could cost more than $1 bil-lion and take as long as a decade to complete. That is just one base with $1 billion and a decade’s worth of work. The DOD has identified over 128 bases that would be at significant risk with 3 feet of sea level rise. I think NOAA’s current estimate is for 6 feet of global sea rise by the end of the century. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.025 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES126 January 10, 2018 
Even though our President is clueless about the basics of climate change, his Secretary of Defense understands and acknowledges the risks. In response to congressional questioning last year, Secretary Mattis said, ‘‘Climate change is impacting stability in areas of the world where our troops are oper-ating today. . . . It is appropriate for the Combatant Commands to incor-porate drivers of instability that im-pact the security environment in their areas into their planning.’’ Well, for political reasons, the White House can’t acknowledge the problem so the recently published ‘‘National Se-curity Strategy’’ totally disregards all of these recommendations. It will not even mention the forbidden words. We know these words are forbidden in the Trump administration because over and over again the memos leak out about people being told don’t say the words ‘‘climate change.’’ Instead, with all these warnings from GAO, from senior military officials, from the National Intelligence Council, from a decade of Quadrennial Defense Reviews, and the testimony of Sec-retary Mattis—instead of listening to that, Trump parrots climate change de-nial talking points that come from the phony fossil fuel front groups. It is pa-thetic. Calling this deliberate igno-rance ‘‘energy dominance’’ may be a fine fossil fuel flourish, but it is com-pletely disconnected from actual safe-ty, security, and military readiness— and don’t get me started on what the fossil fuel industry’s systematic cor-ruption of our democracy means for America’s fabled status as that ‘‘city on a hill.’’ I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
IRAN 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss my thoughts on recent protests in Iran and the important up-coming decisions by the President with respect to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or the JCPOA. While I am mindful that we have lim-ited visibility into Iran and continue to learn more about the circumstances and motivations of the recent protests, one thing is clear: A significant portion of the Iranian people are not satisfied with their government and are increas-ingly willing to make their dissatisfac-tion heard. It is important that we sup-port their right to peacefully express their views and demand that the Ira-nian Government respond with con-structive dialogue, rather than force. It was notable that Iranian President Ruhani implicitly recognized the valid-ity of the protests earlier this week when he reportedly said: It would be a misrepresentation and also an insult to Iranian people to say they only had economic demands. . . . People had eco-nomic, political and social demands 
That is according to President Ruhani. Acknowledging the need for reform, Ruhani continued: 
We cannot pick a lifestyle and tell two generations after us to live like that. It is impossible. The views of the young genera-tion about life and the world is different than ours. 
Now is the time to support the Ira-nian people in their quest for a govern-ment that is more representative and supportive of their interests. Unfortu-nately, some have suggested that our response should be to withdraw from the JCPOA, an action that I believe would only serve to embolden the hardliners in Iran and leave the United States more isolated from our allies. Withdrawing from the JCPOA and re-imposing nuclear-related sanctions on Iran would immediately change the narrative inside of Iran, uniting reformists and hardliners alike in their opposition to what they view as a hos-tile United States. While some would argue that the re-cent protests in Iran are symptomatic of what they view as a flawed JCPOA, I would suggest otherwise. In reality, the nuclear deal exposed one of the Ira-nian regime’s central vulnerabilities— namely, that the regime can no longer simply blame sanctions imposed by the United States and the international community for its economic woes at home. It is becoming clearer to the Ira-nian people that it is actually the re-gime’s corruption, financial mis-management, funding of malign activi-ties, and hegemonic ambitions that are at the root of their government’s in-ability to enable job creation and to ensure that necessities like food and gasoline remain affordable. In the coming days, the President has several important decisions to make with respect to the JCPOA. In October, President Trump acknowl-edged that Iran is meeting its commit-ments under the JCPOA, but he chose not to certify that continued sanctions relief is ‘‘appropriate and propor-tionate’’ to the actions taken by Iran with respect to terminating its illicit nuclear program. By the end of this week, President Trump is again re-quired to decide whether to issue such a certification. I expect he will again choose not to do so. The more consequential decision for the President this week will be wheth-er to continue waivers of nuclear-re-lated sanctions, as he is required to do under the JCPOA. Choosing not to con-tinue such waivers would immediately snap back U.S. nuclear-related sanc-tions, thereby putting the United States in violation of the JCPOA. Let me be clear. This would be a unilateral action on behalf of the United States that would put us in violation of an international agreement, not just with Iran but with the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, and China, as well. By all accounts, the JCPOA is work-ing as intended, and Iran is verifiably meeting its commitments under the deal. It is important to remember what the JCPOA was designed to do and what it is now achieving. The JCPOA commits Iran to never seeking to de-velop or acquire a nuclear weapon; ef-fectively cuts off all pathways for Iran to achieve a nuclear weapon during the period covered by the agreement; and increases the time it would take for Iran to acquire enough material for one nuclear bomb from 2 to 3 months to at least 1 year. When this agreement was signed, they were within months of having that capability. It dramatically reduces Iran’s stockpile of enriched uranium and the number of installed centrifuges. It has prevented Iran from producing weapons-grade plutonium and has subjected Iran to robust moni-toring by the IAEA to verify its com-pliance. Withdrawing from the JCPOA at this point would provide no benefit and would actually leave us more isolated and less able to deal with the various challenges posed by Iran. The crippling sanctions regime that brought Iran to the negotiating table in the first place only worked because the international community was united in its deter-mination to keep Iran from achieving a nuclear weapon. If we withdraw from the JCPOA unilaterally—and in the ab-sence of a clear violation of the deal by Iran—there is no reason to believe that our partners in the P5+1 would join us. In fact, French President Macron has said that there is ‘‘no alternative’’ to the JCPOA and told the U.N. General Assembly that ‘‘renouncing it would be a grave error.’’ General Dunford, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the Armed Services Committee last year: 
I believe that the U.S. would incur damage vis-a-vis our allies if we unilaterally with-draw from the JCPOA. Our allies will be less likely to cooperate with us on future mili-tary action to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon and less likely to cooperate with us on countering other destabilizing as-pects of Iranian behavior that threaten our collective interests. 
Our sanctions may snap back but not those imposed by the rest of the world, many of whom have begun building economic ties to Iran since the JCPOA was signed. Our international partners would then blame us, not Iran, for the failure of the deal. Some, including President Trump, have argued that we can and should dissolve the JCPOA and renegotiate a better deal. This is a highly unrealistic proposal. We were only able to achieve the JCPOA after years of sustained multilateral diplomatic efforts and the imposition of aggressive international sanctions in concert with our partners. It will likely be impossible to replicate those conditions if the United States unilaterally withdraws from the JCPOA. Contrary to President Trump’s belief, threatening to walk away from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.026 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S127 January 10, 2018 
deal actually weakens our ability to address the JCPOA’s perceived flaws by alienating our partners. Instead, we should remain committed to the JCPOA and lead the international com-munity in imposing additional sanc-tions, where necessary, to change other Iranian behaviors—namely, their re-spect for human rights, ballistic mis-sile development efforts, and other ma-lign activities. We must also seek to help enable the Iranian people to make their choices heard, including by encouraging the adoption of social media and other means of communication. We could start by building upon general licenses issued by the Obama administration designed to encourage the export of communications technology to Iran. Secretary Mattis told the Armed Services Committee at his confirma-tion hearing: ‘‘When America gives her word, we have to live up to it and work with our allies.’’ If the President decides this week not to continue nuclear-related sanctions relief for Iran, he will be effectively choosing to restart the Iranian nuclear program, thereby making military con-flict with Iran more likely. Withdrawing from the deal would also be a devastating blow to our ef-forts toward diplomacy with North Korea—and for that matter, any future diplomatic efforts to constrain aggres-sive behavior by our adversaries. Why would any nation engage with us in se-rious dialogue to resolve differences if they fear we will later withdraw uni-laterally, even when the other parties are complying with the agreement? Regardless of whether you supported the JCPOA before it was signed, the truth is that it has removed the great-est threat we faced from Iran while also preserving all other means to ad-dress Iran’s malign activities. Let there be no doubt—Iran continues to be a state sponsor of terrorism and an abuser of human rights. Iran continues to destabilize the region through its development of ballistic missiles and support of proxies in Iraq, Syria, Leb-anon, Yemen, and elsewhere. If Iran be-haves this way without a nuclear weap-on, imagine how much worse a nuclear- armed Iran would be. Fortunately, our nonnuclear sanc-tions on Iran remain in place and are unaffected by the JCPOA. In fact, Con-gress authorized additional sanctions in July to help deal with these issues. The administration should work with our international partners and use all tools at its disposal, including by ramping up nonnuclear sanctions, where necessary, to counter Iran’s un-acceptable behavior in these other areas. Abrogating the JCPOA only invites another nuclear crisis like the one we are currently facing with North Korea—a concern echoed by General Dunford when he appeared before the Armed Services Committee and said: ‘‘It makes sense to me that our holding up agreements that we have signed, un-less there’s a material breach, would have impact on others’ willingness to sign agreements.’’ Many have criticized the JCPOA as a ‘‘flawed deal.’’ For example, concerns have been raised that certain provi-sions sunset after a period of years, thereby delaying rather than perma-nently preventing Iran from achieving a nuclear weapon. If the concern is that Iran may seek to resume nuclear weapons development activities after these sunsets—a concern that I share— the appropriate course of action is not to throw out the deal but to work with our international partners to ensure that necessary restrictions on the JCPOA are appropriately extended or supplemented. As I noted before, Iran has com-mitted in perpetuity not to develop or seek to acquire nuclear weapons. We should not take them at their word; we should verify their adherence to this commitment, just as we are doing under the JCPOA. If at any point in the future we have evidence to suggest Iran is taking steps that would indicate a violation of that commitment, we should use that information to rally the P5+1 and other international part-ners to take a unified stand against such efforts. Unilaterally withdrawing from the JCPOA would seriously dam-age our ability to exert such leadership in the future. Again, according to General Dunford, in the absence of the JCPOA, Iran would likely resume its nuclear weap-ons program and ‘‘a nuclear-armed Iran would likely be more aggressive in its actions and more dangerous in its con-sequences.’’ General Dunford also told the committee that ‘‘the intel commu-nity assessment is, in fact, that Iran is in compliance right now [with the JCPOA], and therefore, I think we should focus on addressing the other challenges: the missile threat they pose, the maritime threat they pose, the support of proxies, terrorists, and the cyber threat they pose.’’ I whole-heartedly agree with General Dunford’s assessment. Our troops in Iraq and Syria are op-erating in close proximity to Iranian- aligned militias, including those who previously targeted American troops. Unilaterally withdrawing from the JCPOA could embolden these hardline militias and possibly result in Iran giv-ing them a green light to begin tar-geting U.S. forces once more. Furthermore, while I have full con-fidence in our military’s ability to fight and win wars when necessary, we cannot escape the reality that military contingencies to respond to both a nu-clear-armed North Korea and Iran would result in massive loss of life and national treasure and greatly stress our military’s capacity and capabili-ties. In conclusion, I will return to where I began. Now is not the time to impose a self-inflicted wound upon our foreign policy and standing in the world. Uni-laterally withdrawing from the JCPOA would empower Iranian hardliners and dramatically undermine the reform- minded protests we should be seeking to empower. Worse still, it would leave us more isolated in the international community and, by extension, less able to address the range of national secu-rity challenges posed by Iran, North Korea, and our other potential adver-saries. We must not abdicate the JCPOA or American leadership on these issues. Therefore, I urge the President to stay the course with respect to the JCPOA, while also rallying the international community to take effective actions intended to change other unacceptable behaviors by the Iranian regime to sup-press dissent at home and sow insta-bility abroad. We must not squander this opportunity by making the story about the United States rather than the courageous Iranians who at great risk to themselves have taken to the streets to demand a better future. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 12 noon tomorrow, all postcloture time on the Brown nomination be considered ex-pired and the Senate vote on confirma-tion of the Brown nomination with no intervening action or debate; further, that if cloture is invoked on the Counts nomination, all postcloture time be considered expired at 1:45 p.m. tomor-row and the Senate vote on confirma-tion of the Counts nomination with no intervening action or debate; finally, that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider with respect to the Brown and Counts nominations be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oklahoma. 
MISSILE DEFENSE  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, for about 20 years now, I have viewed the development and deployment of a lay-ered ballistic missile defense shield as probably singularly the most vital thing we could be doing around here. People are aware of that now. Adver-saries, like North Korea and others, have ballistic missiles, and they are in-creasing their range capability. Iran is getting almost everything. One of the problems you have is that you get countries like North Korea developing missile capabilities, and if they have it, then other adversaries have it. I am talking about Yemen and all the rest of them. It is important for us to commu-nicate to the American people that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.031 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES128 January 10, 2018 
threat we face is probably the most im-minent threat we have had in the his-tory of this country. Today, it is the greatest threat we have had certainly in my lifetime. I have come to the floor and spoken on this issue in 2001, 2009, 2012, and this will be the fourth time this year. Over the last 30 years, we have witnessed the missile defense programs go through dramatic investment periods, followed by extreme starvation and cancella-tions—I am talking about in the United States—depending on who hap-pens to be President at the time. Remember, of course, when Reagan came in and people made fun of him with ‘‘Star Wars’’ and tried to defame him in any way they could. Yet he was able to be persistent and start a pro-gram, and we should be very thankful we have it today. That was followed in 1989 by President Bush. He continued that program. However, in 1993, when President Clinton was in office, the first thing he did was to cut $2.5 billion out of the Bush missile defense budget request for fiscal year 1994. He also terminated the Reagan-Bush Strategic Defense Initia-tive and downgraded the National Mis-sile Defense Program to a research and development program. He cut 5-year missile defense funding by 54 percent, from $39 billion to $18 billion. I say this because these times are changing. Continuing with his adminis-tration in 1996, he cut the funding and slowed down the development of THAAD and the Navy Theater Wide Systems. To remind ourselves of how important that was at that time and the cuts he made to that and how crit-ical that was, THAAD right now is the only thing we have to join forces with South Korea to be able to knock down something coming from North Korea to South Korea. The Aegis system is a de-fensive system that we could share with Japan. Without these systems, they would be wide open. That was 1996. In 1999, the last of the Clinton years, he delayed by at least 2 years the Space Based Infrared System, which is a very complicated system that knocks down incoming missiles. Then, in 2000, Bush came in. By the end of 2008, Presi-dent Bush had succeeded in fielding a missile defense system capable of de-fending all 50 States. One of the things he did that was most significant—and this is in the final years of his adminis-tration—was to recognize the fact that we have had ground-based interceptors in our country for a number of years. In fact, there are 44 ground-based inter-ceptor systems. Unfortunately, they are all on the west coast because that is where we thought the threat would be. We discovered at that time, during the Bush administration, that the threat was from both sides because we recognized that Iran was developing the capabilities, as well as North Korea and others. So in order to protect East-ern United States as well as Central Europe, we had the system that was set up. It was kind of funny because I re-member being there with one of our strongest allies. The system they set up was one where they had a radar sys-tem in the Czech Republic, and they had a rocket system—a ground-based interceptor—in Poland, right next door. I remember when Vaclav Klaus was the President of the Czech Repub-lic, one of our strongest supporters, and he said to me at that time: Now, if we go ahead and put our system in the Czech Republic and in Poland, can you assure me that if we incur the wrath of Russia, we are not going to end up being embarrassed and have the rug pulled out from under us? I said: There is not a chance in the world that would happen. Well, that did happen. In fact, it was a total of 44 ground-based interceptors that were fielded. That was in Alaska and California, on the west coast. We went through this where they pulled the rug out from under Poland, as well as the Czech Republic. Then, in April, came our first Obama defense cuts, which began disarming America and dismantling our layered missile de-fense system. This is critical because we put this in for the reason that we perceived the threat to be coming in from the east as opposed to the west coast, and the very system that would have protected us was taken down by President Obama. I would say, due to his overall re-duced budget requests in defense, there were not enough Aegis ships. I already mentioned how we are using those today in defense of many of our allies, including Japan. Since Kim Jong Un took power in 2009, he has already con-ducted more than 80 ballistic missile tests. That is far more than his father and his grandfather conducted. North Korea has conducted six nu-clear tests of increasingly powerful weapons. The latest test was in Sep-tember of last year. The major test ac-tually came after that, and that was on November 28. On November 28, he dem-onstrated that he had the range of the United States and the central part of our country. In other words, it was stated by others who observed that he now has the capability of reaching any target in mainland United States. There were some scientists who did an analysis of what they did on Novem-ber 28. They made it very clear. David Wright, an analyst for the Union of Concerned Scientists, wrote that—this is something that happened on Novem-ber 29—that yesterday’s test indicates that North Korea can now hold the United States well within missile range. He said: ‘‘Such a missile would have been more than enough range to reach Washington, DC, and in fact any other part of the continental United States.’’ Here is the scary part of this. Those who are not wanting to believe that the threat is real and the threat is there are saying: Well, we don’t know that the missile he demonstrated on November 28 could have reached that range if it had a full payload, a load of a nuclear warhead. We don’t know if they had one or not, but that doesn’t give me much com-fort. They also questioned whether or not it could sustain the reentry back into the atmosphere. The point is that they now have that capability, and that is something we have to keep in mind as we are making decisions, because we have decisions to make, and that is what we are doing right now in trying to decide how we are going to keep the government from shutting down and develop some kind of a budget plan that is going to serve us well. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, let me mention some-thing else that I think is very signifi-cant because I heard today a lot of peo-ple criticizing and not really under-standing what happened with the tax plan that was passed. We are already getting the results of it. It is kind of exciting. I don’t recall anything in my career where we got the results as quickly as we got and we are getting right now. We heard Minority Leader S
CHUMER call the tax plan ‘‘a punch in the gut to the middle class.’’ In an op- ed piece in the New York Times, Sen-ator E
LIZABETH WARREN and Senator B
ERNIE SANDERS said: ‘‘The Republican agenda on health care and taxes is . . . widely disliked by the American peo-ple’’ and a ‘‘tax giveaway to the wealthy.’’ I think it is important that people understand that not only is middle- class America going to benefit from this, but they already have. One mil-lion Americans are counting on receiv-ing raises and bonuses from this tax re-form. In my State of Oklahoma, thou-sands of employees will be receiving and have already received large com-pensation increases, bonuses—Express Employment Professionals in Okla-homa City, American Airlines, South-west Airlines, and AT&T. In fact, Sen-ator R
OYBLUNT was coming back on a plane, the same one I was on, and the flight attendant was talking about how she had already received a $1,000 bonus. Then, the rest of them chimed in and said: We have too. That is already happening. Right now we have a list of 123 major corporations that have already given an average of $1,000 for every employee they have, predicated on the assumption that the tax plan is going to increase the econ-omy, and that is exactly what is going to happen. I am confident that this is actually happening today. I have to say this, though, because more people still try to say: Well, we can’t give tax reduc-tions to people and still increase rev-enue to do all of these things we need to do with our national defense and with our infrastructure programs. That is not true. I am going to repeat one that I have done before on this, but people seem to not understand. It is easy to say: Well, if you reduce taxes, you are going to reduce revenue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.037 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S129 January 10, 2018 
That is not the way it works. I re-member very well what happened. I was not in this position, of course, but in 1991, when Ronald Reagan was Presi-dent, at that time he had the most far- reaching reduction in taxes. Remem-ber, the top rate was reduced from 70 percent to 30 percent, and the other brackets came down proportionately. Yet at the time he did that, in 1981, the total amount of revenue coming into the United States was $469 billion. As a result of that, it increased revenue to $750 billion. That is huge, and it shows that it really happens. The reason it happens is that for each 1-percent in-crease in the economy, it produces in-creased revenue of some $3 trillion. That is what happened then, and that is what is going to happen now. People are rejoicing today. I ask unanimous consent that a sheet that outlines all of these companies that are giving large bonuses as a re-sult of the tax bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
COMPANIES INCREASING COMPENSATION , SO FAR  1. AAON 2. AT&T 3. AccuWeather 4. Advance Financial 5. Aflac 6. Alaska Air Group 7. American Airlines 8. American Bank 9. American Savings Bank 10. Americollect 11. Aquesta Financial Holdings 12. Associated Bank 13. Atlas Air Worldwide 14. Ball Ventures 15. Bancorp South 16. Bank of America 17. Bank of Colorado 18. Bank of Hawaii 19. Bank of the James 20. Bank of the Ozarks 21. Berkshire Hills Bancorp 22. BB&T 23. Carl Black Automotive Group 24. Central Bancompany, Inc. 25. Central Pacific Bank 26. Charlie Bravo Aviation 27. Charlotte Pipe and Foundry 28. Citizens Financial Group 29. Colling Pest Solutions 30. Comcast 31. Comerica Bank 32. Commerce Bank 33. Community Trust Bancorp 34. Copperleaf Assisted Living 35. Cornerstone Holdings 36. Dayton T. Brown Inc. 37. Delaware Supermarkets Inc. 38. DePatco, Inc. 39. Dime Community Bancshares 40. Eagle Ridge Ranch 41. EastIdahoNews.com 42. Elite Roofing Systems (Idaho) 43. Elite Clinical Trials, Inc. 44. Emkay, Inc. 45. Ennis, Inc. 46. Express Employment Prof. 47. Fifth Third Bancorp 48. FirstCapital Bank of Texas 49. First Farmers Bank & Trust 50. First Financial Northwest, Inc. 51. First Hawaiian Bank 52. First Horizon National Corp. 53. Flemington Car & Truck 54. Fort Ranch 55. Gardner Company 56. Gate City Bank 57. GetFoundFirst.com 58. Great Southern Bancorp 59. HarborOne Bank 60. Hartford Financial Services 61. Hawaii National Bank 62. IAT Insurance Group 63. INB Bank 64. InUnison Inc. 65. JetBlue 66. Jordan Winery 67. Kansas City Southern 68. Kauai Cattle 69. Melaleuca 70. Mid-AM Metal Forming 71. Move It Or Lose It Moving 72. National Bank Holdings Corp. 73. Nationwide Insurance 74. National Guardian 75. Navient 76. Nelnet 77. Nephron Pharmaceuticals 78. Northpoint Apartments 79. OceanFirst Financial 80. Ohnward Bancshares 81. Old Dominion Freight Line 82. Pinnacle Bank 83. Pioneer Credit Recovery 84. PNC Financial Services 85. Regions Financial 86. Renasant Bank 87. Resident Construction 88. Riverbend Communications 89. Riverbend Management, Inc. 90. Riverbend Ranch 91. Riverbend Services 92. Rush Enterprises 93. Sheffer Corporation 94. Sinclair Broadcast Group 95. Smith Chevrolet 96. Smith Honda 97. Smith RV 98. South Point Casino 99. Southwest Airlines 100. Steel Design 101. Stifel Financial Corp. 102. Summit State Bank 103. SunTrust Banks, Inc. 104. TCF Financial Corp. 105. The Flood Insurance Agency 106. The Travelers Companies 107. Territorial Savings Bank 108. Texas Capital Bank 109. Tokio Marine HCC 110. Total System Services 111. Turning Point Brands 112. Unity Bank 113. U.S. Bancorp 114. Visa 115. Washington Federal 116. Webster Financial 117. Wells Fargo 118. Western Alliance Bancorp 119. Western & Southern Financial 120. Willow Creek Woodworks 121. Windsor Federal Savings 122. Yancey Bros. 123. Zions Bancorp 
TAX RELIEF PAYS AMERICAN WORKERS  Almost immediately after Congress passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, American work-ers at dozens of firms began to see the effects in the form of bonuses and raises. For sup-porters of tax relief this was good news, though not altogether a surprise. During de-bate over the law, economists cited research that workers bear most of the burden of the corporate income tax via reduced wages. The remainder is borne by consumers and inves-tors. A significant cut in the corporate rate would provide real benefits to workers. One study by scholars at the American En-terprise Institute concluded that a 1 percent increase in the corporate tax rate is associ-ated with a 0.5 percent decrease in real wages. A 2007 Treasury Department survey of economic studies found that workers ‘‘bear a substantial burden’’ of the corporate income tax. The Congressional Budget Office con-cluded in 2006 that workers pay more than 70 percent of the cost of corporate taxes. Opponents of tax relief countered that a corporate rate cut would help only the wealthy—a claim being knocked down more each day. Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said that ‘‘history shows tax cuts like these benefit the wealthy and the powerful to the exclusion of the middle class.’’ As a wave of companies across the country began an-nouncing bonuses and giving raises to work-ers, it became clear that tax relief is putting more money in the pockets of the hard-work-ing Americans who Republicans said would win because of the law. The same day the House and Senate passed the bill, December 20, AT&T Inc. issued a press release saying: ‘‘Once tax reform is signed into law, AT&T plans to invest an ad-ditional $1 billion in the United States in 2018 and pay a special $1,000 bonus to more than 200,000 AT&T U.S. employees—all union-represented, non-management and front-line managers. If the President signs the bill before Christmas, employees will re-ceive the bonus over the holidays.’’ So far, at least 123 companies have an-nounced they are giving employees bonuses or otherwise increasing compensation due to the tax cut legislation. Notable examples in-clude: American Airlines, Southwest Airlines, and JetBlue announced $1,000 bonuses for their employees (a total of more than 200,000 people). American’s bonuses will exclude of-ficers; Southwest’s and JetBlue’s include all employees. American said it would pay bo-nuses ‘‘in light of this new tax structure.’’ JetBlue said that ‘‘our Crewmembers should be the first to benefit.’’ Southwest said it would put the savings from tax relief ‘‘to work . . . to reward our hard-working Em-ployees.’’ AT&T announced $1,000 bonuses to its 200,000 employees. It also said that it will in-crease capital expenditures by $1 billion in 2018. Comcast announced a $1,000 bonus for more than 100,000 employees. In addition, it plans to invest $50 billion in its infrastructure in the next five years. Comcast said the bo-nuses are ‘‘[b]ased on the passage of tax re-form and the FCC’s action on broadband.’’ Nationwide Insurance announced a $1,000 bonus for 29,000 employees and increased 401(k) matching. The company told its em-ployees: ‘‘The combination of the new tax legislation, including a reduced corporate tax rate, and our associates’ ongoing com-mitment to our members, community and On Your Side promise are the reasons we’re making this investment that further en-hances the already robust benefits we offer to attract and retain the best talent.’’ PNC Financial Services announced $1,000 bonuses for 47,500 employees as well as $1,500 to be added to existing pension accounts. The company also will raise its base pay rate to $15 per hour. PNC’s CEO said: ‘‘The tax re-form law creates an opportunity to reward our employees who are working hard each day to serve our customers, build strong re-lationships in our communities and create long-term value for our shareholders.’’ U.S. Bank announced a $1,000 bonus for nearly 60,000 employees and enhanced health care offerings in the 2019 enrollment period. It will also raise base pay rate to $15 per hour. The bank said that these decisions were ‘‘a result of the tax reform package.’’ 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.038 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES130 January 10, 2018 
The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DACA  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, every Member of this body is only a few gen-erations removed from the immigrant experience. At some point in the recent past, each of our ancestors made the courageous decision to leave his home in search of a better life in America. Each of them took a risk. They didn’t know what awaited them in this coun-try, but they believed that through their own hard work and determina-tion, they could succeed. My mother took a huge risk when she brought my brothers and me to this country. Leaving her entire family be-hind, she packed our belongings into one suitcase, and we set sail for Ha-waii. We grew up poor, but Mom worked so hard every day to build a life for us in this country. She worked min-imum-wage jobs with no health insur-ance. We moved apartments and schools every few years. Eventually, we were able to bring my grandparents to Hawaii from Japan. So I understand as an immigrant how important family unification is to immigrant families. I share my story not because I think it is particularly extraordinary but be-cause it is a story that millions of fam-ilies in our country share. The same hopes that drove my mom to risk ev-erything to bring us to America are re-flected in the stories of millions of im-migrant families across the country, and they are reflected in the lives of Dreamers, whose futures are now at risk because of the President’s decision to end the DACA Program. More than 15,000 young people have already lost their protection from de-portation as a result of the President’s decision, and 122 more will lose DACA protection every single day. It was with this sense of urgency in mind that I joined a bipartisan group of my col-leagues at the White House yesterday to find a path forward to protect the Dreamers. The President took great pains to appear reasonable and eager to make a deal, but we left yesterday’s meeting without much clarity about where he stood. Only a few days ago, the President threatened to hold Dreamers hostage until he got $18 billion to build the wall. I would call that his vanity project. In response to my question at yesterday’s meeting, the President ap-peared to demonstrate some flexibility on this issue, but after the Freedom Caucus spent yesterday afternoon warning of a potential betrayal on so- called ‘‘amnesty,’’ the President re-affirmed in a tweet his hard-line posi-tion that funding for the wall must be part of any deal on Dreamers. Between insisting on building an un-necessary wall, demonizing family re-unification, and peddling misinforma-tion about the diversity visa lottery, the President lost track of what is really at stake here—the inspiring young people whose lives he has left hanging in the balance. Before the holidays, it was heart-ening to see so many Dreamers from all across the country taking direct ac-tion in the halls of Congress to fight for their futures. I spoke with a num-ber of these young people, like Victor from Houston, who traveled for days to make his voice heard in Congress. Victor’s parents were seasonal farm-workers who traveled to the straw-berry fields of Florida every year. They settled down in Houston and saved money for a car and an apartment. They sent for Victor and his sister when he was only 4 years old. Victor spent most of his childhood not even knowing his immigration sta-tus. It wasn’t until he came home one day with a permission slip to join his middle school class on a trip to Spain that his mom told him that he was un-documented. Learning what it meant to be undocumented—that if he trav-eled to Spain he couldn’t come home— was really hard for Victor, but he tried to put it from his mind. As the years passed, it got harder for Victor to grapple with his status. He loved going to school, but he knew as an undocumented immigrant that his options after he graduated from high school were limited. He developed de-pression, and his grades suffered. But a few months after graduation, President Obama created the DACA Program, and Victor successfully applied for it. Victor told me that even though he had DACA, he was still too afraid to talk about his status with anyone. Dur-ing the 2016 election, this changed. He confronted his friends who voted for Donald Trump and shared what losing DACA would mean for him. On September 5, Victor knew there would be an announcement about his future. He put his phone away and started cleaning his house to distract him from what was about to happen. Eventually he ran out of distractions and sat down to watch Attorney Gen-eral Jeff Sessions’ DACA announce-ment. Victor began to cry. In the days that followed, Victor started having panic attacks—sometimes as many as five to seven per day. He was afraid to get in the car because he didn’t want to hurt anyone if he got a panic attack while driving. A few weeks later, Vic-tor showed up for his first United We Dream event in Houston. There he met fellow Dreamers and allies committed to fighting for him. He told me that it was amazing to see so many people show up in support and solidarity. Victor made himself a promise that once the Dream Act passes, he is going to go back to school to study psy-chology so that he can help LGBT youth like him. Before he left, Victor said something really insightful. He said that it is really important for peo-ple to come out of the shadows to tell their stories because once you tell your story, then they can no longer demon-ize you. I couldn’t agree more. Fighting to protect Dreamers is about much more than the law. It is about compassion and basic human de-cency. Late last night, Dreamers won a temporary reprieve when a district court judge in San Francisco issued a preliminary injunction to reinstate the DACA Program for existing enrollees. The judge said that ending DACA in the way the administration ended it was arbitrary and capricious. This was an important victory, for now. It is just a temporary injunction, a tem-porary reprieve. So I agree with my Democratic leader that we cannot allow this decision to make us think that we are out of the woods, not at all. It cannot dim our resolve to pass the Dream Act. The fight continues. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. KAINE. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I rise as many of my colleagues have this afternoon, and I have risen on the same topic often to talk about our Dreamers. Usually, when I have risen in the past, I have told stories about Virginia Dreamers. We have about 13,000 Dream-ers in Virginia. I have highlighted sto-ries of Dreamers from Latin America, Africa, Sweden, and Asia. One of the students I talked about, Gloria Oduyoye, just graduated from William & Mary Law School within the last month and thus became the first Dreamer to be a law school graduate in Virginia and one of the few Dreamers who attained a law degree in the United States. I talked about her story. Today I decided not to talk about stories of individuals again but to try to put it in context, with the message really being that the time is now to make a decision. We don’t need more information. We just need the will to act and do what I think is the right and the fair thing to do because we have been at this discussion now—it is hard to believe we have been at this discus-sion for 16 years. The American public—Democrats, Republicans, and Independents—over-whelmingly support a permanent solu-tion for Dreamers. It is not that we need to know anything more to solve this. We have been talking about it for a very long time. I want to encourage Members of this body and in the House who are involved in the negotiation to come to an agree-ment and provide permanent protec-tion for the Dreamers before next Fri-day so that we can protect this com-munity, which is frightened because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.040 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S131 January 10, 2018 
they are so worried about being de-ported or losing their ability to work, to go to school, losing the ability to protect their families. But it is more than just protecting people because they are frightened; it is protecting them because, as I have seen in Vir-ginia and in every State, they so enrich this country. The first version of the DREAM Act, it is hard to believe, was introduced in 2001. The Senator from Illinois, Mr. D
URBIN , who has been a champion of this and has my deepest admiration for his persistence in this endeavor, intro-duced the first version of the DREAM Act together with the senior Senator from Utah, Mr. H
ATCH . The bill has evolved since then. It wasn’t exactly the same as we are con-templating now, but it was the first version of the bill. It sought to repeal a provision of the 1996 immigration re-form that prohibited undocumented immigrants from eligibility for higher education. Instead, what the bill, in its original version, did 17 years ago was to grant permanent resident status to young, undocumented immigrants with a high school degree or equivalent GED who fulfilled certain residence require-ments and did not have criminal records. That was the start of this dis-cussion. We are still looking for the permanent answer. The DREAM Act first almost passed in 2007. It attained more than a major-ity vote in the Senate, but it didn’t get to the 60-vote threshold, so that was in-sufficient for passage. In 2010, the House passed the DREAM Act, but the Senate again failed to approve it with a 60-vote threshold. In 2013, just a few months after I came to the Senate, we contemplated, debated, discussed, voted upon com-prehensive immigration reform in June. I was kind of proud then. I was a young Senator, had been here a couple of months and stood in my chair and offered a speech on the floor of the Sen-ate in Spanish to describe what was in the bill for the 45 million Americans who get their news every day in the Spanish language. After I was finished describing it, people came up to me and said: Has anybody ever done that be-fore? And I said: Frankly, I don’t know. It turned out that it was the first time in the history of the body that a speech had been given in a language other than English. But what was im-portant about that moment in June of 2013 was not the speech; it was the vote. The package was comprehensive. It included not just the DREAM Act but border security, assistance for em-ployers to determine the immigration bona fides of those applying for work. These are reforms—an approval for people here on temporary protected status from El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Somalia, Sudan, and Haiti to become permanent residents and then convert that into a path to citi-zenship. That comprehensive immigra-tion reform bill, in my view, represents the Senate working at its best: a bipar-tisan working group, coming through committee, coming to the floor with amendments. It passed this body with 68 votes in favor. It was evidence of the naivete of a young Senator at the time that I as-sumed, of course, something was going to happen because it passed here with 68 votes. I knew the House wouldn’t do exactly what we did, but I thought they would do something, and we would be conferencing it. But alas, I was naive; that was not to happen. We are now in a different place, and we have the ability to act. I supported President Obama’s ac-tions in June of 2012 to protect Dream-ers—the DACA Program; and then later, the DAPA Program. I felt that those actions were completely in ac-cord with earlier Executive actions Presidents had taken in the area of im-migration. Since June of 2012, 800,000 young peo-ple have achieved Dreamer status. Some of them aren’t so young any-more. I sometimes refer to them as stu-dents and kids, but they are in the military, they are parents, they are teachers, and they are active in their communities. As I said, there are 13,000 in my State. DACA has allowed them to continue their education, to work legally, and to remain in the only country they have ever known. I will say I was disappointed when President Trump in September an-nounced that he would terminate the program in 6 months—in March. I felt like it was the breaking of a promise to these young people because he had said, even as a candidate and then as President, that Dreamers were good kids and that they wouldn’t have any-thing to worry about from him. I will say there was one aspect of what the President said—I can’t just be critical without pointing out that there was one thing about what he said that I thought was right. He said: And Congress should fix it. I agreed with President Trump on that. I wish he hadn’t terminated the program, but he was right that this is something for Congress to fix because anything done by Executive action, even fully within the power of a President to take it, is subject to being changed by another Executive. The lives and futures of these young people are such that we shouldn’t be scaring them about whether they are protected or maybe back to being protected depending upon who was the occupant of the White House. That Presidential announcement in March, although I was disappointed, on that core piece of it, that Congress should fix it, I think President Trump was right and I think he is right. I think this is something that Congress must fix, should fix, can fix, and we have all the information about it to fix it right now. It has been difficult and a little bit heartbreaking to talk to these young people and their families about the fears they have. I don’t live under the fear of deportation. I don’t live under the fear of my job being taken away be-cause of my status. I don’t live under the fear of my kids not being able to get instate tuition and instead having to pay out-of-state or not being able to afford it at all. It is not a fear I walk around with every day. It is hard to put yourself in somebody else’s shoes and experience the fear and even terror they are feeling when you yourself don’t have that same exposure. I have spent a lot of time listening to these young people and their parents in Northern Virginia and Richmond, espe-cially, where I live, and the fear they feel is very palpable, and the panic they feel is very palpable, and I under-stand why. I think part of our job should not be to increase anxiety and fear; part of our job should be—when we can, when it is the right thing to do, when it is within our grasp—to take action and provide clarity and cer-tainty so people will know what their status is. I think the time for that is now after 16 years. Maybe the most important thing I am saying is that this is not a new issue. It is not that we need another week or another month or another year to figure out the answer. The first bill was introduced in 2001, and I think Jan-uary 19, 2018, is ample time for us to now get this right and make it either part of the spending bills that we will do at year-end or part of a stand-alone bill that we could embrace as a body. I was heartened by some of the com-ments by the President, as reported yesterday, during the meeting with bi-partisan leadership at the White House about this. We can do it, and the time is right to do it now. So I would ask my colleagues and especially urge all those in the negotiations to make this deci-sion and provide these wonderful young people with certainty about their fu-ture. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I join my colleague from Virginia, as well as Senator D
URBIN , who has been working so hard to get this done, to stand up for the Dreamers. I give my strong support once again for taking action on the Dream Act. We need to take up this bill. As Senator K
AINE just noted, I was also heartened, after the meeting at the White House, by the fact that this President understands—he said he un-derstands that we can’t wait until March to get this done, that we need to get this done soon. For me, the easiest way to do this is by passing the Dream Act. The Federal court decision in Cali-fornia yesterday will provide some temporary relief, as every single day more and more kids fall out of status. That sounds like a legal term, but for them, it changes their whole life. These are kids who literally believed our gov-ernment. They were told: You register. You sign up. We are going to allow you to stay. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.042 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES132 January 10, 2018 
And then, in one little moment and with a signature, that all changed. Their lives changed. So it is now our obligation in the Senate to get this done. We have already seen the harmful ef-fects of the administration’s decision to end the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals Program, and the situa-tion will continue to get worse until we take action. This is not just a small thing. I have met these kids. Ninety- seven percent of them either work or are in school. The average age they were when they were brought to this country is 6
1⁄2years old. A few months back, I stood in front of a Catholic church with our arch-bishop of the Twin Cities, Archbishop Hebda, and a number of his parish-ioners and a number of the priests from that church to talk about what this meant in people’s lives—kids brought over through no fault of their own. My favorite example of a Dreamer, Senator K
AINE and Mr. President, is Joseph Medina. He was brought over— and he didn’t know this at the time—as a baby. His parents had died, and he was brought over to Sleepy Eye, MN, where he was raised. This was a long time ago. When he got to be the right age, he decided that he wanted to serve our country, and he signed up to serve in World War II. Well, back then, he went to the mili-tary, to the Army, and said: I want to sign up. They said: Well, it turns out—I don’t know what term they used back then, but he was undocumented. And when I first met him at the young age of 99, as he explained to me, back then, all you did was you went to Canada for a day, with our country’s OK, and slept in a hotel for a night, which is what he did, and then came back. Then he was made legal, and the Army signed him up, and he ended up going over and serving in the Pacific. He came back to this coun-try, met his wife, got married, had a son, and that son served in the Viet-nam war. A few years ago, when he was 99, I got to bring him to Washington, and we stood in front of the World War II Memorial. There he stood. He had never seen it before, and he would never go again. He just died at the age of 103. He stood there with two Dream-ers, suburban high school kids from Minnesota who wanted to join the Air Force, but they couldn’t do it. They didn’t have that right status. They were Dreamers too. They had been brought over as young kids. To me, that just brought it all home. This is a war hero, someone who served our country, and this is the kind of person we are talking about when we talk about the Dreamers. His last act of patriotism in the last few years of his life was to continue to push so that other kids could serve their country just as he had and just as his son had. While we have not reached an agree-ment yet on this bill, the reports on the bipartisan meeting are hopeful. But time is ticking by. Time is ticking. The American public is with us. This is not one of these issues where the public says: What are they doing? This makes no sense. No. A recent poll found that 86 percent of Americans support action to allow the Dreamers to stay here in the United States. So I am very hope-ful that we can come together on a bi-partisan agreement. The Dream Act was based on one simple principle, and that is that you should have the opportunity—this set of people, 800,000 people who came over here through no fault of their own, should have that opportunity to call this country home, as they have been doing for so many years. Passing the Dream Act isn’t just the morally right thing to do, it is the eco-nomically right thing to do. One recent study estimated that ending deferred action for childhood arrivals would cost the country over $400 billion over the next 10 years. It would cost my State more than $376 million in annual revenue. We are proud to be the home of more than 6,000 Dreamers. Since it was established in 2012, it has helped, as I have noted, nearly 800,000 young people who have lived in the United States since childhood to have better lives. Think about that— 800,000 people. As I mentioned, 97 per-cent of them are in school or in the workforce, and 72 percent of them are currently in school pursuing a bach-elor’s degree or higher. More than 100 students applied to medical school last year. Nearly 100 of them are currently enrolled in medical school at a time when we need more doctors, particu-larly in rural areas. Those are the facts. I note that at the meeting at the White House, the President actually said that when this got done, he want-ed to pursue comprehensive immigra-tion reform. It is something that we have done before on a bipartisan basis in the Senate, and I believe that is where we need to turn now. We talk about the economic sense of the Dreamers. Look at our country overall. Seventy of our Fortune 500 companies are headed by immigrants. Twenty-five percent of our U.S. Nobel Laureates were born in other coun-tries. Immigrants have been an eco-nomic engine for this country. Everyone in this Chamber came from somewhere. Their relatives came from somewhere. My grandparents on my mom’s side came from Switzerland, and on my dad’s side my great-grand-parents came from Slovenia. They worked in the mines. They worked so hard just to send my dad to college. They saved money in a coffee can in a basement. I am here today with great- grandparents who came straight from Slovenia, a grandfather who worked in a mine, a dad who grew up there and was the first one in the family to go to college and get a 2-year degree and then a 4-year degree, and I literally stand here on the shoulders of these immigrants. On my mom’s side, the Swiss side, my grandpa came over and ended up at Ellis Island when he was 18 years old, and they had reached the cap on Swiss immigrants. That might sound amus-ing, but that was the case. He then somehow got himself to Canada—I think he said he was going to live there—came back through—because he wanted to be in our country—came back through, ended up in Wisconsin, like all good Swiss, with my other rel-atives on my grandma’s side, worked at a cheese factory, and was an alien for 20 years. He finally applied for citizen-ship when World War II was breaking out, and that is when they found out that, in fact, he maybe had come into the country two different ways. But back then, they listened to his story, and they gave him citizenship. Other-wise, he would have been deported—I think it was 3 weeks before the U.S. joined World War II—as a Swiss Ger-man. Instead, he married my grandma back then, they had my mom and my mom’s brother, and here I am. I am on the shoulders of those immi-grants. So when I see these Dreamers, I see my own family, and I hope every-one in this Chamber sees the same thing—the American dream. That is why, Mr. President, I stand with the Senator from Virginia, Mr. K
AINE, with Senator D
URBIN , and so many of my colleagues who have been working on this for so long on both sides of the aisle. There has been leadership on both sides of the aisle. So let’s get this done, let’s pass the Dream Act, and let’s never forget that we all come from somewhere. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, a number of us are here today with a very simple, straightforward demand. We must act now to pass a Dream Act. Very simply, the honor and integrity of this Chamber are at stake. The young people who would be cov-ered under the Dream Act are Ameri-cans in all but name. They came here as children. They grew up as Ameri-cans. They go to our schools, serve in our military, and support our economy. They work hard and they give back and they believe in the American dream. Deporting Dreamers would be cruel and irrational, inhumane, and, very simply, repugnant to basic American values. Just think of Jonathan Gonzalez- Cruz. He is a college student at South-ern Connecticut State University. I had the privilege of meeting him in De-cember. His story has stuck with me. His story haunts me when I think of the moral imperative of this Nation to pass the Dream Act. Jonathan was born in Mexico. He came to this country when he was just 4 years old. The United States is home for him. It is the only country he has ever known. He received a full scholar-ship to attend Southern Connecticut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.044 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S133 January 10, 2018 
State University, and he is set to grad-uate this spring with an honors degree in economics and math. His dream is to attend law school, but due to the uncertainty surrounding DACA, he has decided to delay apply-ing, knowing he will be unable to re-ceive scholarships without his DACA status. He could attend, but he can’t pay for it with scholarships unless he has that DACA status. Jonathan first became compelled to speak up and tell his story after his fa-ther was deported, and they were un-able to even say goodbye. Despite his own struggles, Jonathan is a pas-sionate advocate for his community, and he actively works for Connecticut Students for a Dream. That organiza-tion, Connecticut Students for a Dream, is a group of students who help empower and advocate on behalf of other undocumented students. In fact, today, Jonathan is in DC to help ensure that the voices of students are, in fact, heard. Jonathan is a volunteer peer mentor through that organization be-cause he is so passionate about raising graduation rates and ensuring that all students like himself have the support they need to succeed. During his senior year, Jonathan has been interning at an immigration law firm, and he is glad to be helping oth-ers gain legal status in this country. The irony is not lost on him—and should not be lost on us—that he, him-self, could face deportation this year. If Jonathan is not permitted to stay—if Congress does not act and he loses his DACA protection—Connecticut and this Nation will be the losers. Con-necticut and this Nation will lose an educated and compassionate public service-minded individual who gives back to his community, to his fellow students, and to our State. He is just one example of the estimated 10,000 like him in Connecticut—and at least 700,000 around the country—who could lose their status in March if Congress fails to act now. Very simply, we have an obligation to do our job and provide permanent status and a path to citizenship for the Dreamers. The hopeful news is, there is broad bipartisan support for affording the Dreamers protection against mass, draconian deportation. Our challenge is to make sure that what we do here re-flects that broad bipartisan support in this Chamber and around the country because America knows it has made a promise. It made a promise to those Dreamers, and great countries do not break promises. Last night, a Federal district court issued a preliminary injunction order-ing DHS—the Department of Homeland Security—to resume accepting renewal applications. Once again, the courts have served as a bulwark for basic rights under rule of law, but this re-prieve is no final remedy. We must re-double our determination to protect these young people from draconian, mass deportation—a continuing threat as long as President Trump refuses to reverse his cruel, unconscionable pol-icy. A Federal judge has struck down President Trump’s order as unconstitu-tional, but a Dream Act is no less nec-essary today than it was yesterday. Congress should waste no time in swift-ly passing clean legislation—a clean Dream Act to protect these young peo-ple. When DACA was adopted in 2012, it changed the lives of young people like Jonathan. It opened new vistas. It pro-vided Dreamers with the opportunity to get driver’s licenses, to attend col-lege, to become productive members of our economy. Importantly, when DACA was adopt-ed, we made that promise to these young people. We promised that if they came forward and provided the United States of America with information, some of the most personal information any of us have—information about their addresses, employment, dates of birth, their families—we would not use that information against them. They had a place here under DACA. They had rights—moral, if not legal. That promise is now about to be broken. Great countries keep those promises. The United States is the greatest coun-try in the history of the world. It should not be breaking promises to in-nocent young men and women who know only this country, who believe in the American dream, who believe in America’s promises, who believed those promises when they offered that infor-mation and now are relying on the good faith of America. The rescission of DACA threatens to tear apart fami-lies, destroy lives, create disarray, and derail futures. We are a country that is better than this rescission. We are a country that keeps promises, and Con-gress must now act to protect these young people. DACA protections are set to expire in 2 months. Already, tens of thousands of DACA recipients are estimated to have lost their protection from removal. The longer Congress takes to act, the longer these young people, who were promised the American dream, con-tinue with anguish, with targets on their backs. Continued waiting means instability to the job market because companies are forced to hire replacements for DACA recipients and train new work-ers in anticipation of the March dead-line. It could mean a massive ejection of qualified, hard-working people vital to our economy. This kind of massive deportation by plane, by boat, by car, by foot would be unprecedented. We have never seen anything like it before. As I have said repeatedly, this kind of mass, draco-nian deportation would be a humani-tarian nightmare, a betrayal of Amer-ica. If Congress fails to pass the Dream Act, we will lose nearly $500 billion over the next 10 years. Let me repeat. We will lose $500 billion over the next 10 years. We will lose $25 billion in Medicare and Social Security taxes alone. In my home State of Con-necticut, we stand to lose $300 million in economic benefits a year. Now is the time to abandon the myth that the Dreamers work on the side-lines of American society. They are part of the fabric of this Nation. Their lives are woven into the great tapestry of America. They drive our economy. They give back to our communities. The administration has thrown a ticking time bomb into their lives, but it is also a ticking time bomb in this Chamber. We have the power to defuse it. In doing so, we can give hope to hundreds of thousands of members of our society and reaffirm the greatness of our country. At stake is nothing less than the character of our country, and that is why there is such bipartisan support for the Dream Act, as evi-denced yesterday in the Cabinet Room when the President met with Members of the Congress on both sides of the aisle. In the Dreamers, we see ourselves. We see relatives who came to this country years ago, many of them as teenagers. My father fled Germany at 17 years old with nothing more than the shirt on his back, speaking no English, knowing virtually no one here. Like him, they believe in Amer-ica’s promise, America’s dream, and we should believe in the Dreamers. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak about the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, known as DACA. That was an Executive order of President Obama’s which provided temporary legal status to immigrant students and young peo-ple if they registered with the govern-ment, paid a fee, and passed a criminal and national security background check. It was for 2 years and renew-able. Young people who are protected by DACA are known by some as Dreamers. They came to the United States as children. They grew up singing the ‘‘Star Spangled Banner’’ and pledging allegiance to our flag. They believed that they were Americans, but legally, they are not. The average DACA recipi-ent came to the United States at the age of 6 and has been here for approxi-mately 20 years. It was 7 years ago that I sent a letter to President Obama. I was joined in that letter, incidentally, by Senator Dick Lugar, a Republican from Indi-ana. In that letter, I asked President Obama: Can you find a way to protect these young people? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.045 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES134 January 10, 2018 
We passed the Dream Act on the floor of the House. We passed it on the floor of the Senate. We have never managed to pass it in both Chambers in the same year. And the President created the DACA Program. The DACA Program has been a suc-cess. Approximately 800,000 Dreamers have come forward and received DACA protection. Let’s allow them to be part of America as teachers, as nurses, as engineers, as first responders, and even serving in the U.S. military. But on September 5 of this last year, 2017, Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the Trump administra-tion was setting out to repeal DACA, to put an end to it. That same day, Presi-dent Trump called on Congress to come up with a solution to legalize DACA. He challenged us. He said to the U.S. Senate and House: Pass a law. If this is a good idea, pass a law. It has been more than 4 months since the President issued that challenge. The Republican leadership of Congress has not proposed any legislation to le-galize DACA as the President asked. The deportation clock is ticking for these young people who are protected. Already, 15,000 have lost their DACA status. Beginning on March 5—the deadline that initially was imposed by President Trump—every day for the next 2 years, 1,000 DACA young people will lose their ability to work legally in the United States and will be subject to being deported from this country. Who are they? Some 20,000 of them are teachers in our schools who would lose the right to work legally and have to leave their classrooms. Nurses would leave their patients. First responders would leave their posts. And 900 sol-diers would lose their ability to volun-teer to risk their lives for America’s future. This isn’t just a looming humani-tarian crisis; it is an economic crisis. More than 91 percent of DACA Dream-ers are gainfully employed and paying taxes. Many of them are students; yet they are still gainfully employed be-cause they don’t qualify for Federal as-sistance for higher education, so they have to work jobs, sometimes many jobs. The nonpartisan Institute on Tax-ation and Economic Policy reports that DACA-eligible individuals con-tribute an estimated $2 billion a year in State and local taxes. The Cato In-stitute, a conservative operation in Washington, estimates that ending DACA and deporting DACA recipients will cost the economy $60 billion and result in a $280 billion reduction in eco-nomic growth over the next decade. Poll after poll shows overwhelming bipartisan support for the Dreamers. FOX News found that 79 percent of Americans support a path to citizen-ship for Dreamers, including 63 percent of Trump voters. The answer is clear. It was 16 years ago that I first introduced the DREAM Act—bipartisan legislation to give these young people a path to citizen-ship. In July of last year, I introduced the most recent version with my col-league, Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM of South Carolina. We need to pass the Dream Act, and we need to do it now, before January 19. Over the years, I have come to the floor to tell the story of the Dreamers. I can give a pretty nice speech here, but these stories tell the story of this issue more than anything I can add to them. These stories show what is at stake when we consider the fate of DACA and the Dream Act. Today, I want to tell you about this young lady. Her name is Evelyn Valdez-Ward. This is the 107th Dreamer story I have told on the floor. Evelyn was 6 months old when her family brought her from Mexico to Houston, TX. She was quite a good student. She graduated 11th in her high school class of 650. She took all advanced placement classes and was a member of the Na-tional Honor Society. She was a mem-ber of the color guard in the marching band and regularly volunteered at homeless shelters and animal shelters. It wasn’t until she began to apply for college that she finally learned her im-migration status. She wasn’t like the other students with whom she had grown up and shared classrooms and experiences. Evelyn is undocumented, but it didn’t stop her—she was going to pursue college. One of her teachers believed in her because she was such a bright student and wrote her a letter of recommenda-tion to go to college. She was accepted into the University of Houston. She re-ceived multiple awards while in col-lege, including the Excellence in SI Leadership and Mentoring Award, the American Society of Plant Biology Award for Outstanding Research, and the Outstanding Biology Leadership Award. The summer after her freshman year, she was offered a great research oppor-tunity through the National Science Foundation. Because of DACA, she was allowed to work legally in the United States, and she was able to pursue this important research. That opportunity was in plant water transport research in California. This is where Evelyn fell in love with ecology and plants. She graduated magna cum laude in 2016 with a bachelor of science in biol-ogy. Today, she is a second-year Ph.D. student at the University of California, Irvine, in the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology. She is re-searching the effects of climate change on the interactions between plants and soil. Evelyn’s dream is to continue her research as a scientist and to become an advocate for strategies to mitigate climate change. In September, the American Associa-tion for the Advancement of Science wrote a letter opposing the White House decision to rescind DACA. Here is what they said: 
Many DACA students make significant contributions to the scientific and engineer-ing enterprise in the United States . . . high- achieving young people in DACA contribute in many ways to our nation. Many are study-ing to become scientists, engineers, medical doctors and entrepreneurs. Given the admin-istration’s decision, we urge Congress to craft legislation that provides long-term pro-tection for these young people who seek to continue their education and contribute to society. . . . Our nation needs an immigra-tion policy that advances U.S. innovation and prosperity, and stays true to foundational American goals that seek con-tributions to society from all. The Presiding Officer and I had a unique invitation yesterday. I would just say that as a Member of the House and of the Senate, I have never been in-vited to a meeting quite like the one we had yesterday with the President in the Cabinet Room of the White House. It was the President’s idea. I don’t know if it was a spur-of-the-moment idea, but it is one that came together very quickly in a few days. I think there were almost 26 of us— Democrats, Republicans, House and Senate Members—who were called to-gether by President Trump. I was kind of surprised, but there I was sitting right next to the President of the United States. It was only the third time we had ever spoken. The other two times, incidentally, were about DACA and the Dream Act, as you can probably guess. He invited me to sit next to him as we talked about this issue. Then he did something that was real-ly unusual. I have been to some meet-ings with the President in the Cabinet Room with President Obama and Presi-dent George W. Bush. Usually, what happens is, the cameras come in, the President says a few words, then the staff tells them to leave, and they re-luctantly pull out and leave. Yesterday was quite different. The President told the press they could stay, and they did, for almost an hour. The conversations between the President of the United States and Members of Congress were shared with the American people. I had never seen anything quite like it. I kind of liked it, to be honest with you. I think there was a lot of candor in the room. People were expressing their points of view, and there were many different points of view, but I think I came away from that meeting with more hope than ever that we can do something about DACA and the Dream Act. The President told us he would like to see it done. He added, though, there were things he wanted to be a part of it. One of them dealt with border security, which has been a pri-ority for all of us from the beginning. We want to establish—both political parties want to establish that we are committed to border security, and we are. How you define it, what it costs, and how it is implemented—some of these things we can define in our agree-ment; others will be left to future ef-forts by Congress and the President. Then he talked about the family uni-fication, and that is an issue that is very delicate. It is one that, as my col-leagues can imagine, really hits home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.047 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S135 January 10, 2018 
It is very personal as to whether a member of a family can bring someone they love—some relative in their fam-ily—to the United States. Even if they decide to bring them—incidentally, they may be waiting 30 years, in the case of those who are seeking entry into the United States through family visas; 80 years, from China; 160 years from Mexico. Some of these things are unrealistic and will never happen, but to talk about family unification really strikes home with a lot of families. I want to hear the President’s point of view, but I want to deal with this in the most sensitive and sincere way. We don’t want to flood the United States with people who are any danger to us, No. 1, or nonproductive citizens, but we certainly want to see families unified. There is a question about diversity visas. I will not go into it because it is a long story—the creation of this pro-gram, where it is today, and where it might be in the future. Here is what I do believe after yester-day’s meeting. I believe President Don-ald Trump called for that meeting be-cause he wanted to let the American people know he was serious. He wanted to show them he could be a President presiding over a table with 24, 25 Mem-bers of Congress from both political parties and tackle a sensitive, delicate, challenging issue. He wants to show the American people he can lead. I want to help him lead if the goal is to make sure DACA and the Dreamers ul-timately have their chance to be part of America’s future. I am willing to work in good faith with the President to compromise, whatever it takes, to bring this for-ward. There are so many lives hanging in the balance, and this is one of them—this wonderful, brilliant young woman who wants to make not only the world a better place but America a better place. She simply wants the chance to be here and be part of Amer-ica’s future. We can give her no less. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. REMEMBERING MATT HILLYARD Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to a remarkable man whose smile and beautiful soul touched the lives of everyone he met. Matthew Hillyard passed away peace-fully at his family home on January 4, 2018, to the grief of not only his family and close friends but to everyone who knew him in the Utah Legislature. Matt, the loving son of Lyle and Alice Hillyard, was born with Down syndrome. His parents were told he would not live past adolescence; yet he defied the odds and packed a lot of life into 42 years on Earth. Matt never let his disability define him; instead, he shared his special light with everyone who caught his eye. Matt’s father, Lyle, has served as a Utah lawmaker since 1981. The father- and-son duo became a fixture of the Utah Legislature. When things got tense on the senate floor, Matt’s inno-cence stood as a light to other law-makers, defusing tension and stress during the most heated debates. He made friends with people from all walks of life—be they legislators, secu-rity guards, or schoolchildren visiting the capitol. Matt’s smile and his big hugs were legendary, and people would often line up to be the recipient of his affection. I had the privilege of enjoying Matt’s hugs and greetings on many occasions, and I never left his side without feeling I had been in the presence of a truly re-markable son of our Heavenly Father. Legislative bodies across our country would be well-served with the steady presence of someone like Matt, a kind soul who gives love and unwavering friendship to all. I believe there is a special place in Heaven for Matt, who personified the pure love of Christ. He lived a life of sweet innocence, friendship, and love. His warm embrace and sweet smile will be greatly missed by all. It is my great-est hope that his family and all who knew him will find joy and peace in the memories we have shared with this ex-traordinary man. f 
LANDMINES Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, according to Landmine Monitor, which is the world’s best source of data on the pro-duction, use, export, stockpiling, and clearance of landmines, cluster muni-tions, and other unexploded ordnance, 2016 was a terrible year for casualties caused by mines and other UXO. In 2016, the Monitor recorded 8,605 casualties, of which at least 2,089 peo-ple were fatalities. That is the highest number since 1999, and it includes the most casualties of children ever re-corded. Civilians represented 78 percent of recorded casualties in 2016. There are still 61 countries that are known to be contaminated with landmines. On the positive side, approximately 232,000 landmines were destroyed in 2016, and 66 square miles of land were cleared of mines and other UXO. Inter-national donors and UXO affected countries increased support in 2016 for UXO clearance programs by $40 million above the previous year to $564.5 mil-lion. The United States was, like pre-vious years, by far the largest donor. It is also encouraging that, since March 1, 1999, when the international treaty banning antipersonnel land-mines came into force, 163 countries have joined. That is an extraordinary achievement for a treaty that owes its existence to the vision and persever-ance of hundreds of advocacy, human rights, arms control, humanitarian or-ganizations, and journalists, around the world, and the leadership of former Canadian Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy; yet despite this progress and substantial declining in the past few years, the number of innocent peo-ple maimed and killed by mines has steadily increased. There are several explanations for this. Rebel groups like ISIS routinely use landmines and other improvised ex-plosive devices. The wars in Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Yemen have been largely responsible. It may never be possible to completely eradicate the use of landmines by rebel groups, for the weapon is so cheap to manufacture while causing such harm. But the major powers that have not joined the treaty—the United States, Russia, China, Pakistan, and India— also share the blame. Antipersonnel landmines, which are designed to be triggered indiscriminately by the vic-tim, whether an unsuspecting farmer or an enemy or friendly combatant, have no place in the arsenals of modern militaries. It is hypocrisy to claim on the one hand, as our military does, that it uses every precaution to avoid harming civilians and prides itself on its precision weapons, and on the other hand to insist on the right to use a weapon that is the antithesis of precise and overwhelmingly harms civilians. I have spoken more times than I can count about the scourge of anti-personnel landmines and the need for the United States to join the Mine Ban Treaty so we are no longer an excuse for other countries not to join. Our military has not used landmines for more than two decades. In fact, U.S. policy now strictly limits the use of antipersonnel mines to the Korean Pe-ninsula, but we do not need them. What we need is the best protection for our troops to maneuver safely through minefields. We should have banned these indiscriminate weapons a long time ago, and we would have if land-mines were blowing off the arms and legs of children in this Nation the way they are in others, but we have learned that the Pentagon is not in the habit of giving up weapons, even if they are weapons that deserve to be relegated to the dustbin of history. That decision will only be made by a President who is willing to do what is morally right. Landmines have been aptly described as weapons of mass destruction in slow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.048 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES136 January 10, 2018 
motion. President Trump reacted with anger and disgust, as he should have, when Syria’s President Assad used chlorine gas against his own people. He should react the same way toward anti-personnel landmines and set an exam-ple for the rest of the world. I ask unanimous consent that a Jan-uary 6, 2018, New York Times editorial on this subject be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, Jan. 6, 2018] W
HYDOLANDMINES STILL KILLSOMANY? (By the Editorial Board) The world is rolling backward, and at a disturbingly faster pace, in the struggle to limit carnage from land mines and other booby-trap explosives. The most recent num-bers, covering 2016, are appalling. Known casualties that year came to 8,605, including 2,089 deaths, according to a new re-port by Landmine Monitor, a research arm of the International Campaign to Ban Land-mines. The toll was nearly 25 percent higher than the 6,967 maimed and dead counted a year earlier, and more than double the 3,993 in 2014. And these numbers are almost as-suredly an undercount. ‘‘In some states and areas, numerous casualties go unrecorded,’’ Landmine Monitor said. Much of the 2016 mayhem stemmed from conflicts in Afghanistan, Libya, Ukraine and Yemen, but people in 56 countries and other areas were killed or wounded by improvised explosive devices and other ordnance placed by governments or, more commonly, by in-surgent groups. The sheer indecency of it is self-evident. Nearly 80 percent of the victims were civilians; children accounted for 42 per-cent of civilian casualties in situations where the ages were known. One subset of the menace, cluster muni-tions, is singularly vicious. A single cluster bomb can contain dozens, even hundreds, of baseball-size bomblets that spray in all di-rections, ripping apart anything in their path. All too often, they fail to detonate right away and thus become time bombs that imperil unwary civilians who pick them up, including curious children. Cluster muni-tions alone caused 971 known casualties in 2016, more than twice the toll of the previous year, according to Cluster Munition Monitor. Most victims were Syrians, nearly all of them civilians, but Saudi Arabia has also used American-supplied cluster bombs in Yemen. Perhaps the saddest part of all this is that for well over a decade the world seemed to have gotten a grip on what are referred to generically as the ‘‘explosive remnants of war.’’ Thanks to an international treaty that came into force in 1999—now signed by 163 countries and banning the production, stock-piling and transfer of land mines—casualties declined steadily worldwide. They reached a low of 3,450 in 2013, compared with 9,228 in 1999. (A companion treaty outlawing cluster munitions, joined by 119 countries, went into effect in 2010.) As the death and injury toll for 2016 shows, nearly all that hard-won progress has been erased by the brutal con-flicts of recent vintage. The picture is not irredeemably bleak. The Landmine Monitor said that 32 donors, led by the United States, contributed nearly $480 million in 2016 for mine clearance and victim aid. That was an increase of 22 percent from the year before. More than 232,000 anti-personnel mines were reportedly destroyed in 2016, and about 66 square miles—an area nearly the size of Brooklyn—were cleared of explosive hazards. The grim reality, though, is that the land mine and cluster munitions treaties are un-dercut by the refusal of some of modern war-fare’s most powerful players to sign them. Among those countries are China, Iran, Israel, North Korea, Russia and Saudi Ara-bia. And the United States. The Pentagon has long insisted that eliminating cluster bombs could put soldiers at risk. As for land mines, they are deemed by Washington to be a useful tool in the demilitarized zone sepa-rating North and South Korea—a first-line defense for the South against a possible inva-sion. But given the North’s nuclear buildup, a mined DMZ seems to be a Cold War vestige of diminished value. Washington is not immune to inter-national suasion. Land mines are so stig-matized that American forces have barely used them since the 1991 Persian Gulf war. The United States stockpile, estimated at three million mines, is significantly reduced from pre-treaty years; it’s puny compared with the 26 million mines that Russia has on hand, according to the International Cam-paign to Ban Landmines. Similarly, Amer-ican reliance on cluster munitions, which peaked in the early stages of the 2003 Iraq war, has all but disappeared. In 2014 the Obama administration even sig-naled it might be willing to join the anti- mine treaty. Regrettably, that step never came. It might have been a moral statement encouraging others to follow suit. Now, with President Trump openly disdainful of inter-national agreements, the likelihood of Wash-ington’s signing the treaty would seem to be about zero. The Pentagon, under his ulti-mate control, recently authorized the mili-tary to restock older cluster munitions, whose immediate failure rate can be high, leaving bomblets that can explode and kill civilians even years later. For countries like Afghanistan, Libya, Ukraine and Yemen, the risks may endure long after the guns go silent. Vietnam pro-vides an example. Since the war there ended in 1975, at least 40,000 Vietnamese are be-lieved to have been killed and another 60,000 wounded by American land mines, artillery shells, cluster bombs and other ordnance that failed to detonate back then. They later exploded when handled by scrap-metal scav-engers and unsuspecting children. The lesson is stark for today’s war-torn countries. They could reap the same whirl-wind in coming decades. 
(At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the votes on the confirmation of Executive Calendar No. 371 and the motion to invoke clo-ture on Executive Calendar No. 389. On vote No. 5, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the confirma-tion of Executive Calendar No. 371. On vote No. 6, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 389.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING ANNE MICHELE IRBY Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today, with sadness in my heart, I wish to pay tribute to a very special person, Anne Michele Irby, a member of my staff for over 25 years and a dear friend who died on December 18, 2017. Anne was born in Baltimore and raised in Parkville. She was the daugh-ter of Basil T. Irby, a sales representa-tive for the Baltimore Stationery Co., and Jean Craig, a homemaker. She at-tended St. Thomas More School and was a 1979 graduate of the old Seton High School in Charles Village. She re-ceived a diploma from what was then Villa Julie College and earned a bach-elor’s degree from the University of Baltimore. Early in her career, she worked for the Baltimore Jewish Coun-cil and then became a lobbyist for As-sociated Catholic Charities of Balti-more. Anne joined my office in 1990 when I was a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives and remained a mem-ber of my team when I became a U.S. Senator. She was a dedicated case-worker in my Baltimore office and was an invaluable resource to my staff and the citizens of Maryland. She was an indefatigable advocate for veterans and their families and helped them navi-gate a complicated system to obtain disability, medical, and educational benefits. She also helped veterans ob-tain much-needed medical appoint-ments and lost medals. In addition to her work with veterans, she also worked tirelessly to help Marylanders save their homes as the foreclosure cri-sis spread across the State during the recession. Anne was very knowledgeable about the agencies and personnel available to serve the needs of my constituents. Agency professionals knew Anne and respected her willingness to assist those constituents in need. Anne con-sidered her position in my office as a career, not just ‘‘a job.’’ She was a true professional who wanted to make life better for as many people as she could. That is the essence of public service. Anne would be best described as a ‘‘gentle soul.’’ She was a devoted care-giver to her parents and close family members. She was a huge football fan. I think the only person she ever had a ‘‘beef’’ with was John Elway. The Bal-timore Colts drafted him in 1983, but he refused to play for the Colts, so they had to trade him to Denver. Even though she was from Baltimore, she later cheered hard for the team from Washington after the Colts left town under the cover of darkness on March 29, 1984. She spent many Mondays talk-ing about how her team fared on Sun-day. In addition to her love of football, Anne enjoyed a good book and a hot cup of coffee. She would often visit Washington’s Politics and Prose book-store to pick up the latest bestseller or meet her favorite author. She fre-quented Baltimore’s Woodlea Bakery and was known for bringing their donuts and cakes to the office for the rest of the staff and visitors. Ralph Waldo Emerson said, ‘‘To laugh often and much; To win the re-spect of intelligent people and the af-fection of children; To earn the appre-ciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; To appreciate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.036 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S137 January 10, 2018 
beauty, to find the best in others; To leave the world a bit better, whether by a healthy child, a garden patch, or a redeemed social condition; To know even one life has breathed easier be-cause you have lived. This is to have succeeded.’’ Anne Irby left us much too soon, but she succeeded. She touched so many lives and helped so many people and families across the State. She will be remembered for putting the concerns of others before her own. Many people wake up every day hoping to make a difference. We can all take comfort in knowing that Anne Irby actually did make a difference. I send my deepest condolences to her sister Donna Jean Rodgers, her other family members, and her friends. We are all grieving. I salute Anne for a job extraor-dinarily well done and pledge today that she will always be a member of ‘‘Team Cardin.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING CLIFF EVERTS ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to re-member and pay tribute to a pioneer of Alaska aviation, Cliff Everts, who passed away in December at the age of 95. One of the greatest compliments you can pay to a longtime Alaskan is to refer to that individual as a pioneer. Yes, Cliff was a pioneer, but that un-derstates the reverence with which he is held in Alaska’s aviation commu-nity. He is indeed an icon of Alaska aviation. Place yourself in a remote Alaskan village in the dead of winter. The out-door temperature is minus 25 degrees, and the village is running short of fuel. Imagine the sound of a fuel plane land-ing on your village’s gravel runway, de-livering thousands of gallons of fuel needed to sustain daily life in the bush and power remote work sites. Deliv-eries such as this make life in rural Alaska possible. This is the legacy of Cliff Everts. Originally born in New York, Cliff’s passion for flying began at a young age. He took his first flight at 12 years old. As a teenager, he delivered news-papers to pay for his flying lessons. Cliff trained on a Taylorcraft, a high- winged, two-seater aircraft, and was soloing within just 6 months. Later Cliff joined the Civilian Pilot Training Program, supporting wartime efforts during World War II. It was not long thereafter that he made the deci-sion to leave New York, to accept a po-sition flying as a copilot for Alaska Star Airlines in Anchorage. Alaska Star Airlines was a predecessor of to-day’s Alaska Airlines. Having grown to love Alaska, Everts embraced the pioneer spirit and accept-ed another position flying for Wien Air-lines in Fairbanks. He continued to fly for Wien Airlines for 35 years, logging over 30,000 hours of flight time. His flights carried mail, cargo, and pas-sengers throughout the entire State. While Cliff Everts was a pilot by trade, he was also a very savvy entre-preneur and was well known for his many business ventures, but he is best known for Everts Air Fuel. Cliff start-ed this business in the 1980s flying a C– 46. The C–46 is a World War II era high- altitude, multiengine aircraft. He quickly built the fleet, running his business on the philosophy that pro-viding for the unique needs of Alaskans can be done both efficiently and affordably by Alaskans. Cliff’s son, Robert, began his own aviation business called Everts Air Cargo. Between Everts Air Cargo and Everts Air Fuel, the pair owned 21 air-planes. I understand that there are six C–46 aircraft remaining in revenue service. The Everts enterprises fly four of the six, and that is a testament to how well they treat their equipment. They are also known for treating their people exceptionally well. Alaska was good to Cliff Everts. Cliff was great to Alaska. In recognition of his achievements, Cliff amassed numer-ous awards and recognitions. In 2007, Cliff received the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration’s Master Pilot Award. In 2011, the general aviation side of Fair-banks International Airport, what we call ‘‘East Ramp,’’ was dedicated in Cliff’s honor. In 2012, the Alaska Air Carriers Association designated Cliff as an ‘‘Aviation Legend.’’ Cliff was also inducted into the Alaska Aviation Hall of Fame. He holds the Alaska Aviation Entrepreneur Award. All appropriate recognition for a man best known for these words, ‘‘Flying has been my life, and I can’t see joy in doing anything else.’’ On Saturday, January 13, Alaskans from all walks of life will come to-gether in Fairbanks to celebrate the life of Cliff Everts. Cliff’s friends and admirers will be joined by his wife Betty and their large family. On behalf of my Senate colleagues, let me take this opportunity to share our condo-lences with Betty and the family and to thank Cliff Everts for his out-standing life of service to aviation and Alaska.∑ 
f 
MACOMB COUNTY, MICHIGAN, BICENTENNIAL ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 200th anniversary of Macomb County, MI. Situated along Lake Saint Clair in the southeast cor-ner of Michigan, Macomb County is built on industry and entrepreneurship and populated with dedicated citizens and entrepreneurs. French fur trappers were the first Europeans to arrive in the area during the 17th century, and when they recog-nized the possibilities presented to them within the area’s marshes, they sought new opportunities for trade. Moravian missionaries later estab-lished the first organized, non-native settlement in the area in 1782 as a ref-uge for Native Americans who had con-verted to Christianity along the banks of the Clinton River. In March 1780, Christian Clemens purchased a dis-tillery, which is considered the first building on the site of the future city of Mount Clemens. The next year, he bought 500 acres for development, and the site became known as High Banks. On January 15, 1818, Macomb County was formally organized as the third county in the Michigan territory and was named in honor of General Alex-ander Macomb, a highly decorated vet-eran of the War of 1812. High Banks was platted as the Village of Mount Clemens and named the county seat. Starting in the early 1800s and con-tinuing until 1840, settlers began mov-ing into the interior of the county and carved out farms from the hardwood forests. Families began focusing on ag-riculture as the roots of county vil-lages and towns began to be established by this time. Germans, Belgians, and other Europeans also began joining the original French and English settlers during this time. During the 1870s, mineral baths brought international fame to Mount Clemens as many thought the waters had healing powers, though interest in the spas eventually died out in the early 20th century. Between 1920 and 1930, Macomb Coun-ty saw its first population spike when it more than doubled from 38,000 to 77,000. This was caused by the estab-lishment of Selfridge Field in 1917, now the Selfridge Air National Guard Base, and the beginning of the migration of automotive workers moving out of the city of Detroit. During the 1940s and 1950s, the suburbs again saw a popu-lation increase but the largest instance of growth occurred between 1950 and 1970, when more than 440,000 moved to Macomb County and helped make it one of Michigan’s largest counties. Today Macomb County encompasses 27 local municipalities that nearly 1 million Michiganders call home. Like our country, its people come from dif-ferent backgrounds and ethnicities and share many different cultures. There are robust urban clusters, a prosperous manufacturing and economic industry throughout that is home to more than 18,000 businesses, and beautiful natural features and agricultural lands in the north. All of this has contributed to Macomb County having over 865,000 residents, making it the third most populated county in our great State. Macomb County has been an integral part of Michigan and our great Nation for 200 years. As a fifth generation Michigander living in the southeast Michigan area, I am honored to ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating this significant milestone for one of Michigan’s most important and storied counties and all those fortunate enough to call it home. I wish Macomb County continued growth and pros-perity for many years to come. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.033 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES138 January 10, 2018 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:07 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 535. An act to encourage visits be-tween the United States and Taiwan at all levels, and for other purposes. H.R. 1486. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide funding to se-cure non-profit facilities from terrorist at-tacks, and for other purposes. H.R. 3202. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report on cyber vulnerability disclosures, and for other purposes. H.R. 3320. An act to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to regain ob-server status for Taiwan in the World Health Organization, and for other purposes. H.R. 4433. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to achieve secu-rity of sensitive assets among the compo-nents of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and for other purposes. H.R. 4555. An act to authorize the partici-pation in overseas interagency counterter-rorism task forces of personnel of the De-partment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. H.R. 4559. An act to conduct a global avia-tion security review, and for other purposes. H.R. 4561. An act to provide for third party testing of transportation security screening technology, and for other purposes. H.R. 4564. An act to require a threat assess-ment on current foreign terrorist fighter ac-tivities, and for other purposes. H.R. 4569. An act to require counterter-rorism information sharing coordination, and for other purposes. H.R. 4577. An act to establish a working group to determine ways to develop a domes-tic canine breeding network to produce high quality explosives detection canines, and for other purposes. H.R. 4581. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop best prac-tices for utilizing advanced passenger infor-mation and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vetting oper-ations, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 535. An act to encourage visits be-tween the United States and Taiwan at all levels, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 1486. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide funding to se-cure non-profit facilities from terrorist at-tacks, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 3202. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report on cyber vulnerability disclosures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 3320. An act to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to regain ob-server status for Taiwan in the World Health Organization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 4433. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to achieve secu-rity of sensitive assets among the compo-nents of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 4555. An act to authorize the partici-pation in overseas interagency counterter-rorism task forces of personnel of the De-partment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4559. An act to conduct a global avia-tion security review, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 4561. An act to provide for third party testing of transportation security screening technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 4564. An act to require a threat assess-ment on current foreign terrorist fighter ac-tivities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 4569. An act to require counterter-rorism information sharing coordination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 4577. An act to establish a working group to determine ways to develop a domes-tic canine breeding network to produce high quality explosives detection canines, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 4581. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop best prac-tices for utilizing advanced passenger infor-mation and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vetting oper-ations, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 1693. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex traf-ficking (Rept. No. 115–199). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mrs. M CCASKILL: S. 2285. A bill to require mailing addresses to correspond with the physical address at which the mail will be delivered; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 2286. A bill to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and serv-ices for Peace Corps volunteers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 2287. A bill to repeal the medical device excise tax, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 2288. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit an annual report to Congress relating to the use of official time by employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to limit the instances in which offi-cial time may be granted for certain pur-poses to employees of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 2289. A bill to create an Office of Cyber-security at the Federal Trade Commission for supervision of data security at consumer reporting agencies, to require the promulga-tion of regulations establishing standards for effective cybersecurity at consumer report-ing agencies, to impose penalties on credit reporting agencies for cybersecurity breaches that put sensitive consumer data at risk, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 2290. A bill to improve wildfire manage-ment operations and the safety of fire-fighters and communities with the best available technology; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 2291. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the in-dividual tax rates in effect for taxable years 2018 through 2025; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. NELSON: S. 2292. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to prohibit oil and gas preleasing, leasing, and related activities in certain areas of the Outer Continental Shelf off the coast of Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. FLAKE: S. Res. 371. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate on the value of the bilat-eral relationship between the United States and Mexico; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 819 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Maryland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.007 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S139 January 10, 2018 
(Mr. C ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 819, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 1006 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1006, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion on the basis of sex, gender iden-tity, and sexual orientation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1124 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1124, a bill to grant the Director of the United States Marshals Service authority to appoint criminal investigators in the excepted service. 
S. 1218 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1218, a bill to promote Federal employ-ment for veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1358 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1358, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the treatment of certain direct primary care service arrangements and periodic provider fees. 
S. 1588 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1588, a bill to secure Federal vot-ing rights of persons when released from incarceration. 
S. 1650 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1650, a bill to authorize the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to award grants to support the access of marginalized youth to sexual health services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not pro-hibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. 1774 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1774, a bill to provide protec-tions for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting representation by a labor organization. 
S. 1873 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. COLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1873, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at med-ical centers of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2007 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2007, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-crease the exclusion for educational as-sistance programs. 
S. 2186 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2186, a bill to modernize laws and policies, and eliminate dis-crimination, with respect to people liv-ing with HIV/AIDS, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2274 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2274, a bill to provide for the compensa-tion of Federal employees affected by lapses in appropriations. 
S. RES. 363 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 363, a resolution expressing pro-found concern about the growing polit-ical, humanitarian, and economic cri-sis in Venezuela and the widespread human rights abuses perpetrated by the Government of Venezuela. 
S. RES. 367 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Wyo-ming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 367, a resolution condemning the Government of Iran for its violence against demonstrators and calling for peaceful resolution to the concerns of the citizens of Iran. 
S. RES. 368 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Sen-ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 368, a resolution supporting the right of all Iranian citizens to have their voices heard. At the request of Mr. C
ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Sen-ator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 368, supra. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. NELSON: S. 2292. A bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to pro-hibit oil and gas preleasing, leasing, and related activities in certain areas of the Outer Continental Shelf off the coast of Florida, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I must say, I have seen political games being played with trying to drill off of the coast of Florida. Not only am I ap-palled—I have recoiled at this political game—but unfortunately I am not sur-prised because of what we have seen happen in the last 15 hours. It all started late last week when the Department of the Interior released a new 5-year drilling plan. It virtually had all of the coastal waters—the Outer Continental Shelf of the entire United States—included in this plan, including that area of Florida that is off limits to drilling in law—a law that Republican Senator Mel Martinez and I passed back in 2006 that keeps drilling off of the gulf coast of Florida until the year 2022. This new proposal would open up nearly all of the Federal waters to drilling, including all of the coastal waters of Florida, both the west coast—gulf coast—and the east coast— the Atlantic—and also the Straits of Florida, those waters that come around the Florida Keys, which is the Gulf Stream that comes right up the south-east coast of Florida. The Gulf Stream then goes out across the Atlantic, past Bermuda, and ends up in Northern Eu-rope. Well, our colleagues have heard this Senator many times come and talk about how keeping oil rigs away from Florida’s coast is an issue that is im-portant to our State because of our tourism economy but also because of the military missions on the west coast—the gulf—as well as the Atlan-tic. As a Floridian, this Senator has been fighting this fight ever since the mid- 1980s when Secretary of the Interior James Watt intended to drill off the east coast of Florida where we were launching our space shuttle, dropping the solid rocket boosters, and where we were launching our military rockets, taking our clandestine satellites into orbit and dropping the first stages. That is how I beat it back in the 1980s, but lo and behold, here we are again in the same place. We know you can’t allow drilling in the Straits of Florida right off the Florida Keys because an oilspill there would be in the Gulf Stream, and that Gulf Stream hugs the coast of south-east Florida. Can you imagine what it would do to the beaches of the Florida Keys, Miami Beach, and all up the Gold Coast of Florida, all the way to Palm Beach, all the way north to Fort Pierce, where then the Gulf Stream heads farther in a northeasterly direc-tion out into the Atlantic? Well, let me show you what is hap-pening in the gulf coast. All of this in yellow is what is off limits in the Gulf of Mexico as a result of the 2006 law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.012 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES140 January 10, 2018 
There is an obvious reason for all of this—because this line is known as the Military Mission Line. Everything east of here is the largest testing and train-ing area in the world for the U.S. mili-tary. That is why we put this off limits to oil activity. Oh, by the way, the testing and train-ing mission for the entire Department of Defense is located right here at Eglin Air Force Base, which is where they brought all the pilot training for many nations for the F–35, the new super stealth jet fighter. Guess what is going on down here in Panama City at Tyndall Air Force Base. That is where we have all the pilot training for our F–22, another one of our stealth fighters. Down here in Key West, we have the Key West Naval Air Station. They bring in the squadrons of F–18s for the Navy at Boca Chica, which is where the airbase is, and within 2 minutes of lift-ing off the runway, they are over re-stricted airspace to do their testing and training. By the way, what about the rest of the Navy? They bring their amphibious ships in here, going onto the beaches up there by Eglin Air Force Base. And all of the activity is not just on the surface; the testing and training mis-sion is also subsurface because that is part of the Navy’s mission as well. There is ample opportunity to test because from here to here is 300 miles. From here to here is about 300 miles. So there is plenty of room to do this testing. This is the largest testing and training area in the world. But painfully, over time, we have found another reason, and that was over here off of Louisiana. A little over a decade ago, there was an oilspill. It wasn’t any little oilspill; it was the Deepwater Horizon, the BP well that spewed at the surface. At the bottom of the ocean, which was a mile below the surface, it spewed out 5 million barrels of oil before they got it stopped. That was a rig that did not work. There was supposed to be what is called a blowout preventer that was to go in and clamp off the well, and there was a blowout. It was defective. It didn’t close off that well at the wellhead 5,000 feet below the surface of the gulf. As a result, 5 million barrels of oil spilled. What happened to Florida’s economy, not even to speak of all the fishing over in Louisiana and Alabama and Mississippi? I will tell you what hap-pened to Florida’s economy. Oil came as far east as Pensacola Beach. Photo-graphs of oil completely covering the sugary white sands of Pensacola Beach went around the world. So what did people do? For an entire tourist season, they didn’t come to any of the beaches of the gulf coast because they thought there was oil on the beach. Painfully, that experience—not even to speak of what has been done to our environment and how much oil is still sloshing around down there on the bot-tom of the gulf—painfully, that experi-ence got in the minds of the businesses all up and down the gulf coast of Flor-ida. By the way, over on the east coast— had that oil ever gotten into a current called the Loop Current that comes down and becomes the Gulf Stream, that oil would have ruined the tourism industry all along Florida’s southeast coast, from the Keys to Miami Beach, and all the way up to Fort Pierce, FL. Floridians feel fairly strongly about this. That is why we were fortunate, over a decade ago, in a bipartisan way, to pass a law to keep all of that area I just showed you off limits. We knew what would happen to our tourism— what people subsequently found out with the Deepwater Horizon oilspill— and we knew what would happen to threaten our national security by ham-pering our ability to do our training and testing. So, voila, all of a sudden, the Trump administration announces last week that it is going to drill off all of Flor-ida. I have sponsored legislation in the past. I have introduced bills to expand the moratorium on the gulf coast. I have sponsored other legislation to protect Florida. And today I am intro-ducing another bill that would be a permanent ban on drilling off of Flor-ida’s coast for exactly the reasons I have just said. Last week, when the Secretary of the Interior, Secretary Zinke, announced that they were opening up nearly all Federal waters, including all of those around Florida, we, of course, went into fighting mode again. We will fight this, and it will be defeated. It turns out that was just a political stunt be-cause late yesterday—1 day after offi-cially publishing the plan in the Fed-eral Register—Secretary Zinke flew to Florida, met with the Governor of Florida for 20 minutes at the Tallahas-see Airport, and suddenly announced that he had now decided to take Flor-ida ‘‘off the table.’’ That sounds like a political stunt. While many in Florida have seen right through this shameless political stunt, it has opened up a long list of other questions that I have now asked Secretary Zinke to answer in a letter I sent today. What exactly does ‘‘off the table’’ mean? Is it the whole Eastern Gulf? Half of it? Is it 125 miles off the coast? Does it mean both coasts of Florida? Does it mean just one? What about the Straits of Florida, Secretary Zinke? What about the seismic surveys? You all have said you are proceeding with that. Are those off the table too? If you are going to take Florida waters ‘‘off the table’’ in this little political stunt that was done 1 day after the Federal Register published this proposed rule, does that mean you are going to elimi-nate the seismic surveys? There is no reason to expose marine life and endan-gered species to the harmful impacts of seismic surveys if there aren’t any ac-tual plans to drill in the area. So, Mr. Secretary, are you taking those off the table? What about your statement—it also included another caveat, Mr. Sec-retary. You said you were ‘‘removing Florida from consideration for any new oil and gas platforms.’’ Well, all of us know that platforms are different from wellheads. So tell me, Mr. Secretary, does that mean there will still be drill-ing off the coast of Florida, but the platforms themselves might be located just to the west of the Military Mission Line, and the wellhead is going to be underneath and far from that prohib-ited line? Mr. Secretary, does your change of heart mean that the adminis-tration now supports the bipartisan ef-forts of the Florida delegation to ex-tend the moratorium on drilling in the Eastern Gulf? That is the bill that I am introducing today, and it has been in-troduced by Congressman Castor in the House of Representatives. For every day that goes by without answers to these essential questions, the Secretary needs to add that much more time to the public comment pe-riod. The Secretary’s promise last night at the Tallahassee Airport, one day after publishing in the Federal Register that Florida is off limits—right now those are just empty words because the only real thing out there that exists is the law that prevents drilling off the gulf coast of Florida for the next 5 years. The Secretary has proposed a 5-year plan to drill the rest of Florida and to start drilling in 2023 off the gulf coast of Florida. There is also a law called the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, which spells out a very specific process for de-veloping lease sales in Federal waters. With all of this rush, and now saying that Florida is ‘‘off the table,’’ I fear this announcement of Secretary Zinke’s is going to discourage Florid-ians from commenting on the proposal that was published just this Monday— the one that opened up Florida’s entire coastline to drilling—because Florid-ians have been given false assurances that they are all in the clear. That brings us back to this political stunt: Design a plan for the entire United States, publish it on Monday, and take it back on Tuesday for Florida for po-litical reasons. Floridians should be aware and they should make their objections known because if they don’t, then the admin-istration will try to say that they never heard objections from Floridians. It goes on and on—more political games. Floridians aren’t the only ones who need to know what this means. What about all the other States that have been affected? Did you hear that there is an uproar among the Governors of other coastal States that are in this drilling plan of the administration? They asked: Why, one day later, would you go to Florida and say ‘‘We are eliminating it,’’ but, Secretary Zinke, you didn’t exempt my State—all the way from Maine in the North, all the way to Florida on the Atlantic coast, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.029 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S141 January 10, 2018 
all the other Gulf States, and then to the west coast of the United States, California all the way up to the State of Washington? It is more games. People in Maryland, people in Massa-chusetts, people in the Carolinas are really upset. They ask: Why don’t you eliminate the drilling that you are pro-posing off my State? What about out in California and Oregon and the State of Washington? The administration and Secretary Zinke shouldn’t be playing politics with an issue that is so important to all of our futures, especially so to Flor-ida’s future. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 371—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE ON THE VALUE OF THE BILATERAL RELATIONSHIP BE-TWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND MEXICO Mr. FLAKE submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 371 Whereas the United States and Mexico share a nearly 2,000-mile long border that spans 4 States of the United States and 6 Mexican states; Whereas for more than a century the United States and Mexico have maintained and fostered diplomatic ties that in 2017 allow for close cooperation and collaboration on efforts to strengthen security measures along the border, combat drug trafficking and illegal immigration, and facilitate cross- border trade; Whereas the United States and Mexico have enjoyed economic ties for more than a century that culminated with the implemen-tation of the North American Free Trade Agreement in 1994, which opened the Mexi-can market to the United States and Canada, creating the largest single free trade area in the world; Whereas before the North American Free Trade Agreement was in effect, in 1993, United States trade in goods with Mexico was worth approximately $82,000,000,000, and in 2016, United States trade in goods with Mexico was worth approximately $525,000,000,000; Whereas the United States has invested ap-proximately $1,800,000,000 in the Me ´rida Ini- tiative, which focuses on the disruption of organized criminal groups, institutionalizing the rule of law, creating a 21st-century bor-der, and building resilient communities; Whereas cooperation between the United States and Mexico to fight drug trafficking and organized crime has grown significantly since the implementation of the Me ´rida Ini- tiative and security cooperation has intensi-fied since 2008 as trade between the United States and Mexico has boomed; Whereas the United States intelligence community has worked effectively with its counterparts in Mexico to assist in the ar-rest of top criminals and drug traffickers, notably Joaquı´n ‘‘El Chapo’’ Guzma´n who was extradited to the United States by Mex-ico in 2017; Whereas Mexico has assisted the United States in extraditing criminals and fugitives of United States law captured in Mexico and such cooperation has increased substan-tially, with 12 extraditions in 2000 and 79 in 2016; Whereas Mexico has been an important partner in stanching the flow of illegal mi-grants from Central America bound for the United States, by deporting hundreds of thousands from Mexico before they reach the United States border; Whereas Mexico is second to only Canada in energy trade with the United States, pro-vides crude oil to the United States, and im-ports rapidly growing volumes of both petro-leum products and natural gas from the United States; Whereas recent changes to Mexico’s Con-stitution allow for further cooperation be-tween the United States and Mexico to de-velop North American energy resources to the benefit of both countries; Whereas, in 2015, the largest share of busi-ness and tourist travelers to the United States were from Mexico; Whereas the number of United States citi-zens living in Mexico has steadily increased and exceeded 1,000,000 in 2017, making United States citizens in Mexico the world’s largest United States expatriate community; Whereas Mexico is an active participant in international affairs through its membership in the United Nations and the Organization of American States, and hosted the G–20 Leaders’ Summit in 2012; Whereas the United States and Mexico maintain a robust education exchange pro-gram called the United States-Mexico Bilat-eral Forum on Higher Education, Innova-tion, and Research that strengthens student mobility between the United States and Mexico, aiming to send 100,000 Mexican stu-dents to the United States and 50,000 United States students to Mexico by 2018; Whereas the Mexico-United States Entre-preneurship and Innovation Council is a bi-lateral initiative comprised of public and private sector representatives designing new initiatives alongside public policies to en-hance regional competitiveness that strengthens the high-impact entrepreneur-ship system in North America; Whereas the North American Free Trade Agreement was negotiated 25 years before the date of agreement to this resolution, prior to the advancement of new tech-nologies and economies, such as the E-com-merce sector, that are not addressed in the Agreement’s chapters; and Whereas approximately 80 percent of Mexi-co’s exports go to the United States and 47 percent of Mexico’s imports come from the United States, making the United States Mexico’s most significant trading partner: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) values the bilateral relationship be-tween the United States and Mexico and the many benefits derived from cooperation on security, combatting transnational crime, energy, economic engagement, and cultural engagement; (2) recognizes that implementation of the North American Free Trade Agreement in 1994, and the resulting increase in trade, has provided a platform on which cooperation with Mexico on so many levels has been pos-sible; (3) recognizes that Mexico is an essential partner for the United States in regional se-curity and encourages the President to con-tinue to strengthen ties between the United States and Mexico to help advance United States regional interests; (4) understands that the relationship be-tween the United States and Mexico is strengthened by interaction between people from the United States and Mexico and eco-nomic interaction; (5) encourages United States drug enforce-ment agencies to continue developing strong cooperative measures with Mexico since ef-forts to stem the drug trade into the United States depend on Mexico’s cooperation be-cause, among other matters, more than 90 percent of heroin in the United States comes from Mexico; (6) stresses the importance of the North American Free Trade Agreement to the United States economy and to the bilateral relationship between the United States and Mexico; and (7) encourages the President to work to-ward modernization of the North American Free Trade Agreement in a way that strengthens the Agreement so that it can continue to provide benefits to the peoples of the United States and Mexico and the impor-tant bilateral relationship between the United States and Mexico. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I have 2 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, January 10, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Amer-ica’s Water Infrastructure Needs and Challenges.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, January 10, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Cir-cuit, Barry W. Ashe, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, Howard C. Niel-son, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, and James R. Sweeney II, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that Summer Lockerbie and Stephen Popick, fellows in my of-fice, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of this session of the Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REQUIRING THE COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES TO CONDUCT A STUDY AND SUBMIT A REPORT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 282, S. 875. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.030 S10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES142 January 10, 2018 
The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 875) to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study and submit a report on filing require-ments under the Universal Service Fund pro-grams. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. STUDY AND REPORT ON FILING RE-QUIREMENTS UNDER UNIVERSAL SERVICE FUND PROGRAMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administrative Procedure Act’’ means subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code; (2) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Commission; (3) the term ‘‘covered carrier’’ means an eligi-ble telecommunications carrier or service pro-vider that receives universal service support under sections 214(e) and 254 of the Communica-tions Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 214(e) and 254) for the provision of service under a Universal Serv-ice Fund program; and (4) the term ‘‘Universal Service Fund pro-gram’’ means each program of the Commission set forth under part 54 of title 47, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or any successor thereto, in-cluding— (A) the Connect America Fund set forth under subpart D of that part; (B) the Lifeline program set forth under sub-part E of that part; (C) the E-Rate program set forth under sub-part F of that part; (D) the Rural Health Care program set forth under subpart G of that part; (E) the Remote Areas Fund set forth under subpart J of that part; (F) the Connect America Fund Broadband Loop Support program set forth under subpart K of that part; (G) the Mobility Fund set forth under subpart L of that part; and (H) the High Cost Loop Support for Rate-of- Return Carriers program set forth under subpart M of that part. (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to the Com-mission, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report, which shall include— (1) an analysis of the filing requirements for covered carriers participating in a Universal Service Fund program, including any filings re-quired by the Universal Service Administrative Company; (2) an analysis of the financial impact of those filing requirements on covered carriers participating in a Universal Service Fund pro-gram; and (3) recommendations, if any, on how to con-solidate redundant filing requirements for cov-ered carriers participating in a Universal Serv-ice Fund program. (c) RULEMAKING .— (1) N
EW OR ONGOING RULEMAKING .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), not later than 60 days after the date on which the report is sub-mitted under subsection (b), the Commission shall— (A)(i) initiate a rulemaking to consolidate re-dundant filing requirements for covered carriers participating in a Universal Service Fund pro-gram; and (ii) incorporate into the rulemaking under clause (i), and as part of that rulemaking seek comment on, the recommendations described in subsection (b)(3), if any, except to the extent that doing so would violate the requirements of the Administrative Procedure Act; or (B) incorporate into an ongoing rulemaking relating to consolidating redundant filing re-quirements of the Commission, and as part of that rulemaking seek comment on, the rec-ommendations described in subsection (b)(3), if any, except to the extent that doing so would violate the requirements of the Administrative Procedure Act. (2) W
ASTE, FRAUD , AND ABUSE .—In a rule-making in which the Commission is required under paragraph (1) to seek comment on the rec-ommendations described in subsection (b)(3), if any, the Commission shall also seek comment on and consider whether the benefit of each rec-ommendation is outweighed by any potential in-creased risk of waste, fraud, and abuse in the Universal Service Fund program affected by the recommendation. (3) P
REVIOUS RULEMAKING .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply if, on or before the date on which the report is submitted under subsection (b), the Commission completes a rulemaking to consolidate redundant filing requirements for covered carriers participating in a Universal Service Fund program. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 875), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Thursday, Jan-uary 11; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Brown nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:42 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, January 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
PAUL C. NEY, JR., OF TENNESSEE, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE, VICE JEN-NIFER M. O’CONNOR. 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
HOLLY W. GREAVES, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY, VICE BARBARA J. BENNETT, RE-SIGNED. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate January 10, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
THOMAS LEE ROBINSON PARKER, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.049 S10JAPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE21 January 10, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CAREER OF SPECIAL AGENT-IN-CHARGE CJ HYMAN 
HON. TREY GOWDY 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following Proclamation in honor of a friend and an exceptional Special Agent-in- Charge at the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. I want to recognize the career of Special Agent-in-Charge CJ Hyman, who retired in December after more than 30 years of distinguished service at the ATF. Whereas, Special Agent-in-Charge Hyman began his career with the ATF in 1987, as a Special Agent in Charlotte, North Carolina. There Special Agent Hyman played an integral role in the forming of the Charlotte Violent Crime Task Force, in which he investigated and prosecuted narcotics and firearms traf-ficking as well as robberies, kidnappings, and homicides. Special Agent Hyman would be se-lected to lead the task force for five years, during which time he supervised and led the investigation of Eric Rudolph after he bombed an abortion clinic in Birmingham, Alabama, in 1998. Whereas, over the course of 30 plus years, Special Agent-in-Charge Hyman served in nu-merous other leadership positions including as the Resident Agent-in-Charge in the Green-ville, South Carolina Field Office for ten years and as the Special Agent-in-Charge of the Charlotte Field Division, encompassing both North and South Carolina. In each position that Special Agent-in-Charge Hyman has held throughout his career, he has provided out-standing leadership and integrity in his service to the Carolinas. Whereas, 31 December 2017, Special Agent-in-Charge Hyman officially retired from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, having faithfully served this great nation for more than 30 years. Be it Resolved, That I, Trey Gowdy, do congratu-late Special Agent-in-Charge CJ Hyman, his wife Leslie, their two children, Josh and Casey for their unwavering commitment and devotion to service of our great nation and thank them for their unwavering loyalty, dedication and contributions to the Carolinas and the Fourth Congressional District of South Carolina. 
f 
HONORING JUDGE CHUNG PAK 
HON. JAMIE RASKIN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent and friend, Judge Chung Pak, for his extraordinary career in public service and his exemplary commitment to serving his community and the great State of Maryland. Judge Pak is retiring after 31 years of splen-did government service. For more than 23 years, Judge Pak served as an Administrative Patent Judge with the U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB), where he adjudicated more than 6,000 patent cases and personally issued over 2,000 opinions. Judge Pak has also served on the PTAB New Judge Training Committee, the PTAB Publication Committee, the Board of Patent Appeals, the Patent Acad-emy Course Review Committee, and the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Diversity Coun-cil. Judge Pak embodies the spirit of the Amer-ican Dream and the immigrant success story. In 1971, he immigrated with his family from South Korea to Alabama, where he worked at the local Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurant. In high school, he played nose guard on the football team, but it was his extraordinary skill on the tennis court that ultimately earned him a scholarship to Auburn University. After earn-ing a degree in chemical engineering, Chung attended the Columbus School of Law at the Catholic University of America, where he be-came a moot court champion. Prior to his appointment to the Patent Trial and Appeal Board, Pak was an intellectual property counsel at Praxair, Inc. and Union Carbide Corporation, where he worked on a wide range of issues including domestic and foreign patent procurement, litigation, trade se-crets, antitrust, and licensing. He also served as a Primary Patent Examiner and an Assist-ant Patent Examiner at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for more than eight years. Judge Pak is a widely-respected community leader who has volunteered his time and in-vested his energy in a number of state and local causes. He has served as Co-Chair of the NAACP Montgomery County’s Multicultural Partnership Committee, Board Member of the Senior Executive Association, member of Ger-mantown Police Advisory Committee, member of the Maryland Attorney General’s Advisory Council, and as a Maryland Higher Education Commissioner. In recognition of his passionate commitment to public service, Judge Pak has received the President’s Volunteer Service Award, the Maryland Governor’s Volunteer Service Award, Progressive Maryland’s Progressive Leader Award, and the Montgomery County Police Department’s Award of Appreciation. He was also inducted into the Montgomery County Human Rights Hall of Fame. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Judge Chung Pak for a long and distinguished career in public service and in celebrating his dedication to his community and our country. HONORING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF DR. EUGENE G. ARTHURS HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Eugene G. Arthurs, a visionary lead-er, dedicated scholar, and passionate advo-cate for science and technology, on the occa-sion of his retirement from SPIE, the inter-national society for optics and photonics. Dr. Arthurs led SPIE from its headquarters in Bel-lingham, WA. During his tenure, SPIE grew to 19,000 members and 264,000 constituents representing optics and photonics experts and industry leaders in 166 countries, making Bel-lingham the home to a top international sci-entific society. Dr. Arthurs’ distinguished career as a physi-cist, educator, CEO, and global photonics community leader provided him with the op-portunity to share his passion for the science and beauty of light with students, researchers, and politicians across the globe. He was one of the driving forces behind the launch of the National Photonics Initiative (NPI), an alliance of top scientific societies uniting industry and academia to raise awareness of photonics. He has been a tireless spokesperson for the need of the science and technology community to engage with policymakers. Before he joined SPIE in 1999, he spent 25 years working in photonics in the United King-dom and the United States. He was the first member of his family to get a science degree, receiving his Bachelor of Science with honors in physics and his doctorate in applied physics from Queens University Belfast. He taught optoelectronics at Queens and conducted re-search at the Imperial College of London be-fore immigrating to the United States in 1980. I would like to thank Dr. Arthurs for his com-mitment and dedication to the field. He has been an asset to the science policy commu-nity, and his guidance in the creation of the NPI provided a solid foundation in photonics advocacy work. I wish him the best and hope he continues to find inspiration in his future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. GREGORY O. DIAS, JR. 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I, along with my colleague, Representative D
EVIN NUNES , rise today to honor the life of Mr. Gregory O. Dias, Jr., affectionately known as ‘‘Butch,’’ who unexpectedly passed away on December 16, 2017. Mr. Gregory O. Dias, Jr. was born in Han-ford, California on December 31, 1948. His 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JA8.001 E10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE22 January 10, 2018 
maternal grandfather bestowed the nickname ‘‘Butch’’ upon him at a young age and it stuck with him his entire life. Butch was the first born son of Gregory O. and Vivian M. Dias. He attended Kit Carson Elementary School and Hanford Union High School before attend-ing California State University, Fresno. He was involved with his family’s farm operation most of his life, eventually helping his parents form their family business, Gregory O. Dias and Sons Dairy and Farming Incorporated. Butch helped his parents grow the business into many dairies and farms throughout Kings and Tulare Counties. In 1974, Butch married Alice Vander Tuig in Hanford, California. While growing their busi-ness, the couple had three children, Rachelle, Darren, and Gregory. Eventually, Butch and his wife acquired Delta View Dairy Farming, which they renamed Rachelle’s Jerseys in honor of their daughter, Rachelle, who lost her life in a tragic car accident. A third-generation dairy farmer, Mr. Dias was a great farmer and a true leader within the industry. He was passionate about farm-ing, the land, and the animal and enjoyed working with his two sons Greg and Darren every day. In addition to agriculture, Butch en-joyed traveling the world. He traveled the world learning about other cultures and making friends, all while pro-moting California agriculture abroad. Butch en-joyed talking, visiting, entertaining, and cook-ing. He was a ‘‘barbecue specialist’’ who often volunteered to cook for family events and community activities. His barbecue was re-nown throughout the Central Valley. He be-lieved one should give back to his community, and led by example, contributing extensively to the surrounding community. Mr. Dias was involved in numerous organi-zations throughout his life: 4–H Mid Valley Chapter, Hanford FFA, State Champion Milk Judging Team, Kings County Herd Improve-ment Association, California Milk Advisory Board, Dairyman’s Cooperative Creamery as-sociation, California Dairy Research Council, U.S. Jersey Association, Luso-American, Delta View School District, Widgeon Land and Cat-tle, Exeter Duck Club and Farm Credit West. Butch also bravely served his country in the Vietnam War as a member of the United States Navy. Butch is survived by his wife Alice, their sons; Darren and his wife Tabitha, and Greg-ory and his wife Melanie. Butch loved his chil-dren and was blessed to become a grand-father to their children, Nixon, Wren, Hudson, Bristol, and Reed. Mr. Speaker, today we ask our colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join us in honoring the life of Mr. Gregory O. ‘‘Butch’’ Dias, Jr. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends during this dif-ficult time. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for votes Tuesday, January 9, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted: Roll Call No. 2, Aye; Roll Call No. 3, Aye; and Roll Call No. 4, Aye. THERE IS LIGHT HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of a great American Hero, The Eagle of The Senate and his coming battle. Our hopes and prayers are with J
OHN MCCAIN. I ask that this poem penned in his honor by Albert Carey Caswell be included in the R
ECORD . 
There is darkness And there is light Coming out of the darkness burning ever so bright With the kind of faith of our Fathers, which built this Nation ignites Of hope, faith, honor, service, and courage ever so bright Now, there is a battle, And there is a fight Looming out in the darkness on the floor of the Senate on this very night With all of our Nation’s prayers in sight As once again, America’s Son, her Hero, her friend, John McCain is in the battle for his life. As this great leader’s heart once again must somehow ignite But, where there is darkness, there is the light. And you’ll find men like John McCain, this Top Gun whose soul burns ever so very bright Coming out of the darkness burning so bright Who out of this darkness will bring his light, The kind which built this great Nation to its very height As has John been armed with throughout the generations, with ‘‘The Faith of His Fathers’’ so all in plain sight Who have fought and served this Nation with all of their might Like Father Like Son, as has John always this one Courageously served this Nation, starting with his ancestor serving under George Washington As his Grandfather and Father, the first Admiral team serving this Nation as one All too has John all in his life’s work in what he has done Showing us all, the definition of courage as one of America’s Greatest of Sons Not as The Lion of The Senate but as an Eagle this one Who throughout the years has soared on the floor of the Senate, battling for each and every one Crossing the aisle, this man of such style when it had to be done Leading everyone Now there’s a battle And there’s a fight Upon, the Senate floor on this very night With America’s Hero heart burning bright Coming out of this darkness shining his light To teach us all what is magnificent and what is right Now, it’s fourth and long As America’s Son’s heart beats strong. My money is on John, Whose life sings like a song, Who has always come out of the darkness, With the heart of a champion and an eagle to which it belongs. No matter the battle, No matter the fight, Even as a POW, this Hero came out of that darkness shining bright. John, your roommate in the Hanoi Hilton Bud Day, up in Heaven, is watching over you on this very night. Because, John has always come armed with his light. No matter the battle, No matter the fight, Either way John, the world still wins. Continuing as the leader of the Senate, as America’s friend Or as an Angel in The Army of our Lord whose time so begins To watch over us again and again To fight that battle against the darkness which we must win John, win that war. Win that fight! For you have blessed this great Nation with all of your light But, my money’s on you John, because in the end the darkness does not match the light, The kind brilliance which emanates from your great soul on this very night. God bless you our Son in your upcoming fight As you bless our hearts once again, we look upon your light. There is light. Amen. f 
COMPACT IMPACT RELIEF ACT 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I reintroduce the Compact Impact Relief Act to address the costs of providing local public services to mi-grants under the Compacts of Free Associa-tion. I am very pleased to have the support of our colleagues from Hawai’i and the Northern Mariana Islands, as original cosponsors. Under the Compacts, an unlimited number of citizens from three Freely Associated States (FAS)—the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and Palau—may live and work in the United States. Compact migrants effectively enjoy the same freedoms of movement and to work as lawful permanent residents, like green card holders, in our country do. As such, our bill seeks to allow Compact mi-grants to participate in select federal pro-grams, if they meet the program criteria, the same way that green card holders can under current law. Importantly, our bill ensures that federal re-sources are not diverted from U.S. citizens and nationals in order to accommodate Com-pact migrants. Economic conditions and the reality of cli-mate change for Pacific island nations have driven more and more Compact migrants to the United States. Guam remains the primary destination for Compact migrants, followed closely by Ha-wai’i. According to the most recent Census Bu-reau figures, more than 76,000 FAS citizens reside in the United States, including nearly 18,000 on Guam. I appreciate that the Compacts remain im-portant to American strategic interests in the Asia-Pacific region, including Guam’s security. I also know—firsthand—the significant con-tributions that Compact migrants make to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.001 E10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE23 January 10, 2018 
Guam and other communities as far away as Springdale, Arkansas. Many citizens of the Freely Associated States serve proudly in the United States mili-tary. However, insufficient support from the fed-eral government causes serious strain on local jurisdictions with significant Compact migrant communities. The costs borne by GovGuam and other local governments are simply unsustainable. Congress must act to provide federal relief to Guam and other jurisdictions required to serve these underprivileged Compact migrant communities. Mr. Speaker, that is exactly what the Com-pact Impact Relief Act would do. Our bill includes novel policy changes that would provide additional federal resources for Guam, Hawai’i, and other states and terri-tories. In particular, the Compact Impact Relief Act ensures that Guam—and other territories—can utilize fully important federal programs includ-ing: Job Corps centers funded by the U.S. De-partment of Labor; national and community service programs like AmeriCorps and the Youth Conservation Corps; and an accurate 10-year census that counts Compact migrant residents. Our bill would permit Guam and other af-fected jurisdictions to apply costs spent pro-viding public services to Compact migrants to-ward the non-federal portion required to pro-vide Medicaid to Americans. The bill also classifies Compact migrant schoolchildren as ‘‘federally connected stu-dents’’ to make local schools serving them eli-gible for impact aid funding from the U.S. De-partment of Education. Importantly, our bill authorizes additional funding so that Compact migrant students do not take resources away from school districts receiving federal impact aid currently. Next, our bill requires comprehensive as-sessments of: the Compacts and their imple-mentation; the economies of jurisdiction af-fected by the Compacts and the three Freely Associated States; and the unique health needs of Pacific Islanders. As the United States looks to renew the Compacts ahead of their expiration in fiscal year 2023, the federal government cannot continue to force local jurisdictions to shoulder the substantial costs of accommodating Com-pact migrants. Guam and other states and territories af-fected by Compact migrants need to be reim-bursed fairly for the costs of serving these un-derprivileged communities. Congress must increase mandatory funding for Compact impact to the level recommended by the Government Accountability Office (GAO), as I have called for consistently. In the meantime, I urge this House to pass the practical policy changes included in my Compact Impact Relief Act into law. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on Monday, January 8, and Tuesday, January 9, 2018, due to a family emergency. If I had been able to vote, I would have voted as follows: On the Quorum Call for establishing a quorum in the House of Representatives for the Second Session of the 115th Congress, I would have answered ‘‘present.’’ On H. Res. 676, supporting the rights of the people of Iran to free expression, condemning the Iranian regime for its crackdown on legiti-mate protests, and for other purposes, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ On H.R. 4564, the Post-Caliphate Threat Assessment Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ On H.R. 4581, the Screening and Vetting Passenger Exchange Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ f 
IN HONOR OF PHYLLIS HAHN’S RECOGNITION FOR HER OUT-STANDING WORK SUPPORTING OUR VETERANS 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Phyllis Hahn on being recognized with twin Certificates of Commendation for her outstanding coopera-tion and participation in serving our veterans. Inspired by her family’s long tradition of mili-tary service and the deep national patriotism and commitment to supporting our armed forces she grew up with during World War II, Phyllis has been dedicated to assisting and honoring our veterans for almost 70 years. Phyllis joined the American Legion Auxiliary Unit No. 1 at 15 and the Veterans of Foreign Wars Auxiliary No. 3511 one year later be-cause she was too young to serve in the mili-tary herself. Since then, she has been an ac-tive and faithful member of both organizations, currently serving as the president of the Amer-ican Legion Auxiliary and treasurer of the VFW Auxiliary. Phyllis’ patriotism and dedication to sup-porting our veterans is exceptional. She un-derstands the needs of our former servicemen and is committed to giving them the assist-ance they need and deserve. Phyllis has made an excellent example to her friends, her family, and people across our state. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Phyllis Hahn for her rec-ognition, and thank her for her commitment and many contributions to our veterans and to our great state. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GREG KOSTKA IN HONOR OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE HOUSE OFFICE OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, each year for the past 57 years the Congress has passed annual legislation to authorize the policies, programs, and activities of the De-partment of Defense. Today, we refer to this important legislation as the National Defense Authorization Act. Crafting this bill is no easy task, and it couldn’t be done without the countless hours of work put in by the House Armed Services Committee staff and the attor-neys at the House Office of Legislative Coun-sel. Today, I rise to honor a member of the legislative counsel team to thank him for his 31 years of service to the House of Rep-resentatives, and especially to the House Armed Services Committee. A graduate of the University of Wisconsin Law School, Greg Kostka joined the House Office of Legislative Counsel in 1986 and has had a hand in the drafting of each National Defense Authorization Act since the Fiscal Year 1989 bill. While Greg’s focus areas have been in military personnel, military justice, mili-tary construction, and readiness, he is known by his colleagues as someone capable of drafting in virtually any area of defense law if called upon. And from 2016 to 2017, Greg served as the defense team lead in the Office of Legislative Counsel. Greg’s expertise and interest in the military extended beyond his time drafting legislation in his office. As an amateur historian of the Civil War, Greg wrote an unofficial history of the role of the Third U.S. Regular Infantry dur-ing the American Civil War. I understand that he also participated in Civil War reenactments. Greg was a regular participant in annual legislative update programs for the military’s Judge Advocate Generals and accompanied committee staff on visits to several military in-stallations. Greg brought his expertise and in-terest with him every day, and his work showed that he cared deeply about the men and women who serve in uniform. Greg’s professionalism and institutional knowledge have been greatly appreciated by his colleagues in the Office of Legislative Counsel as well as by Members and staff who have had the pleasure of working with him over the years. After 31 years of dedicated service to the House of Representatives, Greg announced his retirement from the Office of Legislative Counsel on December 31, 2017. On behalf of all the Members and staff of the House Armed Services Committee, I offer my sincere gratitude to Greg for his expertise and wise counsel over the years and wish him, and his wife Jeanine, all the best in his retirement. f 
HONORING GUS FRANK, CHAIRMAN OF THE FOREST COUNTY POTA-WATOMI EXECUTIVE COUNCIL 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Gus Frank, Chairman of the Forest County Potawatomi Executive Council, who recently announced that he is retiring after 20 years of dedicated service to his tribe. Gus has worked tirelessly for the benefit of his people—and he’s always done it with a smile on his face. I’m proud to have worked with Gus for several years on many issues affect-ing our communities and I’m proud to call him a friend. I congratulate him on his retirement. Gus has truly earned it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.004 E10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE24 January 10, 2018 
HONORING CARRIE STUART OF PENNSYLVANIA FOR MORE THAN 20 YEARS OF SERVICE TO HER COMMUNITY 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I extend my sincere congratulations to my constituent, Carrie Stuart, on more than 20 years of serv-ice with the Gettysburg Adams Chamber of Commerce. Carrie began her tenure at the Gettysburg Adams Chamber of Commerce as a tem-porary employee, but later became the full- time Office Manager. In 2008, she was named the organization’s president. During her tenure, the Chamber created a dialogue with other economic organizations in Adams County to attract new businesses and grow the local economy, instituted new pro-grams to benefit Chamber members, invested thousands of dollars back into the local com-munity, and worked with the business and education community to identify critical work-force development needs. Carrie also has been an active member of many community service organizations, includ-ing the United Way of Adams County, Main Street Gettysburg, the Adams Economic Alli-ance, and many others. Carrie Stuart’s tireless dedication and pro-fessionalism has touched the lives of count-less people and challenges all with whom she serves to be the best. She continues to build an impressive legacy of service to our commu-nity. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I thank and congratulate Carrie Stuart on her 20 years of service and look forward to working with her in the years ahead. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ANN ELIZABETH LEE 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of Ann Elizabeth Lee, a longtime resident of Conroe, TX, and a de-voted educator, community leader, and friend. Born in Austin, TX, Ann Lee discovered her natural talent and love for music at an early age. After relocating with her family to Taylor, TX, Ann worked to improve her musical abili-ties and became heavily involved in music programs, such as the Honors Band, Stage Band, and the choir at Taylor High School. Upon her graduation, Ann attended Sam Houston State University, where she majored in Music Education and continued to refine her talent. Ultimately, Ann graduated magna cum laude, ranking in the top ten percent of her class. In 1977, Ann moved to Conroe, TX, where she began a new chapter of her life as the choral director for Conroe High School—a po-sition she held for eight years. Throughout her time in Conroe, Ann worked with countless young men and women, instilling in them a love for music and a discipline that would guide them throughout the remainder of their lives. In addition to her position at the high school, Ann took on the role of Director of Music at the First United Methodist Church in Conroe. There, Ann uncovered her passion for music ministry, began performing for her church’s congregation, and worked tirelessly to serve her community. Her love for the people of Conroe led her to join the Conroe Lions Club, where she worked in her community for over thirty years. In 1984, Ann became the director of the Conroe Chorale. Ann took the Chorale, now known as the Montgomery County Choral So-ciety, to new heights. She organized commu-nity concerts and traveled with the group on multiple international trips, taking their per-formances and concerts across Europe. Ann’s passion for her students, her church, her community, and her music led her to posi-tively influence the lives of everyone who crossed her path. She made a lasting impact on the people of Conroe, and I was honored to call her my friend. I join Ann’s family, friends, and the thou-sands of people she impacted over her life-time in recognizing and honoring her many years of service to the Conroe Community. Ann passed away on November 13, 2017, and she will be sorely missed. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PHILIP MARKOWICZ 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary life of Philip Markowicz, who was a resident of Sylvania, Ohio and Aventura, Florida. Phil was also a renowned author and lecturer on the Holo-caust and Judaism as a survivor of the Holo-caust. As a business leader, he founded Phil’s TV and Appliance in Toledo, Ohio. Phil was born in 1924 in Przerab, Poland where he attended the Przedborz Yeshiva and was known as a Bible and Talmud prodigy, and had the intention of becoming ordained as a rabbi. Unfortunately, the 1939 Nazi Invasion of Po-land shutdown the Przedborz Yeshiva and as a teenager through the first years of World War II Phil was confined in the Lodz Ghetto working as a slave laborer under Nazi rule. He spent all of his nonworking time in intensive study of many of the classic works of history, philosophy and political thought, supplementing his orthodox religious studies. When the Lodz Ghetto was dismantled, Phil was deported by the Nazis to the Auschwitz- Birkenau death camp. He realized that staying there meant certain death and he sneaked into an outside work detail, avoiding the gas chambers and crematoria. Along with his brother, Henry, he survived slave labor con-centration camps, disease, beatings and star-vation, culminating in a death march, until he was liberated by the American forces in the spring of 1945. His body was wracked with ty-phus and tuberculosis and he weighed only 87 pounds. He and his brother were the only sur-vivors of the Holocaust—their entire family had perished. After a few months of recovery in a hospital, Phil was sent to a Displaced Persons camp in Germany where he was elected to the gov-erning council. It was there that he met and married his wife, Ruth Fajerman Markowicz, who was also a Holocaust survivor, and they had a son, Allen Markowicz. The Markowicz marriage and the birth of their son were the first of each in the camp. After waiting for five years, the family was permitted to immigrate to the United States in 1950, and upon arriving in Toledo, Ohio, Phil found employment, sometimes working two or three jobs at a time while studying the newly growing field of television and electronics. In less than 10 years Phil and his wife Ruth es-tablished a successful business, Phil’s TV and Appliance, and added two daughters to their family, Sylvia and Diane. Phil eventually resumed his study of Torah. He wrote a well-received memoir, My Three Lives. A musical oratorio which was inspired by Mr. Markowicz’s life and philosophical writings, Tikvah (Hope), has been performed at the Toledo Museum of Art; in Champaign- Urbana, Illinois; at Bowling Green State Uni-versity; at the Detroit Holocaust Memorial Mu-seum; in North Carolina; at the Jewish Theater of the South in Atlanta; and was part of the Martin Luther King Memorial Week cere-monies in Atlanta in 2006. Phil was a featured interviewee on the award-winning documen-tary Bearing Witness: The Voices of Our Sur-vivors. Phil spoke on the Holocaust and on Torah at various venues, including Universities, sec-ondary schools, religious institutions, seminars and Public Television. He was invited to lead religious services, read from the Torah and its accompanying Haftorah, and present sermons. Phil served as a president of the Tarbuth Soci-ety, one of the Torah study groups in which he participated, and was a member of Congrega-tion B’nai Israel in Sylvania, Ohio and the Aventura Turnberry Jewish Center Synagogue in Aventura, Florida. In addition to his wife, Ruth, he was pre-ceded in death by his daughter, Diane Markowicz; his brother, Henry Markowicz; and the rest of his family in the Holocaust. Phil will ultimately be remembered for his dedication to his family, and we offer his chil-dren, Dr. Allen and Sylvia, his nine grand-children and nine great-grandchildren, and his friends our prayers. May they find comfort in the poignant and profound memories of what Phil endured and survived, and what his life has embodied for generations to come. 
f 
SUPPORTING H.R. 535 AND H.R. 3320 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of two measures, H.R. 535 and H.R. 3320. Both of these measures are aimed at strengthening our bonds with Taiwan, a part-ner in every sense of the word—in trade, in technology, and in culture. Over the last dec-ade, Taiwan has emerged as a vibrant and lib-eral democracy of more than 23 million peo-ple, and remains a key ally in the Asia Pacific region. I support H.R. 535, which would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.009 E10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE25 January 10, 2018 
strengthen U.S.—Taiwan relations by encour-aging travel between the two nations by high- level officials, and H.R. 3320, which directs the Secretary of State to develop a plan to re-gain Taiwan’s observer status in the World Health Organization. Adoption of these bills would underscore the United States’ commitment to our relationship with Taiwan, and I encourage my colleagues to support them as well. 
f 
IN HONOR OF EUGENE AND RUTH ANN YINGER’S 50TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Eugene and Ruth Ann Yinger on their 50th Wedding Anni-versary. This significant benchmark is a symbol of their commitment to each other and to their family. I am happy to join their friends and family in extending my best to them on this special occasion. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Eugene and Ruth Ann on the celebration of their 50th Wedding Anni-versary. I wish them the best today and for many more blessed years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. MARIE COLE-MAN’S CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE U.S. RAIL INDUSTRY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to recognize Ms. Marie Coleman for her many years of service to the U.S. Rail Indus-try. On January 10, 2018, Marie will have dedicated 50 years of service to several prominent American railroads. With decades of success serving the people of Pennsylvania and Americans across the country, I know I will neither be the first, nor the last, to applaud her distinguished professional accomplish-ments. Ms. Coleman began her career in 1968 with the Pennsylvania Railroad. Shortly thereafter, she moved to work for Penn Central, where she remained from the time of its founding until April 1976, when, through an Act of Con-gress, it was included in a merger to form the Consolidated Rail Corporation. There, she served in numerous roles for more than a dec-ade from 1976 to 1998. In the 20 years since, she has served the Norfolk Southern railroad system. A lifelong Pennsylvanian, Ms. Coleman is a proud railroader who has served under 11 dif-ferent CEOs. Her unwavering dedication throughout her career helped bring an industry back from the brink of extinction to become a powerful catalyst for American economic growth. There is no doubt that Ms. Coleman’s service to the U.S. Rail Industry contributed to its success. We can all look to Ms. Marie Coleman as an example of how one person’s professional hard work and dedication can not only be a rewarding journey, but also help shape the fu-ture of one of America’s most important indus-tries. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Ms. Coleman on reaching this incredible milestone in her career and wishing her luck in her continued role at Norfolk Southern. f 
HONORING PATRICK M CMULLEN 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Patrick McMullen for his service to the Committee on Ethics. Since 2011, Pat-rick’s skill as a lawyer and manager has been integral to the Committee’s important work en-forcing the House ethics rules. Patrick served as an Investigative Counsel for the Committee during the 112th and 113th Congresses. In that role he worked tirelessly to provide the Committee Members with fair and creative advice on difficult issues. In the 114th Congress Patrick rose to be-come the Committee’s Director of Investiga-tions. In this role, he has managed a team of nonpartisan attorneys and investigators that successfully handled a busy docket of inves-tigations. Throughout that time, he instilled in his team a dedication to uncovering the truth with care and impartiality. At the House Ethics Committee, we are re-sponsible for protecting the integrity of the House of Representatives. The staff works every day to increase the American people’s confidence in Congress. The work of the Eth-ics Committee is done confidentially so people do not often know everything happening be-hind the scenes by our incredible, non-par-tisan staff. As Patrick prepares to leave the Committee, I appreciate this opportunity to recognize the great work he and his team have done. He truly has been a leader in our office and in increasing confidence in Con-gress. While I am saddened by his departure from the Committee, I wish him well in his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING PATRICK M CMULLEN 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Patrick McMullen for his service to the Com-mittee on Ethics. Patrick has been a dedicated public servant, and has worked hard to ensure that all House Members, officers, and staff meet the highest ethical standards. During his tenure with the Committee’s in-vestigations team, the Committee has con-ducted more than 225 investigations. As Di-rector of Investigations, he has helped the Committee assemble and has overseen a ter-rific team of nonpartisan attorneys and profes-sional staff who make this possible. Patrick’s commitment to conducting fair, thorough, and nonpartisan investigations and leading the investigations team with these principles has been an asset to the Committee and its Members as they carry out the Com-mittee’s important service to the House and the public. On behalf of a grateful Committee, we thank him for his service and wish him all the best in his transition to the next phase of his ca-reer. f 
REPORT TO CONGRESS REGARD-ING THE ARIZONA BALANCED BUDGET AMENDMENT PLANNING CONVENTION 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, it is with great satisfaction and pride that I report the outcome of the first formally authorized national Con-vention of State Legislatures to convene in 156 years. The ‘‘Arizona Balanced Budget Amendment (BBA) Planning Convention’’ was held September 12–15, 2017 in the chamber of the Arizona House of Representatives. The purpose of the convention was to discuss and plan for an eventual Article V—convention of states to propose a federal balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. The convention was formally called by the Arizona legislature’s passage of HCR2022 sponsored by the Arizona Speaker of the House, J.D. Mesnard, on March 16, 2017. Pursuant to that resolution, the purpose of the convention was to create a proposed set of rules for adoption by and to govern a future single subject Article V convention to propose a BBA. Additionally, delegates were instructed to address the logistics involved in preparing for and participating in an upcoming Article V BBA convention. This report is intended to in-form the work of the Arizona BBA Planning Convention and highlight areas of importance. The Arizona BBA Planning Convention has created a roadmap for future conventions to draw upon when they convene, and has pro-vided a sense of security to those who ques-tioned the ability of State delegates to hold a convention that would address solely its single purpose and nothing more. It was an impor-tant endeavor that deserves proper cata-loguing in the appropriate annals to include the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD , the Library of Congress, the National Archives, State Librar-ies, and the participating State Legislatures’ records. I submit this congressional report and ask that you consider the work of the dele-gates as legitimate and pertinent. In keeping with the traditions of past na-tional conventions, the Arizona BBA Planning Convention has encouraged delegations to create a report of the convention to their state. Georgia, Michigan and Minnesota, among oth-ers, are states whose delegates have provided a comprehensive assessment. We encourage them to submit their work to the above ar-chives as well, and hope to preserve this work and encourage more national conventions on a variety of topics in the future. Therefore, I include in the R
ECORD a report to Congress in regard to Arizona balanced budget amendment: 
It is with great confidence that I believe each member of Congress possesses the same depth of gratitude for the work of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.012 E10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE26 January 10, 2018 
Founding Fathers as those of us who at-tended this first fully authorized convention of states since the Civil War. We are all tasked with the grand responsibility to gov-ern the people. In doing so, we reach with one hand into the future to focus on pro-tecting the prosperity of our children’s chil-dren, and with our other hand we reach to the past to learn and explore what happened so that we are better able to protect and pre-serve the vision of those who built this great Republic. One such visionary was Col. George Mason, who insisted that the States should also be able to propose amendments to the Constitu-tion. He imagined that there would come a time when the Legislatures would be called upon to take appropriate action, and that there ought to be a second mechanism to up-date our founding document should the need arise. This method has recently gained inter-est and popularity across the country, and for several years State Legislators have been examining the viability of such an exercise. It can be legitimately argued that the time George Mason envisioned is before us. The momentum is increasing and the reality of an Article V Convention of States is becom-ing ever apparent. Greater Legislators than I were aware of the need to prepare the way in advance, and it has been an honor to join them in that effort. We hope to work to-gether with Congress to restore fiscal ac-countability through the requirement of a balanced budget, and preparing a proposed set of rules for the Balanced Budget Amend-ment Convention is our gift to future dele-gates to make that process easier. We present this report to you in hopes that you will consider the work that has been ac-complished thus far. The Phoenix Cor-respondence Commission was created as an outgrowth of this convention, and as a founding member of that Commission, I look forward to beginning the conversation need-ed to prepare for the much-anticipated Arti-cle V Convention of States. ‘‘We face the most predictable economic crisis in history.’’ That was the conclusion of Erskine Bowles, co-chair of the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Re-form (Simpson-Bowles Commission), to the U.S. Senate Budget Committee on March 8, 2011. At the time of this ominous warning to the nation in 2011, the national debt had just eclipsed $14 trillion. It took 206 years for our nation to amass $1 trillion in debt; it has in-creased by over $6 trillion in the just the last seven years. Had Congress acted on the com-mission’s proposal, it would have reduced the national debt by $4 trillion over a decade and put Social Security solidly on the road to solvency. Congress ignored this unequivocal national wake up call. ‘‘The fiscal path we are on today is simply not sustainable,’’ Bowles said. ‘‘This debt and these deficits that we are incurring on an annual basis are like a cancer and they are going to truly de-stroy this country from within unless we have the common sense to do something about it.’’ States are exercising the common sense to do something about it. Acting under Article V of the U.S. Constitution, 28 of the required 34 States have now called for a con-vention of states to propose a balanced budg-et amendment to the Constitution in order to avert this ‘‘most predictable economic crisis in history.’’ In September of 2016, at the call of the Arizona Legislature, 19 States convened in their official capacity to propose rules for conducting an Article V balanced budget convention of states. We call upon Congress, the States, and peo-ple of good faith everywhere to extend their utmost efforts to support this constitutional remedy for curing the national fiscal ‘‘can-cer’’ before the exponentially increasing na-tional debt ‘‘destroy[s] this nation from within.’’ The Phoenix convention was instructive in preparing for a future Article V BBA conven-tion. We learned much about the process of communicating with the state legislatures and the need to continue to educate them on the logistics of a convention. We were en-couraged from the manner in which the dele-gates conducted themselves that any future convention, like Phoenix, will stick to its task and never ‘‘run away’’ as Article V naysayers assert. The nature of delegate ap-pointment process and the rules, in addition to numerous other safeguards, simply won’t allow for it. As a result of the Arizona convention, in-cluding the establishment of the Phoenix Correspondence Commission, the states as a group are positioned to assist Congress in counting the number of live Article V BBA applications in place, in assisting with iden-tifying a time and location for a future BBA convention to be held, in addressing any legal issues which may arise concerning the calling of such a convention, in preparing language for an appropriate resolution to be passed by Congress fulfilling its mandatory obligation to call the convention when the threshold number of states have applied and to otherwise assist Congress in performing its duties pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution. At present, twenty-eight (28) states have passed (and not rescinded) Article V applica-tions calling for a convention to propose a balanced budget amendment. As we approach the two-thirds threshold triggering the call of a convention, we stand ready to work co-operatively with Congress in moving forward with this historic endeavor. I authored the resolution calling for a Bal-anced Budget Amendment Planning Conven-tion in Phoenix because I love this country. I believe it to be the greatest nation that has ever existed, but I am greatly concerned that our country is not on a sustainable fiscal path. Contrary to what some would like us to believe, the responsibility to get our fiscal house in order does not just rest with Con-gress, nor is Congress the end-all-be-all for governing this country. In fact, a critical responsibility of the states in this great Union is in helping to keep our federal government in check. That value of Federalism was a bedrock principle that our Founding Fathers captured in the design of government put forth in the Con-stitution of the United States, over two cen-turies ago. I believe it is time for the states to start flexing our constitutional muscles, just as our Founding Fathers envisioned. And one vital tool for facilitating that, was instilled by our Founders in Article V of the Constitution. That is, the power of the states to propose amendments, especially as a means of constraining the power of the fed-eral government. In 1798, then Vice President Thomas Jefferson, in correspondence with a state legislator, wrote, ‘‘I wish it were pos-sible to obtain a single amendment to our Constitution. I would be willing to depend on that alone for the reduction of the adminis-tration of our government; I mean an addi-tional article taking from the Federal Gov-ernment the power of borrowing.’’ While it might be more than two centuries late, I hope that soon we will be able to give Presi-dent Jefferson his wish—for our own sake All fifty state legislatures were invited to attend the Arizona BBA Planning Conven-tion. The Arizona planning committee ac-tively sought a delegation from each state and was fully inclusive in their efforts to host a bi-partisan event. HCR2022 specifi-cally required that the delegations be chosen by resolution of the legislature or by formal joint appointment by the leadership in both houses of their respective state legislatures. This was to ensure that the delegation was authorized to speak and vote on behalf of their state Legislature. Delegates who were not listed on their State’s approved delega-tion list were not seated. The meeting con-sisted of officially approved delegates from 19 state legislatures, with delegates from three additional states observing. Commit-tees established to fulfill the requirements of HCR2022 were as follows: The Rules Drafting Committee; The Planning Committee, which was divided into two sub-committees: A Sub-committee on Ethics which was formed to address the impact and management of out-side influence on the convention process and A Subcommittee on Delegates and Cor-respondence to assist in planning for a future BBA convention. A synopsis of the product of the Rules Committee is as follows: Pro-duced a model set of rules for an Article V convention to propose a BBA. Some compo-nents of the set of model rules were as fol-lows: The Article V convention shall be lim-ited in scope to the balanced budget amend-ment. Governing rules provide for appro-priate order and conduct during a BBA Arti-cle V convention which include, but are not limited to, the following: Duties of the offi-cers. A quorum is a majority of the states in attendance. Each state shall be given only one vote, as has been the precedent in all preceding state conventions. Order of busi-ness and names of committees. The cost of the convention to be divided equally among the states in attendance. A synopsis of the Planning Committee is as follows: Recommendations for protecting the integrity of an Article V Convention. Non-delegates should not be permitted on the Chamber Floor, Members’ Lounge, etc., and should only be permitted in public areas. Any interaction of Convention leadership and staff with non-delegate individuals or or-ganizations that pertains to Convention business or process should be strictly prohib-ited, with the exception of the press. Conven-tion communications should only include of-ficial activities. States should consider ex-tending their ethics restrictions (i.e. lob-bying, food, gifts, etc.) to delegates serving within a convention, in addition to any eth-ics standards imposed by Convention rules. Sub-Committee on Delegates and Cor-respondence reported the following: In an-ticipation of the call for a convention for proposing amendments, states are strongly encouraged to enact delegate selection legis-lation at the earliest opportunity. The Phoe-nix Correspondence Commission (PCC) was created. The PCC will consist of commis-sioners appointed by the states to carry out the following functions to organize a conven-tion for proposing amendments: Creating a single point of contact to act as a liaison with Congress. Track all applications for a convention for proposing amendments. Cre-ate a process to suggest to Congress a time and place for a convention for proposing amendments. Provide a process for legal rep-resentation, if necessary. Perform tasks as needed to organize the convention. Each state is strongly encouraged to appoint a commissioner to the PCC to communicate on all matters associated with a convention for proposing amendments with any or all of the following: State Legislators, United States Citizens, Convention Organizers, State Con-gressional Delegations, and Congress. The members of the PCC will be initially com-prised of one member appointed from each delegation present at this Arizona Balanced Budget Amendment Planning Convention, until such time as each commissioner’s state formally appoints a commissioner to the PCC or declines to do the same. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.017 E10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE27 January 10, 2018 
CONGRATULATING BRIGADIER GENERAL CHRISTOPHER FINERTY UPON HIS PROMOTION TO BRIGADIER GENERAL 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Brigadier General Christopher E. Finerty for his outstanding service to our country and congratulate him on his promotion to Brigadier General in the United States Air Force. Gen-eral Finerty has worked closely with me, the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee and across Capitol Hill to inform and advise the Congress so that we may ensure a strong and ready National Guard. He has also helped the Pentagon work more productively with Con-gress, promoting a strong and efficient na-tional defense. General Finerty has done this work self-lessly. He quietly, but tenaciously advocates for the Chief of the National Guard Bureau’s priorities to make the National Guard a ready, capable force for operations m the homeland and overseas. General Finerty’s promotion grows from a career of accomplishments and experience. Prior to becoming the head of the National Guard Bureau’s Office of Legislative Liaison, where he works directly for the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, General Finerty was Vice Commander of the Air National Guard Readiness Center and simultaneously the Commander of the 201st Mission Support Squadron, which together oversee personnel and policy across the country. He has pre-vious tours in the National Guard Bureau’s legislative liaison office, the Air Force congres-sional budget liaison office, and on the Air Na-tional Guard staff. He logged over 3,300 hours piloting HH–60 rescue helicopters and flew 45 combat missions. General Finerty is a 1992 graduate of the United States Air Force Acad-emy. General Finerty dedicates all of his time and energy to his work, with two exceptions—his children, Ryan and Kate. General Finerty’s first priority are his children, and no father could be more devoted. Kate and Ryan inspire and strengthen him Please join me in congratulating General Finerty on his well-earned promotion and in expressing our gratitude for his selfless serv-ice. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to have my votes recorded on the House floor on Tuesday January 9, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted in favor of H.R. 4581, H.R. 4564 and H. Res. 676. MORE MONEY, LESS PROBLEMS HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, yesterday, I was grateful to learn that Tide-water Boats, led by Jimmy Metts, is investing $8.3 million to expand their manufacturing fa-cility in Lexington, South Carolina. This invest-ment will create 100 new jobs. This news is on top of AFLAC announcing that they will be expanding their 700 employ-ees in Columbia, South Carolina, managed by Daniel Lebish, and doubling their employee 401K matching funds. On the same day Republicans passed his-toric tax cuts, AT&T led by Pam Lackey an-nounced they are providing 200,000 employ-ees a $1,000 bonus. Comcast, whose leader in South Carolina is Douglas Guthrie, will be providing $1,000 bonuses to 100,000 employ-ees. BB&T, a valued corporate citizen led by Mike Brennan, will be raising their employee wages to $15 an hour and providing a $1,200 bonus for 27,000 employees. Boeing of Charleston, led by Joan Robin-son-Berry, announced they will be donating $100 million to charity that focuses on edu-cation, local communities, veterans and mili-tary personnel. But the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is not only for businesses. I appreciate that next month, American families will see more of their own money in their paychecks. In conclusion, God Bless our Troops, and we will never forget September 11th in the Global War on Terrorism. Best wishes to Chairman D
ARRELL ISSAand Kathy Issa for their dedicated service as they announce their retirement. We look forward to their continued service for the American peo-ple. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF A SUCCESS-FUL IDAHO CONSERVATION PRO-GRAM 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an important conservation program taking place in central Idaho that was created as part of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness Additions Act. I also want to acknowledge the out-standing cooperation between Idaho conserva-tionists and ranchers that have made this pro-gram a success. The signing of the law in 2015 created three new wilderness areas totaling over 429 square miles. This jewel in the heart of Idaho was protected for future generations to enjoy. It also returned significant amounts of wilder-ness study areas back to multiple use allowing individuals and families to engage in outdoor and recreational activities for years to come. When I began working on the Boulder-White Clouds bill nearly 20 years ago, ranchers on the East Fork of the Salmon River were facing significant headwinds to their traditional way of life. Lawsuits, federal regulations, and other obstacles were making it difficult to graze on their federal allotments. In many instances, their allotted animal unit months (AUMs) had been significantly reduced and in some cases completely eliminated. The trend going for-ward was not positive. It became clear to me that providing oppor-tunities for the ranching families to continue their livelihoods would be critical to a final out-come. A final bill would need to provide area ranchers with options that could help them reset their grazing operations and provide greater certainty for them in the future. To meet this need, we developed a program in which area ranchers could voluntarily retire individual allotments that might not be eco-nomically viable to their ongoing ranching op-erations in exchange for compensation from a private third party. This program specified that agreements were to be voluntary, that ranchers would be paid for all of the AUMs on their allotment and that funding would come from third party pri-vate entities and not the federal government. Mr. Speaker, I’m pleased to say that last month marked the completion of the initial phase of voluntary retirements. In the past year, four families have retired five allotments and received over $1.35 million in private compensation. Some of these allot-ments were proving difficult to use and were marginally viable in their traditional operations. Through our program, the ranchers were paid for every AUM on each allotment. On the conservation side, over 126,000 acres of pristine and ecologically important areas that include winter and summer range for elk and deer, important sage grouse habi-tat, and some of the highest elevation spawn-ing habitat for ocean-going salmon and steelhead found anywhere will no longer be grazed. These were high conflict areas that have experienced past litigation and would probably see future litigation or regulation. I am very pleased to say that the voluntary retirement program has been a success and a win for both the ranchers and for conservation. While the initial third party funding for the vol-untary retirement program has expired, the mechanism still exists for ranchers to retire al-lotments in the future, should they so choose. In doing so, they will be free to enter into new agreements with new terms. These future agreements will be of their own accord be-tween the ranchers and conservation interests. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the following organizations and individuals for their contributions to the voluntary retirement pro-gram. The Idaho Conservation League were the backbone behind the voluntary grazing retire-ment program. The legislation provided the mechanism for the voluntary retirements and they provided the muscle, resources, and ex-pertise to carry out this initial batch of retire-ments. I want to give special thanks to Rick John-son, the Executive Director of the Idaho Con-servation League. Rick worked very closely with my staff and me as we developed the program. He made sure the grant funding was in place prior to passage of the legislation so that promises made to the ranchers would be kept after the bill became law. Rick has been a true friend and partner from start to finish in this process. A very big thanks and well done go to John Robison, Public Lands Director of the Idaho 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.018 E10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE28 January 10, 2018 
Conservation League. John facilitated each re-tirement from start to finish. He worked with multiple people and agencies and exhibited great professional skill and patience in getting each retirement completed. His outstanding work with various parties under short dead-lines was critical to the success of this pro-gram. I also want to thank the ranching families on the East Fork of the Salmon River. They are great people, who with their past generations, have made significant contributions to the re-gion and to our country. When we first met to-gether 17 years ago they told me their con-cerns and we came up with an idea of how we might go forward. They put their trust in me and I believe we came up with a plan to give them an opportunity to help put them in a bet-ter place. It has been a pleasure and honor to work with each family and I can proudly say that I believe the promises we made have been kept. I would also like to recognize the U.S. For-est Service and the Bureau of Land Manage-ment (BLM) for their assistance in processing the retirements. In particular, I want to thank Kit Mullen, Sawtooth National Forest Super-visor; Kirk Flannigan, Sawtooth National Recreation Area Ranger; Andrea Cox, Super-visory Rangeland Management Specialist, Sawtooth National Forest; Ed Cannady, Recreation Manager, Sawtooth National For-est; Chuck Mark, Salmon-Challis National For-est Supervisor; Kurt Pindel, Challis-Yankee Fork District Ranger; Faith Ryan, Range and Weeds Program Lead, Salmon-Challis Na-tional Forest, Tim Murphy, BLM State Director (retired); and Todd Kuck, Field Manager, BLM Challis Field Office. They each did great work and we could not have completed the retire-ments without them. Finally, I would like to note that without this voluntary grazing retirement program, the Boulder-White Clouds and Jerry Peak wilder-ness bills would never have become law. The program was a lynchpin to the compromise that allowed us to protect one of the most pris-tine areas of Idaho. It seems apparent that the cost of the program was small in comparison to the benefits that future generations will re-ceive when they enjoy the remarkable beauty and serenity of the Boulder-White Clouds and Jerry Peak. We all owe a great deal of thanks to those who provided the resources for the program and to the ranchers who put their trust in allowing it to go forward. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF GEORGE DAVID JONES, II 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of George David Jones, II. David was a resident of the First District of Virginia and my hometown, Montross. David was a self-employed farmer who served the community as a member of the Westmoreland County Volunteer Fire Department. Addition-ally, David was a member of the Westmore-land Hunt Club, Virginia Dog Hunting Alliance, Pantico Run Hunt Club, and Eastern Virginia Young Farmers Association. I had the pleasure of knowing David for many years and was a witness to his dedica-tion to his family and community. David is sur-vived by his partner, Alexandra Jones; sons, George David Jones, III and Jeffrey Flynn Jones. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you extend your thoughts and prayers to David’s family and friends as they mourn the loss of their loved one. I pray that God is with David’s fam-ily and friends during this difficult time. f 
SUPPORTING THE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE OF IRAN TO FREE EX-PRESSION 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my continued support for the people of Iran and continued support for free-dom of speech as it is encapsulated in H. Res. 676, a resolution supporting the rights of the people of Iran to free expression and con-demning the Iranian regime for its crackdown on legitimate protests. On Sunday, January 7, 2018, I stood in pro-test with Iranian-Americans on the streets of Houston to take a stand for human rights in Iran. At that event, I stated ‘‘It is time for freedom to take over’’ and I stand by that statement here in Congress and add that separation of church and state is essential for a free and democratic Iran. On December 28, 2017, popular protests against the Iranian regime began in the city of Mashad and rapidly spread throughout the country, in the most significant antigovernment protests in Iran since June 2009. The protesters have expressed numerous economic grievances, including the regime’s widespread corruption and the Revolutionary Guard Corps’ control of the country’s econ-omy. Protesters have decried the regime’s costly, destabilizing activities abroad, including its support for terrorist groups such as Hezbollah and the murderous Assad regime in Syria. Reports indicate that more than 1,000 Ira-nians have been arrested and almost two dozen killed in connection with the protests. The Iranian regime has shut down mobile internet access and has blocked and pres-sured companies to cut off social media appli-cations used by activists to organize and pub-licize the protests. Congress has provided authority to license the provision of communications technology to Iran to improve the ability of the Iranian people to speak freely. I encourage the Administration to expedite the license of communications technology to Iran to improve the ability of the Iranian people to speak freely and I call on companies to re-ject requests by the regime to cut off the Ira-nian people from social media and other com-munications platforms. On January 1, 2018, regime officials threat-ened to crack down, with Brigadier General Esmaeil Kowsari of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps stating, ‘‘If this situation continues, the officials will definitely make some decisions and at that point this business will be fin-ished.’’ Congress has provided authority to des-ignate and sanction elements of the Iranian re-gime involved in significant corruption and se-rious human rights abuses. I urge the Administration to use targeted sanctions and work to convene emergency sessions of the United Nations Security Coun-cil and the United Nations Human Rights Council to condemn the ongoing human rights violations perpetrated by the Iranian regime and establish a mechanism by which the Se-curity Council can monitor such violations. Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps and its Basij militia have been sanctioned by the United States for planning and carrying out se-rious human rights abuses against the Iranian people, including for the cruel and prolonged torture of political dissidents, behavior that is absolutely intolerable. The regime has routinely violated the human rights of Iranian citizens, including on-going, systematic, and serious restrictions of freedom of peaceful assembly and association and freedom of opinion and expression, in-cluding the continuing closures of media out-lets, arrests of journalists, and the censorship of expression in online forums such as blogs and websites. The Department of State’s 2016 Human Rights Report on Iran noted: 
severe restrictions on civil liberties, in-cluding the freedoms of assembly, associa-tion, speech, religion, and press. Other human rights problems included abuse of due process combined with use of capital punishment for crimes that do not meet the requirements of due process, as well as cruel, inhuman, or degrading treat-ment or punishment; and disregard for the physical integrity of persons, whom authori-ties arbitrarily and unlawfully detained, tor-tured, or killed. 
For a country that once enjoyed great pride in its freedom of thought, the information in this Report comes with sadness. On December 29, 2017, the Department of State strongly condemned the arrest of peace-ful protesters and noted that ‘‘Iran’s leaders have turned a wealthy country with a rich his-tory and culture into an economically depleted rogue state whose chief exports are violence, bloodshed, and chaos.’’ On January 1, 2018, the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs of the United Kingdom, Boris Johnson, stated that: 
The UK is watching events in Iran closely. We believe that there should be meaningful debate about the legitimate and important issues the protesters are raising and we look to the Iranian authorities to permit this. 
On January 2, 2018, the French Foreign Ministry stated that: 
French authorities are closely monitoring the situation in Iran. Demonstrating freely is a fundamental right. The same is true for the free movement of information. France expresses its concern over the large number of victims and arrests. 
On January 1, 2018, a spokesman for the Canadian Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that: 
We call on the Iranian authorities to up-hold and respect democratic and human rights and ‘‘We are encouraged by the Ira-nian people who are bravely exercising their basic right to protest peacefully. Canada will continue to support the funda-mental rights of the Iranians, including free-dom of expression. 
As hypocrisy has it, Iran is a member of the United Nations, voted for the Universal Dec-laration of Human Rights, and is a signatory to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.021 E10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE29 January 10, 2018 
the International Covenant on Civil and Polit-ical Rights, among other international human rights treaties. In violation of these and other international obligations, Iranian regime officials continue to violate the fundamental human rights of the Iranian people. Today, I rise with my colleagues in Con-gress to stand with the people of Iran that are engaged in legitimate and peaceful protests against an oppressive, corrupt regime. I rise in support of H. Res. 676 which con-demns the Iranian regime’s serious human rights abuses against the Iranian people, sig-nificant corruption, and destabilizing activities abroad. I call on all democratic governments and in-stitutions to clearly support the Iranian peo-ple’s right to live in a free society. I rise to urge the Iranian regime to abide by its international obligations with respect to human rights and civil liberties, including free-doms of assembly, speech, and press. The Iranian regime must do the right thing and respect the proud history and rich culture of the Iranian nation. The people of Iran want nothing more than to promote the establishment of basic free-doms that build the foundation for the emer-gence of a freely elected, open, and demo-cratic political system. I whole-heartedly support H. Res. 676 and continue fighting for a free Iran. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 2, YEA on Roll Call No. 3, and YEA on Roll Call No. 4. 
f 
TO RECOGNIZE JAMES B. HOWARD ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE KING GEORGE COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. James B. Howard, a citizen of King George County and Virginia’s First Dis-trict, on his retirement from the King George County Board of Supervisors. Mr. Howard served his community well as a member of the Board of Supervisors for the James Monroe District from 1976 to 1978. Additionally, Mr. Brown served as a member of the King George County School Board from 1988 to 1991, and the County Supervisor for the James Monroe District from 2000 to 2009 and 2014 to 2017. During his tenure, Mr. Howard furthered the education of our youth through leading the de-velopment of Sealston Elementary School, construction of the new King George High School, the expansion of the King George Middle School, and renovation of the Potomac Elementary School, in addition to other leader-ship successes. Mr. Howard served as the Chairman of the King George County Board of Supervisors for multiple terms and dedicated 21 years to serving the county in local govern-ment. I would like to thank Mr. Howard for his many contributions throughout his 21-year ca-reer. I wish him and his wife, Sheila, the best of luck in their future endeavors. f 
IN MEMORY OF CLIFF EVERTS 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memorial to a dedicated husband, proud father, pioneer of aviation and entrepre-neurship, and importantly, a great Alaskan. On December 7, 2017, Alaska lost one if its hard-est working and most dedicated fathers, Mr. Cliff Everts. Cliff Everts is a keepsake original forged from rare earth. He matriculated from New York but had the spirit of an Alaskan Wolf, the business acumen of a Rockefeller, and the fortitude of a Sourdough. His smile could light up a room and his sense of humor warmed any room he happened to grace. In thinking of that astounding smile and infectious laugh, I am reminded of one of his famous quotes and something he said the last time I saw him ‘‘Dude, that was sick!’’ It’s how he lived his life. In reflecting upon Cliff’s many accomplish-ments and his life, one could go on for days about all he did. I can speak to his service to his customers and how he always found a way to deliver cargo ranging from reindeer to homebuilding materials (beat that Home Depot), or start a business to sell ice cream to Alaskans! He did so at the best price with the best service to those customers. I can speak to all of his service to the community. How much he cared for Alaskans and loved Alaska. However, what gives me the most pleasure and puts a massive smile on my face, is Cliff’s dedication and his love for his wife and six children. Whenever anyone asked what made Cliff happy or what made Cliff such a success, it was always his family. He always shined when he talked about them and you could see how he would glow whenever he thought about them or saw them in person. You just do not find that in most people but you always knew it with Cliff. Suffice to say that Cliff will live in infamy in our hearts and souls. I hope that Cliff’s family and especially his wife Betty can take comfort in the bond they have with him; always. I hope the precious memories the family has of their precious Cliff will one day bring them comfort, and that they will come to find, in the lovely words of Hugh Orr: ‘‘They are not dead who live in lives they leave behind. In those whom they have blessed, they live a life again, and shall live through the years eternal life, and shall grow each day more beautiful, as time declares their good, forgets the rest, and proves their immortality.’’ Please join me in expressing our heartfelt appreciation for Cliff and our sympathies for his wife, Betty; son, Robert Everts and his wife Paula; his daughters, Melanie Moyer; Debbie Baggen; Karen Wing; Vicki Parrish and her husband Albert; and Susan Hoshaw and her husband Don; 16 grandchildren; 11 great- grandchildren; and so many close, cherished family and friends. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I re-gret that I was unavoidably absent Tuesday afternoon, January 9, on very urgent family medical business. Had I been present for three votes which occurred, I would have voted ‘‘Aye’’ on H. Res. 676, Roll call vote No. 2; I would have voted ‘‘Aye’’ on H.R. 4564, Roll call vote No. 3; and I would have voted ‘‘Aye’’ on H.R. 4581, Roll call vote No. 4. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NORMA AND ROY BULLOCK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Norma and Roy Bullock of Creston, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on November 3, 2017. Norma and Roy’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONNA AND ROGER CANDEE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Donna and Roger Candee of Carlisle, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They celebrated on November 9, 2017. Donna and Roger’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.023 E10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE30 January 10, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE DOWLING CATHOLIC FOOTBALL TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Dowling Catholic High School football team for their fifth straight state title at this year’s 4A Iowa High School Football Championships. Members of the team include: Jayson Mur-ray, Michael Keough, Zach Wafters, Lucas Paskach, Marcus Miller, Connor Jackman, Sam Ingoli, Quentin Wellmaker, Ashton Brown, Jack Keough, Spencer Smith, Zach Prey, Blake Clark, Jonas Thompson, Austin Knoblach, Brandon Waechter, Max Bocken, Owen Shiltz, Matt Moore, John Schmidt, Con-nor Ibach, Drew Peterson, Ryan Adam, Chase Hauschilt, Colton Sanders, Teagan Johnson, Xavier Chiodo, Malik McGregor, Joe Scavo, Josh Paskach, Andrew Feltz, Drake Rupperecht, Grant Jameson, Michael Rodri-guez, Nick Bordenaro, Deng Kodak, Jack Ber-tram, Mitchell Riggs, Drew Snedegar, Max Beh, Daniel Critelli, Levi Hummel, Christian Ousley, Christian Firestine, Adam Topping, Nate Collins, Nolan Sinnott, Nate Rea, Alex Kirton, Anthony Scavo, Mitch Goff, Matt English, Riley Fitzpatrick, Sean Pallardy, Zach Calvert, Ben Means, Greg Hagen, Tom Nolan, Michael Ortega, Tom Derry, Adam Kroll, Wyatt Grubb, Sean Pattschull, Zach Ross, Tyler Holmes, Charlie Nank, Nick Leon, Jesse Alger, Charlie Johnson, Jack Lyman, Anthony Coppola, Matt Stillwell, Zach Roering, Collin Cook, Mason Heckman, Jack Rude, Connor Kriegshauser, Rex Kromkowski, Zach Stacy, John Waggoner, Jake Calvert, Jack Scholz, Reilly Smidt. Coaches: Tom Wilson, Jim Williams, Grant Bousum, Jay Campbell, Craig McClain, Adam Jack, Andy Pollock, Jeff Motz, Fred Tiernan, Ryan Van Veen, Aundra Meeks. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent these remarkable players, coaches and school in the United States House of Representatives. Their months of hard work culminated in this re-markable achievement. I ask that my col-leagues join me in congratulating them for winning this year’s 4A Iowa High School Foot-ball Championship and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATE CUTLER AND BOYD LITTRELL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kate Cut-ler and Boyd Littrell of Council Bluffs, Iowa for receiving the Jason Award, given by Chil-dren’s Square U.S.A. The award is presented to individuals, couples, organizations, and businesses that exemplify and demonstrate an extraordinary degree of caring, contribution, and commitment to children, families, and their communities. Kate and Boyd have been committed to strengthening families and their community through their personal activities. Kate’s willing-ness to give her time and talents to a variety of organizations has been of great benefit to the Council Bluffs community, and Boyd’s commitment to helping those that cannot help themselves has not gone unnoticed. These two Iowans are excellent examples as to what makes our great state such an extraordinary place to live. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Kate and Boyd for receiving the Jason Award for their contributions and commitment to the Council Bluffs community. I am proud to rep-resent them in the United States Congress and I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Kate and Boyd and in wishing them nothing but continued success. f 
TRIBUTE TO SHERYL AND LEROY LESTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sheryl and LeRoy Lester of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wed-ding anniversary. They married on November 8, 1957 at United Methodist Church in Council Bluffs. Sheryl and LeRoy’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them nothing but the best. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHRIS HOCHSTETLER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Chris Hochstetler of Council Bluffs, Iowa for receiv-ing the Jason Award, given by Children’s Square U.S.A. The award is presented to indi-viduals, couples, organizations and busi-nesses that exemplify and demonstrate an ex-traordinary degree of caring, contribution, and commitment to children, families, and their communities. Chris received this honor for his vision, courage, and will in his personal and profes-sional life. Chris grew up in Nebraska and graduated from Grand Island High School. He holds a Bachelor’s of Science degree from the University of Maryland and a Master’s degree from Walden University. After high school Chris joined the U.S. Army and had a distin-guished military career, receiving the Legion of Merit, our nation’s sixth highest military honor. Chris is also active in several community and nonprofit organizations including serving as the Executive Director of KANEKO, an arts and culture nonprofit that provides world class exhibitions, programs, and workshops. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Chris for receiving this outstanding award and I am proud to recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him and in wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess. f 
TRIBUTE TO DONNA AND RON MARTIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Donna and Ron Martin of Greenfield, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on October 28, 2017. Donna and Ron’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONNABELLE AND MARVIN REYNOLDS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Donnabelle and Marvin Reynolds of Redfield, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on November 10, 2017. Donnabelle and Marvin’s lifelong commit-ment to each other and their family truly em-bodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.029 E10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE31 January 10, 2018 
occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARB AND LARRY WYNN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Barb and Larry Wynn of Creston, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of their 50th wedding anniver-sary. Barb and Larry’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO AMY HOFFMANN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 10, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Amy Hoff-mann of Avoca, Iowa for her selection as the 2017 Parent Educator of the Year by the Par-ents as Teachers National Center. The award was presented at the Teachers International Conference in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Amy is a Parent Educator for FAMILY, Inc. The Parent Educator of the Year award is given to those who exemplify the practices and mission of Parents as Teachers. FAMILY, Inc., and Parents as Teachers work together to provide public health and family support services for women, children, and families in Pottawattamie and Mills County. Amy has been involved with this program for 18 years and through her service she has provided 4,586 family visits, assisted 165 families and touched the lives of 298 children. Amy said she finds ways to get families involved in the community by offering social and group con-nections, which help build relationships. ‘‘This award is an honor to our community and no one is more deserving of this award than Amy’’ stated Jean Bohnker, Director of Early Childhood and Family Support Services at FAMILY, Inc. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Amy for receiving this outstanding award. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Amy for receiving this award and in wishing her nothing but continued success in all her future endeavors. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, January 11, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JANUARY 16 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine the domestic and global energy outlook from the perspective of the Inter-national Energy Agency. SD–366 Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Homeland Security. SH–216 JANUARY 17 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Jerome H. Powell, of Mary-land, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem, and Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System; to be immediately followed by a hear-ing to examine combating money laun-dering and other forms of illicit fi-nance, focusing on Administration per-spectives on reforming and strength-ening Bank Secrecy Act enforcement. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine terrorism and social media. SR–253 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Water and Power To hold hearings to examine the Bureau of Reclamation’s title transfer process and potential benefits to Federal and non-Federal stakeholders. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine America’s water infrastructure needs and chal-lenges, focusing on Federal panel per-spectives. SD–406 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Dennis Shea, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United States Trade Rep-resentative (Geneva Office), with the rank of Ambassador, and C. J. Mahoney, of Kansas, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Investment, Services, Labor, Environ-ment, Africa, China, and the Western Hemisphere), with the rank of Ambas-sador. SD–215 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine facing 21st century public health threats, focusing on our nation’s preparedness and re-sponse capabilities. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine Medicaid and the opioid epidemic, focusing on unintended consequences. SD–342 2 p.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the state of the Department of Veterans Affairs, fo-cusing on a progress report on imple-menting 2017 Department of Veterans Affairs reform legislation. SR–418 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine breaking new ground in agribusiness opportunities in Indian Country. SD–628 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine the long- term care needs of first responders in-jured in the line of duty. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.035 E10JAPT1
D25 Wednesday, January 10, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S113–S142 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2285–2292, and S. Res. 371.
                                                                    Page S138 
Measures Reported: S. 1693, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–199)
                                                  Page S138 
Measures Passed: Universal Service Fund Filing Requirements: Senate passed S. 875, to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study and submit a report on filing requirements under the Universal Service Fund programs, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                                       Pages S141–42 
Brown Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Michael Lawrence Brown, of Georgia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia. 
                                                                                      Pages S124–42 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 97 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. 6), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomina-tion.
                                                                                    Page S124 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at 12 noon, on Thursday, January 11, 2018, all post-cloture time on the nomination be considered expired, and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination of Michael Lawrence Brown, with no intervening action or debate; and that if cloture is invoked on the nomination of Walter David Counts III, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, all post-clo-ture time be considered expired at 1:45 p.m., and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination of Walter David Counts III, with no intervening action or debate.                                                                         Page S127 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, January 11, 2018.
                                                       Page S142 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By a unanimous vote of 98 yeas (Vote No. EX. 5), Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Tennessee.
                                          Pages S124, S142 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Defense. Holly W. Greaves, of the District of Columbia, to be Chief Financial Officer, Environmental Protection Agency.
                                                                             Page S142 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S138 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S138 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S138–39 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S139–41 
Additional Statements:                                           Page S137 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S141 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S141 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—6)
                                                                        Page S124 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:42 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, January 11, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S142.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JA8.REC D10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD26 January 10, 2018 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee announced the following subcommittee assignments: Subcommittee on Airland: Senators Cotton (Chair), Inhofe, Wicker, Tillis, Sullivan, Cruz, Sasse, King, McCaskill, Blumenthal, Donnelly, Warren, and Peters. Subcommittee on Cybersecurity: Senators Rounds (Chair), Fischer, Perdue, Graham, Sasse, Nelson, McCaskill, Gillibrand, and Blumenthal. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities: Sen-ators Ernst (Chair), Wicker, Fischer, Perdue, Cruz, Heinrich, Nelson, Shaheen, and Peters. Subcommittee on Personnel: Senators Tillis (Chair), Ernst, Graham, Sasse, Gillibrand, McCaskill, and Warren. Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support: Sen-ators Inhofe (Chair), Rounds, Ernst, Perdue, Scott, Kaine, Shaheen, and Hirono. Subcommittee on SeaPower: Senators Wicker (Chair), Cotton, Rounds, Tillis, Sullivan, Scott, Hirono, Sha-heen, Blumenthal, Kaine, and King. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces: Senators Fischer (Chair), Inhofe, Cotton, Sullivan, Cruz, Graham, Donnelly, Heinrich, Warren, and Peters. Senators McCain and Reed are ex-officio members of each subcommittee. AMERICA’S WATER INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine America’s water infrastructure needs and challenges, after re-ceiving testimony from Senator Cassidy; Nicole T. Carter, Specialist in Natural Resources Policy, Con-gressional Research Service, Library of Congress; Scott Robinson, Port of Muskogee, Fort Gibson, Oklahoma; Julie A. Ufner, National Association of Counties, and Steve Cochran, Restore the Mississippi River Delta, both of Washington, D.C.; and Wil-liam D. Friedman, Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority, Alexandria, Virginia, on behalf of the American Association of Port Authorities. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, and Barry W. Ashe, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of Louisiana, who were introduced by Senator Cassidy, Howard C. Nielson, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, and James R. Sweeney II, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, who was introduced by Senators Donnelly and Young, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4750–4765; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 683 were introduced.
                                         Pages H131–32 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H132–33 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3548, to make certain improvements to the security of the international borders of the United States, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–505, Part 1); H.R. 2504, to ensure fair treatment in licensing requirements for the export of certain echinoderms (H. Rept. 115–506, Part 1); S. 1285, to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confed-erated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, and the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indi-ans to lease or transfer certain lands (H. Rept. 115–507); H.R. 453, to deem the Step 2 compliance date for standards of performance for new residential wood heaters, new residential hydronic heaters, and forced- air furnaces to be May 15, 2023 (H. Rept. 115–508); and H.R. 1917, to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with such rule (H. Rept. 115–509).
                                                                        Page H131 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JA8.REC D10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D27 January 10, 2018 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Smith (NE) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                              Page H85 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:51 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                  Page H90 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 231 yeas to 178 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 13.
                                                                     Pages H91, H125–26 
Motion to Adjourn: Rejected the Espaillat motion to adjourn by a yea-and-nay vote of 51 yeas to 331 nays, Roll No. 5.
                                                           Page H92 
Motion to Adjourn: Rejected the Gutie´rrez motion to adjourn by a yea-and-nay vote of 54 yeas to 311 nays, Roll No. 6.
                                                           Page H94 
Motion to Adjourn: Rejected the Grijalva motion to adjourn by a yea-and-nay vote of 62 yeas to 324 nays, Roll No. 7.
                                                           Page H95 
Rapid DNA Act—Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 682, providing for consid-eration of the bill (S. 139) to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, and to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 8, after the previous question was or-dered without objection.
                                          Page H111 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, January 11th.
                    Page H114 
Amending the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clar-ify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund: The House passed S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, by a recorded vote of 239 ayes to 173 noes, Roll No. 11.
     Pages H124–25 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–54 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                            Page H114 
H. Res. 681, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (S. 140) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 227 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 10, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 9.
             Pages H113–14 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, January 9th. Department of Homeland Security Overseas Per-sonnel Enhancement Act: H.R. 4567, amended, to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas personnel enhancement plan, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 12.
                                                                                       Page H125 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Seven yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H92, H94, H95, H111, H113, H113–14, H124–25, H125, and H125–26. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:55 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE UPDATE ON THE FINANCIAL IMPROVEMENT AND AUDIT REMEDIATION (FIAR) PLAN Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Update on the Financial Improvement and Audit Remediation (FIAR) Plan’’. Testimony was heard from David Norquist, Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) and Chief Financial Officer, Department of Defense. A FURTHER EXAMINATION OF FEDERAL RESERVE REFORM PROPOSALS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Further Examination of Federal Reserve Reform Proposals’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. SANCTIONS AND FINANCIAL PRESSURE: MAJOR NATIONAL SECURITY TOOLS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Sanctions and Financial Pressure: Major National Security Tools’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. UPCOMING ELECTIONS IN THE WESTERN HEMISPHERE: IMPLICATIONS FOR U.S. POLICY Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘Up-coming Elections in the Western Hemisphere: Im-plications for U.S. Policy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 506, the ‘‘Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2017’’; and ratification of subcommittee assignments. Subcommittee assign-ments were ratified. H.R. 506 was ordered reported, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JA8.REC D10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD28 January 10, 2018 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 219, the ‘‘Swan Lake Hydro-electric Project Boundary Correction Act’’; H.R. 801, the ‘‘Route 66 National Historic Trail Designa-tion Act’’; H.R. 1220, to establish the Adams Me-morial Commission to carry out the provisions of Public Law 107–62, and for other purposes; H.R. 2711, the ‘‘National Memorial to Fallen Educators Act’’; H.R. 3133, the ‘‘Streamlining Environmental Approvals Act of 2017’’; and S. 117, the ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act of 2017’’. H.R. 219, H.R. 3133, and S. 117 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 801, H.R. 1220, and H.R. 2711 were ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 4675, the ‘‘Low Dose Radiation Research Act of 2017’’. H.R. 4675 was ordered reported, as amended. HOME LOAN CHURNING PRACTICES AND HOW VETERAN HOMEBUYERS ARE BEING AFFECTED Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity held a hearing entitled ‘‘Home Loan Churning Practices and How Veteran Home-buyers are Being Affected’’. Testimony was heard from Jeffrey London, Director, Loan Guaranty Serv-ice, Veterans Benefits Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D15) 
H.R. 560, to amend the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of munici-palities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area. Signed on January 8, 2018. (Public Law 115–101) H.R. 1242, to establish the 400 Years of African- American History Commission. Signed on January 8, 2018. (Public Law 115–102) H.R. 1306, to provide for the conveyance of cer-tain Federal land in the State of Oregon. Signed on January 8, 2018. (Public Law 115–103) H.R. 1927, to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish within the National Park Service the African American Civil Rights Network. Signed on January 8, 2018. (Public Law 115–104) S. 1393, to streamline the process by which active duty military, reservists, and veterans receive com-mercial driver’s licenses. Signed on January 8, 2018. (Public Law 115–105) S. 1532, to disqualify from operating a commer-cial motor vehicle for life an individual who uses a commercial motor vehicle in committing a felony in-volving human trafficking. Signed on January 8, 2018. (Public Law 115–106) S. 1766, to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013. Signed on January 8, 2018. (Public Law 115–107) H.R. 267, to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Geor-gia. Signed on January 8, 2018. (Public Law 115–108) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine United States policy in Syria post-ISIS, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2152, to amend title 18, United States Code, to pro-vide for assistance for victims of child pornography, and the nominations of Stuart Kyle Duncan, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, R. Stan Baker, to be United States District Judge for the South-ern District of Georgia, Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, Charles Barnes Good-win, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Michael Joseph Juneau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Matthew J. Kacsmaryk, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Emily Coody Marks, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Ten-nessee, William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Eli Jeremy Richardson, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, Holly Lou Teeter, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JA8.REC D10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D29 January 10, 2018 and Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, and Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, each to be an Assistant Attorney General, Joseph D. Brown, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern Dis-trict of Texas, Matthew D. Krueger, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Wisconsin, Norman Euell Arflack, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Kentucky, and Ted G. Kamatchus, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Iowa, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JA8.REC D10JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD30 January 10, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, January 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Michael Lawrence Brown, of Georgia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12 noon. Following disposition of the nomination of Michael Lawrence Brown, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of Walter David Counts III, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas. If cloture is invoked on the nomination, Senate will vote on confirmation of the nom-ination at 1:45 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, January 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of S. 139—FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E25 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E29 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E22 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E24 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E25 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E23, E25 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E21 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E25 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E23 Foster, Bill, Ill., E22 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E24 Gosar, Paul, Ariz., E25 Gowdy, Trey, S.C., E21 Granger, Kay, Tex., E27 Green, Gene, Tex., E23 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E28 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E24 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E27 Perry, Scott, Pa., E24 Raskin, Jamie, Md., E21 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E29 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E22 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E27 Smith, Adam, Wash., E23 Valadao, David G., Calif., E21 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E27 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E28, E29 Young, David, Iowa, E29, E29, E30, E30, E30, E30, E30, E30, E31, E31 Young, Don, Alaska, E29 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jan 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10JA8.REC D10JAPT1