Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2633 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 14, 2018 No. 78 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , MAY14, 2018 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our Father, enable us to fill swift hours with mighty deeds, bearing the fret of care, the sting of criticism, and the challenge of unapplauded toil. Lord, empower our lawmakers to think clearly, act kindly, and labor to preserve the freedoms we enjoy. Thank You for crowning us with glory and honor because we belong to You and trust in Your steadfast love. Lord, teach us to walk blamelessly, speaking the truth from our hearts and living with integrity. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Michael Y. Scudder, of Illi-nois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ESTABLISHMENT OF  
THE STATE OF ISRAEL  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, as Presi-dent pro tempore of the U.S. Senate, I ask my colleagues to join me in mark-ing a special day. Exactly 70 years ago today, the State of Israel was estab-lished. On the same day, the United States was the first country to recog-nize Israel’s statehood. I applaud Presi-dent Trump’s decision to commemo-rate this historic anniversary with the opening of the U.S. Embassy in Jeru-salem. In the 70 years since its founding, Israel has shared an unbreakable bond with the United States. I am pleased to be a friend of Israel’s and to have played an integral role in strength-ening relations between our two coun-tries. It is difficult for me to express the profound reverence I have for the Jew-ish people. As a symbol of my respect, I wear a mezuzah around my neck and have done so every day for almost four decades—I think, actually, for more than four decades. The mezuzah re-minds me of the affinity I, as a member of the Mormon faith, hold for the Jew-ish people and their history. Both Israel and Utah were settled by reli-gious minorities who sought refuge from persecution—a shared history that deepens our devotion to democ-racy and our love of freedom. Although my schedule does not allow me to be in Israel today, perhaps it is even more appropriate that I make these remarks here rather than in Je-rusalem, where I would like to be. After all, today should be seen as an American holiday just as it is an Israeli one. America’s interests, pros-perity, and security have benefited im-measurably from our deep friendship with the State of Israel. Indeed, the world is a much better place because of Israel, and it is high time the country received its fair treatment on the world stage. That is why, last week, I joined Senator B
OOKER in introducing legislation that calls for the fair treat-ment of Israel and urges other nations to foster diplomatic ties with the coun-try and recognize its sovereignty. Israel desperately needs allies. In-deed, the events of last week are a stark reminder that Israel has many enemies that seek its destruction. The Iranian Government directed missile strikes into the Golan Heights in the early hours of the morning last Thurs-day. Just hours before, the Iranian Government announced it may explore enriching uranium toward acquiring nuclear weapons. I know the Golan Heights. I have been there. I have looked over the Golan Heights. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.000 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2634 May 14, 2018 
We stand at a historic crossroads. Whatever your ideas about the Iran deal, whether you were for it or against it, we should remember the goals and ideas of the Iranian Government have not changed. They are, as they have been for the last several decades, aimed at the destruction of Israel. Our Israeli friends need our help. So my message today is to the American people, to their Representatives in both Chambers of Congress, and to all the nations of the world. Now is not the time for partisanship or political games. Now is the time for meaningful and unified action in defense of the Jewish people and the State of Israel. That means a number of things. It starts with all of our getting behind this President and his new approach to Iran. We can have our disagreements on his policies in other areas, but tak-ing an aggressive, holistic posture on Iran should be a bipartisan issue. We must be willing to confront Iran on its nuclear program as well as on its bases in Syria, its support for terrorism, and its numerous violations of human rights and religious freedom. Here in Congress, we should support the admin-istration’s position through legisla-tion. To that end, I invite my colleagues to join me on a number of initiatives I have championed this Congress, includ-ing the Continued Support for the Ira-nian People Act, which holds the Ira-nian regime responsible for its human rights abuses. I also call on my friends to join me in supporting the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act, which exposes the hypocrisy of the Ira-nian Government in its funding of vio-lent causes rather than in its providing for the welfare of its people. These actions are just the beginning. We now have an opportunity to hold the Iranian Government accountable. We should start with curbing Iran’s nu-clear ambitions. We would do well to remember that Iran’s nuclear program is not an end in itself but just one of many tools the government has at its disposal for causing great harm. In that light, we need to appeal to our partners in Europe and in the Mid-dle East to not only settle on talking points but on plans of action. If, in-deed, we share the priority of pro-tecting democratic values and institu-tions, we must do so by protecting Israel—a beacon of democracy in the Middle East. We need to both talk the talk and walk the walk. The world is a different place from what it was in 1948, and so is Israel. Today, Israel is on the cutting edge of every innovation that helps the human condition—from medicine to tech-nology, to irrigation. As a testament to Israel’s strength, it has nurtured partnerships across the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. The United States must continue doing its part to foster these partner-ships. Just as important, we must con-tinue leading the charge in ideas and actions that can help bring about a se-cure Israel. The task has never been more urgent. I call on my colleagues in the Senate to come together on this— to build a future of peace and pros-perity for Israel and its neighbors. Let Israel’s founding be a holiday for us and, indeed, for all nations of the world, and let us pray that we can soon celebrate this anniversary in more peaceful times. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, this is National Police Week, a time for recog-nizing the men and women in law en-forcement who serve and protect our Nation. National Police Week is a sol-emn occasion to honor those who trag-ically lost their lives while serving in the line of duty. The names of those men and women are carved on the walls of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. Each year during this week, families and colleagues of the fallen travel to our Nation’s Capital for this special commemoration. This year, 360 names will be added, including four officers who served the citizens of Arkansas. We remember Arkansans whose names are newly etched onto the walls of this treasured memorial. I would like to recognize these heroes. Drew County Sheriff’s Deputy Tim-othy Braden gave his life while serving and protecting the citizens of Arkan-sas. Deputy Braden, unfortunately, passed away in a car crash after at-tempting to stop a vehicle whose driver had refused to stop, leading him on a high-speed chase. Deputy Braden had recently joined the Drew County Sheriff’s Office after serving 3 years at the McGehee Police Department. His commitment to en-forcing the law, helping those in need, and protecting the community touched the lives of those with whom he served. They will remember him as a kind and hard-working officer who performed his job with a positive attitude. Lieutenant Patrick Weatherford of the Newport Police Department had re-sponded to a call of a vehicle break-in when he was fatally shot. He had proudly served in law enforcement for 15 years. Throughout his time in uni-form, he continued to pursue opportu-nities to better serve the community. He was a 2016 graduate of the FBI Na-tional Academy and was working to-ward a master’s degree in criminal jus-tice. I would also like to honor the dedica-tion and service of Kevin Mainhart, a Yell County Sheriff’s deputy. He was responding to a domestic disturbance call and initiated a traffic stop of a ve-hicle connected to the situation when he was fatally shot. Deputy Mainhart had spent more than 20 years serving and protecting Arkansas communities in law enforcement and was a veteran of the Air Force. The selfless service of Keith Brad-ford, Sr., Turrell police chief, is also worthy of recognition. The chief is one of 231 members of the law enforcement community who died in a previous year, but his sacrifice will be docu-mented on the memorial this year. Chief Bradford helped launch the law enforcement agency in 2012. In 2014, he responded to a call to assist officers from another local jurisdiction with a high-speed chase. He checked the safe-ty of the officers, but according to a police report, Chief Bradford was left shaken. Hours later, he suffered a fatal heart attack. Chief Bradford had dedi-cated more than 20 years of his life to law enforcement. Each of these officers demonstrated courage and determination in the face of danger. These heroes, like all mem-bers of the law enforcement commu-nity, commit their lives to protecting the public. In their profession, there is no such thing as an off-duty officer. Answering a call for help is ingrained in who they are. As a member of the Senate Law En-forcement Caucus, I am committed to providing our first responders with tools, resources, and training to help them prepare for unpredictable cir-cumstances. These men and women are brave and selfless heroes who risk their lives every day to keep our commu-nities safe. This Congress, I was proud to cospon-sor the Honoring Hometown Heroes Act to give their home States the op-portunity to provide a fitting tribute for their service, should they make the ultimate sacrifice. This bill would allow Governors to order the American flag to fly at halfstaff in recognition of first responders who are killed in the line of duty. Those who are called to serve and protect have earned this honor. I am pleased that it was included as a provision in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 that was signed into law earlier this year. We can all agree that these courageous first responders de-serve this powerful acknowledgement in recognition of their sacrifice. On behalf of all Arkansans, I thank law enforcement officers at the local, State, and Federal levels for all they do to keep us safe. We appreciate your dedication and the heroism you display each and every day. Thank you for doing whatever it takes to protect and serve your families, neighbors, and fel-low citizens. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.001 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2635 May 14, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, a lit-tle later this afternoon, we are going to have votes on the confirmation of two judges to serve on the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals. The vote will be on the confirmation of Amy St. Eve and Michael Scudder to fill these Illinois seats. They are two outstanding nomi-nees, and I am proud to support both of them. 
NOMINATION OF AMY ST . EVE 
Amy St. Eve is a native of Belleville, IL. She was valedictorian of her class at Belleville West High School. She re-ceived degrees from Cornell University and Cornell Law School, where she served on the Law Review. After law school, she worked for stints in private practice, as an in- house counsel, at the Office of Inde-pendent Counsel, and as an assistant U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Illinois. In 2002, she was nominated for the Federal district court in Chicago with my support and the support of Repub-lican Illinois Senator Peter Fitzgerald. She was confirmed by a voice vote. During her 16 years on the Federal bench, Amy St. Eve has handled thou-sands of cases and has personally pre-sided over 120 trials. Judge St. Eve has an outstanding reputation as a judge. She shows up early. She works hard. She knows the law. She runs her court-room efficiently. She is respected by the litigants and her fellow judges as one of the best trial judges in Illinois, if not in the Nation. For years, I have heard praise for her from across the po-litical spectrum. Whenever someone comes before me who has practiced in the Federal courts of Chicago, I make it a practice to ask them: Who do you think are the best judges on the Federal bench? Without exception, I can tell you that Amy St. Eve’s name is always mentioned—al-ways. That is no exaggeration. It is a little bittersweet to see her leave the district court bench, but she has the qualifications and judgment to step up and be an outstanding member of the Seventh Circuit. I am honored to support her nomination. I congratulate her and her family— her husband, Howard, and her children, Lauren, Emily, and Brett—on this im-portant day in the Senate. Michael Scudder was born next door to Illinois, in Indiana. He received his undergraduate degree from St. Joseph’s College. After working for several years as an accountant, he attended Northwestern Law School, where he earned his J.D. After law school, he clerked for Judge Paul Niemeyer of the Fourth Circuit and then for Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy. Mr. Scudder then worked for several years in private practice and as an assistant U.S. attorney in the Southern District of New York. In 2006, he began working as a counselor in the Office of the Dep-uty Attorney General, and in 2007, he moved to the White House, where he became general counsel of the National Security Council. In 2009, he returned to private practice at the law firm Skadden, Arps, where he has worked until this day. Mr. Scudder has made a name for himself in the Chicago legal commu-nity for his commitment to pro bono work and for his efforts to encourage other lawyers to make public service and pro bono a significant part of their legal career. He has won several awards for his pro bono efforts, including from Northwestern Law School and from the District Court for the Northern Dis-trict of Illinois. Mr. Scudder is well respected across the political spectrum, and he has the experience, the integrity, and the judg-ment to be an outstanding Federal judge. I congratulate him, his wife, Sarah, and their children, Erin, Mi-chael, Margaret, and Nicholas, on this occasion. It is an honor to speak on behalf of these two Illinois nominees who have been rated unanimously well qualified by the American Bar Association. Let me comment for a moment on the process that led us to this moment. If anyone follows the judicial nomina-tions before the Senate, they may find it unusual that Democratic Senators like myself and, I might add, Senator D
UCKWORTH , who joins me in praising these two nominees, are standing here before the Senate, before a vote, and saying that we worked with the Trump White House and the blue-slip process— and did it successfully—to come up with two outstanding nominees. I want to comment briefly on how we did it. Both nominees received blue slips— approval slips—from the individual Senators in their State, from both Sen-ator D
UCKWORTH and me. The White House engaged in good-faith negotia-tions over these vacancies. They re-spected the tradition that we had es-tablished in Illinois of having an expert screening committee review all can-didates. The process resulted in the se-lection of these two excellent nomi-nees, whom all sides agreed upon. We made it clear to the White House—both Senator D
UCKWORTH and I—that we were not going to drag out this process; we would have a timely review of each nominee, our committee would give its recommendation, and we would be back in touch with the White House in a timely fashion. That is how the process has worked in the past, and that is how it should work with this President when it comes to these two circuit court nominees. When blue slips and home-State judi-cial screening commissions are re-spected, we end up with consensus, highly qualified nominees. Yet there are many in Republican circles here in Washington who have decided that they want to jettison blue slips, ignore that tradition, and basically ignore home-State screening commissions. That is the wrong step as far as Sen-ator D
UCKWORTH and I are concerned. We showed good faith—and so did the White House—in coming up with these two fine nominees. Recently, Senator BALDWIN of Wis-consin and her bipartisan screening commission were dealt out of the proc-ess that led to the confirmation vote last week of Seventh Circuit Wisconsin nominee Michael Brennan. And now Republicans are pushing forward with an Oregon Ninth Circuit nominee, Ryan Bounds, over the objections of both Oregon Senators after Mr. Bounds failed to disclose controversial writings to the screening committee in Oregon. I hope my Republican colleagues in the Senate—who are now in the major-ity, with a President of their own party, and are now feeling their oats and deciding they want to push aside the traditions of the Senate—will stop and reflect for a moment. Isn’t it bet-ter that we show mutual respect for one another when it comes to the blue- slip process? There have been times in the past when Senators from various States did not give approval for nominees, and sometimes those vacancies went on for years. Nevertheless, Democrats in the same position respected the blue-slip process. I think the Republicans should do the same. As Senators, we have a fundamental responsibility to the people we rep-resent when it comes to the selection of Federal judges. Long after many of us are gone, these judges will still be serving in the Federal judiciary. We must exercise a vigorous advice-and- consent role for these members of the Federal judiciary who will sit in court-houses in our states. It should concern all of us if any Sen-ator is dealt out of the judicial selec-tion process in their State. None of us want that to happen to us as individ-uals or to the constituents we rep-resent. By confirming Michael Brennan and pushing the nomination of Ryan Bounds, some in this Chamber are sending a clear signal that home-State Senators and, more importantly, the people they represent aren’t going to matter anymore in the judicial selec-tion process. That is a terrible path for the Senate to pursue. We are at a critical moment in the Senate history when it comes to judi-cial nominations. Senate traditions like blue slips and home-State screen-ing commissions have worked well for decades to build consensus and produce high-quality nominees, no matter which party is in power. Abandoning these traditions for the heady moment we might have politically will diminish the advice-and-consent role of the Sen-ate and provide more power to the ex-ecutive branch over our own U.S. Sen-ate. I hope there are at least a few Repub-licans on the Senate side who will stop their party from going down this road of abandoning blue slips and home- State screening commissions. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.003 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2636 May 14, 2018 
should have mutual respect for one an-other professionally, even when we dis-agree politically. All it would take is for a handful of Republican Senators to stand up and say: We are going to de-fend these traditions. We believe the traditions are worth defending. In closing, I will say that Amy St. Eve and Michael Scudder are out-standing nominees who were selected through a process of good-faith nego-tiations and timely decisions, and one that respected the Senate’s traditions and home-State interests. If that proc-ess becomes an exception rather than the norm, all of our home States, the quality of our Federal judiciary, and the institution of the U.S. Senate will suffer. Let me close by saying that these two nominees are two of the best. I knew one of them from her 16 years of service on the bench and the other from recommendations given to us by many who practiced with him over the years. I have confidence that they will do a fine job on this circuit court bench. I may not agree with all their decisions, but I will respect them as a man and a woman who have come to this professional responsibility with an understanding of their constitutional responsibilities to the United States, to the State of Illinois, and to this cir-cuit. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, this afternoon, I wish to talk about the brave men and women in law enforce-ment who are protecting us every sin-gle day. I am from Ohio. We are proud of our Ohio law enforcement. We are proud of the leadership that many Ohio law enforcement have had at a national level over the years. In fact, right now, the vice president of the Fraternal Order of Police is an officer from Mar-ion, OH. Unfortunately, in Ohio we have had some tragic incidences over the past several years of law enforcement offi-cials doing their job and coming into a dangerous situation—injuries, shoot-ings, and even the loss of the lives of several officers earlier this year. This week is called Police Week. It is the week in which we take a moment to stop and remember those officers and talk about them. Today, I join my colleagues here in the Senate in cosponsoring legislation that is a resolution that commemo-rates this week as Police Week. Al-though every single day we should be grateful to those police officers who are out there in the Buckeye State— my home State—and others, this week is the time to really focus on them, to focus on the sacrifices and reflect on their bravery, what they do every day in committing themselves to pro-tecting our communities, often risking their own safety to protect others. Sometimes we talk about this as the thin blue line, which is that thin blue line between chaos and order. They are those police officers on that thin blue line—the men and women in blue—who are out there, protecting us from that chaos. Police officers are driven by a dedica-tion to justice and a sense of duty to protect those in need. The police offi-cers whom I know have big hearts. They are compassionate. I sometimes tell them they are as much social workers as police officers because of the work they do. This is particularly true with the opioid crisis and the number of police officers who are en-gaged in that issue—in trying to get people into treatment, in trying to deal with the problem that, in my State, is out of control. The No. 1 cause of crime in our com-munities is the opioid crisis. Typically, it is somebody who is committing a crime—whether it is a burglary or fraud or shoplifting—to pay for a drug habit. Police officers are often in a po-sition in which they need to step in and provide law enforcement but also to aid in getting people the help they need. Let me give a specific example of what I mean when I say that police of-ficers put themselves on the line for us constantly. Over the weekend, I re-ceived a call—or an email—on Satur-day about a police officer in Ohio who was injured in the line of duty. He is a Franklin County deputy. I am not going to use his name tonight because, for privacy purposes, his name is not out there, but he is a good example of what happens virtually every day in communities around the country. He was pulling somebody over for a traffic citation, for a traffic violation. He was running the tag, and he noticed that the person was wanted for vio-lating a protection order after a domes-tic assault charge. The person didn’t pull over. In fact, the car led the officer on a very dangerous police chase through the streets of Franklin Coun-ty, which is near Columbus, OH. Fi-nally, the chase ended when the sus-pect’s car crashed. Luckily, he didn’t kill anybody else when he crashed that car. Then a shoot-out ensued, and in that shoot-out, the police officer was injured. He did return fire, and when he returned fire, the suspect was shot and killed. This deputy has been treated in a hospital for his injuries. He is now listed in stable condition, thank God. This just happened last weekend. Again, it is an example of what the men and women in blue confront every single day. We are grateful for the bravery and quick action of that Franklin County deputy. I am also en-couraged about what we are hearing about the deputy’s condition as of this afternoon. We send him our prayers. This was just one example. Sadly, in many cases around the country, unfor-tunately, these officers are making the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty. In Akron, OH, just last week, the FOP Lodge No. 7 held its annual memo-rial service for 26 Akron police officers who have given their lives. There are a few hundred people there, as I under-stand it, who provide a commemora-tion of this event every year. I appre-ciate that they do that. There will be similar memorials and moments of re-membrance across the country this week. Of course, there is a big one here in Washington, DC. Sadly, in my home State of Ohio, we have no shortage of police officers whose bravery deserves more than we can ever do to repay it. Earlier this year, there were two he-roic Ohioans who lost their lives in the line of duty. On Saturday, February 10, Westerville, OH, police officers An-thony ‘‘Tony’’ Morelli and Eric Joering were both fatally shot. They were re-sponding to a 911 call—again, for do-mestic assault. They arrived and were immediately shot at. These were two amazing officers. Tony Morelli was a 29-year veteran at the Westerville Po-lice Department. Eric Joering was a 16- year veteran. He was also a K–9 officer who partnered with his dog, Sam. Both of these men were beloved and respected by members of the Westerville community. I had the op-portunity to meet with some of their fellow officers and colleagues and to talk with them about these men and what they were like. What kept coming back was their incredible sense of pub-lic service and great senses of humor. They knew what they were doing was dangerous; yet they felt strongly about doing it and being dedicated to it. I also had the opportunity to meet with the officers’ wives and kids and families to be able to express our thanks from all of us for the service that their husbands and fathers had given. On behalf of this body, I pre-sented both families with flags that had been flown over the U.S. Capitol in honor of their courage and their sac-rifice while protecting the people of Ohio. These families, like other police fam-ilies I have gotten to know over the years, are just amazing. Their strength is inspiring. In their grief—and it is profound grief—they also told me how proud they were of the service these men performed for all of us and said that these two officers wouldn’t have had it any other way. They wanted to be police officers. The dangers law enforcement officers face have increased in the past few years with the deepening of the opioid crisis and specifically with the growing influx of synthetic opioids, like fentanyl. Let me give one quick exam-ple of this. East Liverpool has a police officer named Chris Green. Last year, Officer Green pulled a car over. There were two people in the car. He pulled up and noticed some white, powdery sub-stance. Fortunately for him, he had 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.004 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2637 May 14, 2018 
put on gloves and a mask. He realized that this substance was fentanyl, which, by the way, is 50 times more powerful than heroin. He booked them and took them down to the station. While he was down at the station, he looked at his shirt and he saw a couple of flecks of something, a few white flecks on his shirt. So, as anybody might do, he reached over with his hand, like this, and just brushed these flecks off his shirt. Unfortunately, the flecks were fentanyl. Three flecks touched his skin. He immediately overdosed. He was unconscious on the floor. He was given Narcan not once, not twice, but four times. He was taken to the hospital and finally woke up at the hospital. He is a big guy, by the way, and is in good shape. That shows how powerful and deadly these drugs are. That is a danger our police officers are running into every day. His police chief said he would probably have not made it if they had not been there, be-cause he had overdosed right there in the police station, but they had gotten him to the emergency room. Think if he had gone home after not having brushed off those flecks and had hugged his kids. That is what our po-lice officers go through every single day. The incredibly dangerous nature of these drugs threatens not only police officers, of course, but other first re-sponders who come into contact with these deadly substances. It also threat-ens the K–9 sniffing dogs, the drug sniffing dogs, that come into contact with it. That is one reason we have to pass the STOP Act, by the way, and do other things that law enforcement strongly supports to stop some of this poison from coming into our commu-nities. Law enforcement officers share an unbreakable bond. In response to the tragic deaths of Officers Morelli and Joering, the police community and the people of Central Ohio—frankly, across the Nation—have stepped up in big ways to support and assist these two families with a beautiful parade in downtown Columbus and a lot of sup-port for the kids. That is exactly the way it should be. We hold these families up in prayer, like those 26 officers remembered in Akron, like the Morellis and the Joernings. We take a moment this week to reflect on the sacrifices police officers and their families make on a daily basis for all of us. I am honored to be here on the floor this evening to thank these police offi-cers and their families. I look forward to seeing them here in Washington this week and in letting them know that, in this Chamber, in this Congress, and in this country, we appreciate what they do, that we are grateful for their serv-ice, and that we understand their sac-rifices. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. WELL WISHES FOR HARRY REID AND FIRST LADY  
MELANIA TRUMP  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, first, I recently heard that my dear friend Harry Reid has just gotten out of an operation to treat pancreatic can-cer. I have spoken to his family, and it seems that everything went very well with the operation. The doctors say pancreatic cancer is not a great thing, but given that the operation couldn’t have gone much better, we are all pray-ing for Harry’s speedy recovery. Harry is a fighter literally and figuratively. I know he is going to approach his recov-ery with the same energy and tenacity and resolve that defined his public life. We all send our prayers to him. We also wish a speedy recovery to the First Lady, who underwent a medical proce-dure today as well. 
TRADE WITH CHINA  
Madam President, an area in which the President and I have mostly agreed is on trade with China. I have given him a pat on the back for his stance so far. I have praised the administration vocally and forcefully for its efforts in addressing China’s intellectual prop-erty theft and extortion—its unwilling-ness to let our best products be sold in their country, in their huge market, unless we give them our family jewels, that of how we do things, of how we in-vent things. The President was right, and so many of us breathed a sigh of relief when he started an investigation into China’s theft of our intellectual property. The administration was right to threaten tariffs and investment restrictions to get China to the negotiating table. Its reaction to what happened with the re-cent telecom company ZTE shows that when you are tough with China, it real-ly reacts. China is rapacious about trade, par-ticularly about intellectual property. To gain access to China’s markets, American companies are forced by Chi-na’s Government into deals in which they must turn over their most valu-able job-creating intellectual property to Chinese competitors. China’s state- backed companies try to steal intellec-tual property from American compa-nies outright. It is wrong and is anath-ema to the American way. Four-star Gen. Keith Alexander, Re-tired, has said that China’s theft of in-tellectual property has been the ‘‘greatest transfer of wealth in his-tory.’’ That just eats at me. It eats at me. That is American jobs; that is American wealth, American innova-tion, of which we are all so proud, being stolen—there is no other word— by China, and it hurts us. There is one example that hits home to me. I was in Albany this morning. One of our biggest employers is GE, which makes steam turbines. GE em-ploys thousands of people in good-pay-ing jobs. It is one of the big manufac-turing sites left in Schenectady. A few years back, it signed one of these 5149s. China wouldn’t let it sell the turbines in China, and it is a huge market. So it signed one of these things to make them in China—a 5149 with a Chinese company that clearly the government’s tentacles are in. It is great for GE’s CEO. I liked him, and he was my friend, but I so objected to what he did here. GE makes good profits on those sales because it gets an exclusive contract on the right to sell for a few years, but then China will have stolen the amazing GE technology that allows its turbines to be the best in the world, to spin fast without over-heating, and those jobs are gone. That story can be repeated over and over and over again. So I thought, good for President Trump for finally getting serious about this calamity. I noted that my views on China and how we deal with it eco-nomically are closer to President Trump’s than to President Bush’s or President Obama’s, both of whom I thought were far too soft. He acknowl-edged that in a little note he sent to me because he saw it in one of the newspapers he reads. Yet, now, dis-appointingly—maybe not surpris-ingly—President Trump is backing off. Over the weekend, we saw two incred-ible examples of the President doing a 180 on China. First, Axios reported that the Presi-dent is on the verge of a deal that would have China accelerate its pur-chases of U.S. goods, in the name of re-ducing our trade deficit with China, in exchange for our dropping the 301 tar-iffs that have been proposed to stop China from stealing our intellectual property specifically. Secondly and amazingly enough, when he finally took some strong ac-tion against China—his Commerce De-partment—the President backed off. He tweeted that he and President Xi are working together to give the massive Chinese phone company ZTE a way to get back into business fast because there had been ‘‘too many jobs in China lost.’’ What about jobs in Amer-ica, Mr. President? What about the millions of jobs that are lost because of what China has done? The President was referring to the fact that ZTE had accepted a fine for selling its products in violation of U.S. sanctions against Iran and North Korea and could be further restricted by a pending FCC proposal to ban U.S. telecom companies that receive Fed-eral funds from purchasing mobile equipment or services from companies like ZTE. Why? Because ZTE poses a national security threat to U.S. com-munication networks. This President, who prides himself on keeping us se-cure, is going to let ZTE continue to do this despite what the experts say? Why on Earth would President Trump promise to help a Chinese telecom company that has flouted U.S. sanctions and whose trade practices are a risk to our national security? The thing that will move China most is taking tough action against actors like ZTE, but even before it is implemented the President backs off. Why on Earth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.007 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2638 May 14, 2018 
would the President retreat from cracking down on intellectual property theft—the thing China fears most, the thing that has hurt us the most and will hurt us even more in the future— losing millions, if not tens of millions, of American jobs in exchange for a few purchases of U.S. goods in the short term? That is a bad, lopsided deal if there ever was one. It would be like trading away your star player for the last-round draft pick. If President Trump makes that deal, President Xi of China will have made a fool of the President and will have shown that he does not know how to cut a deal. President Trump bemoans ‘‘too many jobs in China lost.’’ What about Amer-ican jobs? What about job losses associ-ated with the theft of intellectual prop-erty from China and ZTE, in par-ticular? What happened to ‘‘America First’’? Being soft on trade puts China first. What happened to ‘‘Make Amer-ica Great Again’’? That is how the President campaigned. That is, in good part, how he got elected, but, once again, the President talks the talk but refuses—is unable, is afraid—to walk the walk, and, once again, a foreign leader could well be playing our Presi-dent for a chump. President Trump’s latest about-face on trade policy will not make America great again; it will make China great again. The next generation of electric vehicles, telecom hardware, advanced aviation technology, and renewable en-ergy should be made in America, not China. It will not happen if we allow China to continue to extort and steal our intellectual property and know- how, if we allow China to sell goods here at will but not allow us to sell our best products over there. Walking away from the negotiating table with any-thing less than an enforceable and verifiable commitment to protect our intellectual property would be a cata-strophic failure and again show that President Xi has clearly outplayed President Trump. I pray that doesn’t happen because we care about jobs for America. 
OIL PRICES  
Mr. President, finally, on oil prices, few things matter more to the average consumer than the price of a gallon of gasoline. When gas prices go through the roof, it eats away at a family’s in-come, leaving less to cover the cost of everything else—groceries, medicines, tuition, summer vacation. Recent data suggests that gas prices are about to spike this summer, the re-sult of the actions and inactions of the Trump administration. As gas prices head toward $3 a gallon, the U.S. En-ergy Information Administration esti-mates that the average family could expect to pay $200 more this summer’s driving season than last year. Part of the reason is, President Trump triggered greater uncertainty and increased instability in the Middle East when he pulled out of the Iran deal and is about to levy additional sanctions on the oil-producing nation. Another part of the reason is, OPEC has decided to cut oil production. President Trump has tweeted that OPEC’s decision ‘‘will not be accept-ed.’’ We are waiting to see some action that will help America’s motorists. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. MORAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Scudder nomi-nation? Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE), and the Senator from Ari-zona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), and the Senator from Flor-ida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 90, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 92 Ex.] YEAS—90 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NOT VOTING—10 
Blunt Cruz Duckworth Graham Heller Lankford Lee Manchin McCain Nelson 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will resume consideration of the follow nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the St. Eve nomination? Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE), and the Senator from Ari-zona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 91, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 93 Ex.] YEAS—91 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.010 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2639 May 14, 2018 
Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—9 
Blunt Cruz Duckworth Graham Heller Lankford Lee Manchin McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will resume consideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN MCCAIN  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I had an opportunity yesterday to visit our friend J
OHN MCCAIN. It was in a beautiful location, Sedona. It is about a 2-hour drive from Phoenix. J
OHNand Cindy and I had a chance to sit on the back porch and reminisce about our friendship and all we had shared over the last 30 years. We had some laughs. We mainly reminisced about the battles. Sometimes we were on the same side, and sometimes we were not. Yet one thing about our col-league J
OHNMCCAINis you would rath-er be on his side than not. For 10 years, we had a very vigorous debate about an issue he and I both cared about, and we were on opposite sides. It ended up going all the way to the Supreme Court. He won and I lost, and we worked hard to establish a new rela-tionship after that vigorous battle of a decade. We all know his story all too well— that of a genuine American hero. We admire the tenacity and the grit it took to survive those 5
1⁄2years in the Hanoi Hilton and the way he refused to go home early, as he certainly could have, given the prominence of his fa-ther’s position in the Navy. It is pretty hard to think of any serious issues that face our Nation without recalling the role J
OHN played in so many things that are important to our country. Over the last few years, I am sure the Presiding Officer would agree with me that we saw him as the shadow Sec-retary of State during the Obama years as he traveled the world—sometimes on a long weekend—to some of the least desirable places to visit. I avoided those trips, but for those who took them, it was a little bit like the Ba-taan Death March. Junkets they were not. He was an important foreign pol-icy and defense voice for our country. He was also passionate in working to take better care of our veterans. No one, with the possible exception of Sen-ator ISAKSON , spent more time working on veterans’ issues and trying to take care of them, as they richly deserve, than J
OHNMCCAIN. At this point in his life, he, obvi-ously, has a little time to sit and rest and reflect under the desert sky and to simply take in the beautiful, peaceful Nation he has worked so hard and so long to protect and pass on to all of our children. One thing we all know about J
OHN— and it remains the case today—is that he doesn’t have a relaxed bone in his body. He still has plenty to say about work, I assure you. He misses his col-leagues, and he would rather be here. I told him we miss him, too—all the great jokes, the smart-alecky com-ments. He was a joy to be around. I didn’t want to miss the opportunity to tell him how much his friendship has meant to me, so that is why I was out there this weekend. While I was there, I said I was confident I was speaking for everybody in the Senate in conveying our deepest respect to him for all he has done for this country during a truly extraordinary life. Mr. KING. Will the Senator yield for a comment? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Yes. Mr. KING. Mr. President, I join in thanking the majority leader for, No. 1, going to see Senator M
CCAINand, No. 2, for the comments he made. I came here 5
1⁄2years ago and had never met J OHN M
CCAIN, but I have gotten to know him over that period by serving on his Armed Services Committee and by traveling with him. Over the weekend, I told some friends in Maine that traveling with J
OHN M
CCAINis like a long march with Paul McCartney. You work hard, and every-one in the world knows it. He is an ex-traordinary leader and one of the most principled people I have ever met. I was speaking to a college graduation in far northern Maine and characterized him, almost spontaneously, as a person whom I consider to be the greatest liv-ing American. The audience broke into spontaneous applause because, I think, they agreed. I thank the Senator for the time he has taken to acknowledge this great American today, and I join my com-ments with his in recognizing one of the most extraordinary careers in American history. I thank the Senator for his comments. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I thank my friend from Maine. 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF ISRAEL ’S INDEPENDENCE  
AND THE OPENING OF THE AMERICAN EMBASSY  
IN JERUSALEM  
Mr. President, on an entirely dif-ferent matter, today marks 70 years since Israel declared its independence on May 14, 1948. Ever since, this brave nation has shown as a beacon of democ-racy in a troubled region and has stood as a valued friend of the United States. It is fitting that another historic event took place just today. This morning, an American delegation, in-cluding top administration officials and several of our own colleagues, were on hand in Jerusalem, Israel’s capital, to officially open the new American Embassy in that city. I am proud the administration sent this clear signal on behalf of all Ameri-cans. We recognize the fact that Jeru-salem is Israel’s capital, plain and sim-ple. That is where our Embassy be-longs. Now, thanks to the President’s decision, that is where it will be. WELL WISHES FOR HARRY REID  
Mr. President, on one final subject, the Senate’s thoughts this afternoon are with our former colleague, the pre-vious Democratic leader, Senator Reid, who underwent surgery today for a pancreatic tumor. According to his family’s statement, the procedure went well, and chemotherapy will follow in the days ahead. So, Harry, let me say that we are all in your corner, and we wish you the very best in this fight. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 715. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Michael K. At-kinson, of Maryland, to be Inspector General of the Intelligence Commu-nity, Office of the Director of National Intelligence. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Atkinson nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.014 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2640 May 14, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE WINNERS OF THE 2018 GOLDMAN ENVIRON-MENTAL PRIZE Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to bring to the attention of all Senators the winners of the 2018 Goldman Envi-ronmental Prize, the world’s largest and most prestigious award for grass-roots environmental activism. Richard N. Goldman, 1920–2010, and his wife Rhoda H. Goldman, 1924–1996, established the prize in 1989. They had devoted much of their lives to environ-mental protection, and they conceived of the prize in order to recognize ordi-nary individuals working at the grass-roots level who protect and enhance the Earth’s environment. As the Goldman Prize website states, ‘‘It views ‘grassroots’ leaders as those involved in local efforts, where positive change is created through community or citizen participation in the issues that affect them. Through recognizing these individual leaders, the Prize seeks to inspire other ordinary people to take extraordinary actions to pro-tect the natural world.’’ The award ceremony, held annually in both San Francisco and Washington, DC, is one of the year’s most inspiring events. Since Richard and Rhoda Goldman passed away, their three children have continued the prize. In doing so, they have honored courageous individuals from Africa, Asia, Europe, islands and island nations, North America, and South and Central America who have struggled for years, often against over-whelming odds, to protect endangered ecosystems and species, combat de-structive development projects, pro-mote sustainable environmental and energy policies, and obtain environ-mental justice. Recipients of the prize are often from isolated rural communities or impover-ished urban neighborhoods who have in common a lack of prior experience in activism, politics, or the law, but what they also share is that, when the for-ests, farmland, water, and air that their children, families, and commu-nities depend on for their health and survival were faced with potentially existential threats, they took great personal risks to challenge those re-sponsible, whether private industry, criminal networks, governments, or a combination of all three. Their struggles, beginning with one or a handful of concerned individuals, grew to encompass whole communities and in some instances ignited national movements. What first seemed like tilting at windmills was eventually, through dogged and brave persever-ance, shown to be possible, often after exposing lies, unbridled greed, and cor-ruption on the part of large corpora-tions and their accomplices at the highest levels of government. By doing so, they have reminded us of the grave perils our planet faces today, that a single individual—regard-less of his or her station in life—when moved to act can transform cynicism and despair into activism and change and that each of us has a responsibility to follow their example. This year’s prize winners, who de-serve our admiration and thanks, are as follows: Europe, Claire Nouvian of France; South and Central America, Francia Marquez of Colombia; islands and island nations, Manny Calonzo of the Philippines; Africa, Makoma Lekalakala and Liz McDaid of South Africa; Asia, Khanh Nguy Thi of Viet-nam; and North America, LeeAnne Walters of Flint, MI. I urge all Senators to go to the Gold-man Environmental Prize website and read the inspiring stories of these ex-traordinary, ordinary individuals. The people of their countries are rightfully proud of them and grateful for what they have done to protect the health of their communities and of future gen-erations. Their governments should likewise afford them the respect and recognition they deserve. I commend the Goldman siblings for carrying on their parents’ generous legacy and educating all of us about these role models for the world. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today, during National Police Week, I wish to honor the thousands of uniformed Mon-tanans who put their lives on the line to guarantee the safety and well-being of our families and the communities they call home. Day in and day out, they keep out drugs, provide justice for families shat-tered by crime, and ensure parents are secure tucking in their kids at night. These law enforcement officers are well-trained, committed, and they de-serve our deepest gratitude. When others run from danger, they courageously face it head on. They bravely stand up to threats, and in the most tragic of circumstances, some make the ultimate sacrifice. Last year, Montanans lost Deputy Mason Moore of the Broadwater Coun-ty Sheriff’s Office. Deputy Moore was a beloved son, husband, father, and brother. He had a strong faith and a deep commitment to Montana and this Nation. His legacy lives on in his family, his fellow law enforcement officers, his community, and our State. Montana will never for-get his dedication to service and his promise to keep all Montanans safe. Tragic moments like this make us all stop and remember how thankful we are for the men and women who serve and protect our communities. This National Police Week we add Deputy Moore’s name to National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington, DC, to respectfully docu-ment his sacrifice and to preserve his legacy. In addition to honoring the life and service of Deputy Moore, we recognize six outstanding Montana law enforce-ment officers who also responded on May 16, 2017. Deputy Austin Micu of Powell Coun-ty Sheriff’s Department, Troopers Thomas Gill and Timothy R. Wyckoff of Montana Highway Patrol, and Ser-geant Tim Berger, Lieutenant John O’Brien, and Officer Rich O’Brien of Butte-Silver Bow Law Enforcement De-partment all went above and beyond the call of duty, and we honor them today as ‘‘Top Cops.’’ During this week and every week, we thank you for putting your lives on the line to make Montana a safer place. God bless you, and God bless your families, and God bless America. f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. SUSAN J. HUNTER Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish to congratulate Dr. Susan J. Hunter, president of the University of Maine, on her retirement after 27 years of out-standing service in higher education. Dr. Hunter joined the faculty of the University of Maine at Orono in 1991 as a researcher in cell biology. In 2014, she was named the university’s 20th presi-dent, the first woman to hold that posi-tion. It is a pleasure to join the people of Maine in expressing gratitude for Dr. Hunter’s commitment to higher edu-cation. In her many roles during a truly distinguished career—from re-searcher, to professor, provost, and president—she has been an inspiring leader. Even if Dr. Hunter had remained solely in the research field, her con-tributions would be worthy of acco-lades. In addition to invaluable work in bone cell biology, she served as coprin-cipal investigator of an award-winning National Science Foundation grant that placed graduate teaching fellows in primary and secondary schools as science demonstrators. She also led the establishment of UMaine’s Rising Tide Center, an important initiative to en-hance opportunities for women faculty members in science, technology, engi-neering, mathematics, and social-be-havioral sciences. Dr. Hunter’s service as an adminis-trator includes chair of the department of biological sciences, associate pro-vost and dean for undergraduate edu-cation, executive vice president for academic affairs and provost, and vice chancellor for academic affairs for the entire University of Maine System. Last year, while serving as president of UMaine’s flagship campus at Orono, she also became president of the uni-versity’s regional campus at Machias. Dr. Hunter’s leadership at UMaine played a key role in bringing about ad-vancements in enrollment, fundraising, and advocacy and partnerships. During her presidency, UMaine has recruited its largest incoming classes and the largest number of out-of-state students in the university’s 153-year history, and the university has seen a 22-per-cent increase in private giving to its annual fund. Students and supporters have expressed their confidence in Dr. Hunter’s leadership in the most mean-ingful ways. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.016 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2641 May 14, 2018 
Dr. Hunter’s contributions reach far beyond the campus. In the community, she has served on the boards of direc-tors of the Maine School of Science and Mathematics, the Bangor Symphony Orchestra, and the Maine Mathematics and Science Alliance, and she worked with the Maine Arts Commission to de-velop a cultural strategic plan for the State of Maine. Currently, she serves on the boards of Maine & Company and the Maine Development Foundation to foster economic growth and job cre-ation and on the advisory network for the Olympia Snowe Women’s Leader-ship Institute. Her achievements have been widely recognized. In 2016, Dr. Hunter was in-ducted into the Deborah Morton Soci-ety at the University of New England in honor of her work to advance women in scientific fields. Last year, she re-ceived the Wilma Award from the Col-lins Center for the Arts at the Univer-sity of Maine for her promotion and en-hancement of cultural activities and the Kenneth M. Curtis Leadership Award from the Maine Development Foundation for her commitment to economic opportunity. In a recent interview, Dr. Hunter said that her leadership decisions have al-ways been guided by the best interests of students and the people of Maine. Her decades of distinguished service and reverence for education have cre-ated a legacy that demonstrates how faithfully she has followed that guid-ance, and that will benefit our great State for many decades to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
SOUTH DAKOTA HONOR FLIGHT ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, it is with great pride that I recognize 45 South Dakota veterans who are visiting our Nation’s capital on May 15, 2018, as part of the Midwest Honor Flight. South Dakota’s veterans have played an important role in making our Na-tion great. Through their sacrifices, America has triumphed, remained a free and vibrant nation, and helped others obtain their own freedoms. I am honored to welcome these American heroes to our Nation’s Capital to see the symbols of their sacrifice, and I ap-preciate the opportunity to meet with them and thank them for their service. We cannot thank our veterans enough for putting their lives on the line when America’s security demanded it. The Honor Flight veterans, in alpha-betical order, are as follows: Stanley Allen, Jr., William Anderson, Benard Aning, Wallace Bothwell, Gordon Brower, Charles Bryan, Merdith Buchholz, Lucien Charette, James Davis, Elmer Frank, Donald Freese, Donald Gross, Robert Hempel, Arlen Jensen, Leroy Johnson, Kenneth Jor-genson, Harold Kleihauer, Lloyd Kraft, Richard Landsman, Donald Leat, Gor-don Leboutillier, Melvin Lubbers, Ken-neth Mattheis, Robert Mcclaren, Clay-ton Mclaughlin, Ronald Mount, Ray Nielsen, Kenneth Peterson, Arvis Raml, Milton Schavee, Eugene Schnider, Ronald Schorg, Arnold Schwarz, Warren Sealey, Ronald Sheard, Richard Sinclair, Wayne Spars, Gordon Spars, John Stene, Gerald Sutherland, Chester Vander Zee, Clar-ence Vanderlei, Norman Woods, James Yonkers, and Herbert Yost. It gives me great pleasure to honor those who have defended our freedom and to recognize the service and sac-rifice of these courageous South Dako-tans.∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3053. An act to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that pursuant to section 201(b) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431) and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker reappoints the following individual on the part of the House of Representa-tives to the Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom for a term effective May 14, 2018, and ending May 14, 2020: Dr. Tenzin Dorjee of Fullerton, California. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3053. An act to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5170. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Senate, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of the receipts and expend-itures of the Senate for the period from Oc-tober 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2018; ordered to lie on the table. EC–5171. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting, pursuant to law, notifi-cation of the Department’s intent to sell beer and wine in military commissaries; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5172. A communication from the Chair-man, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the National Credit Union Administration’s 2017 annual report; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5173. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Uplift Cost Al-location and Transparency in Markets Oper-ated by Regional Transmission Organiza-tions and Independent System Operators’’ ((RIN1902–AF37) (Docket No. RM17–2–000)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 9, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5174. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Special Payments at Age 72’’ (RIN0960–AI16) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 9. 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5175. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Durable Medical Equip-ment Fee Schedule Adjustments to Resume the Transitional 50/50 Blended Rates to Pro-vide Relief in Rural Areas and Non-Contig-uous Areas’’ ((RIN0938–AT21) (CMS–1687- IFC)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–5176. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘DOES Lacks Policies and Procedures to Effectively Mon-itor D.C.’s First Source Program’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5177. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘How Not to Create Affordable Housing: A Cautionary Tale About Disappointed Homeowners and Lost Taxpayer Dollars’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5178. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Fewer than One-Fifth of First Source Provisions Have Been Effectively Implemented and the Dis-trict Has Not Demonstrated Success in Hir-ing and Retaining District Employees’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5179. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Government Contracting and Business Development, Small Business Administration, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Conforming Statutory Amendments and Technical Corrections to Small Business Government Contracting Regulations’’ (RIN3245–AH02) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 9, 2018; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. EC–5180. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Commerce, Legislative and Intergovernmental Affairs, Department of Commerce transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘FY2017 Annual Report on Small Entity Compliance Guides’’; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. EC–5181. A communication from the Im-pact Analyst, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Special Monthly Compensation for Veterans with Traumatic Brain Injury’’ (RIN2900–AP23) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 9, 2018; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. EC–5182. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to certification grant-ed in relation to the incidental capture of sea turtles in commercial shrimping oper-ations; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.017 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2642 May 14, 2018 
EC–5183. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Saint Lawrence Seaway Develop-ment Corporation, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Seaway Regulations and Rules: Periodic Update, Various Cat-egories’’ (RIN2135–AA43) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5184. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0305)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5185. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0302)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5186. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0237)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5187. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1248)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5188. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0299)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5189. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0304)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5190. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0770)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5191. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0554)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5192. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0769)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5193. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc. Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0314)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5194. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; DG Flugzeugbau GmbH Glid-ers’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018– 0014)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5195. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V.Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0096)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5196. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Austro Engine GmbH En-gines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0153)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5197. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Safran Helicopter Engines, S.A. Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0184)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5198. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; CFM International S.A. Tur-bofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0380)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5199. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment for Restricted Area R–4403A; Stennis Space Center, MS’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1109)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5200. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion of Class E Airspace; Seven Springs, PA, and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Som-erset, PA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0610)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5201. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (55); Amdt. No. 3796’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5202. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (92); Amdt. No. 3795’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5203. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Part 95 Flight Rules; Miscellaneous Amendments; Amdt. No. 539’’ (RIN2120–AA63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5204. A communication from the Direc-tor, National Institute of Food and Agri-culture, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Matching Funds Requirements for Agricultural Research and Extension Capac-ity Funds at 1890 Land-Grant Institutions and 1862 Land-Grant Institutions in Insular Areas’’ (RIN0524–AA68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 9, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2315. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the regu-latory framework with respect to certain nonprescription drugs that are marketed without an approved new drug application, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.005 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2643 May 14, 2018 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. K ING, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mrs. C AP-
ITO): S. 2835. A bill to require a study of the well-being of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Mr. C OTTON ): S. 2836. A bill to assist the Department of Homeland Security in preventing emerging threats from unmanned aircraft and vehi-cles, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Ms. HASSAN: S. 2837. A bill to improve the systems for identifying the diversion of controlled sub-stances; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 397 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 397, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure fairness in Medicare hospital payments by establishing a floor for the area wage index applied with respect to cer-tain hospitals. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to authorize States to provide coordi-nated care to children with complex medical conditions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 448 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 448, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for treatment of clinical psy-chologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing clinical psychologist serv-ices under the Medicare program. 
S. 794 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 794, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to im-prove the process whereby Medicare ad-ministrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. MURRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit discrimi-nation against individuals with disabil-ities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes. 
S. 936 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 936, a bill to designate certain National Forest System land and certain public land under the juris-diction of the Secretary of the Interior in the States of Idaho, Montana, Or-egon, Washington, and Wyoming as wilderness, wild and scenic rivers, wildland recovery areas, and biological connecting corridors, and for other purposes. 
S. 1086 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1086, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to remove the prohibition on eligibility for TRICARE Reserve Select of members of the re-serve components of the Armed Forces who are eligible to enroll in a health benefits plan under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. 
S. 1400 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1400, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protec-tions of Native American tangible cul-tural heritage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1439 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1439, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Defense to include gambling disorder in health assessments for members of the Armed Forces and re-lated research efforts of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
S. 1524 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1524, a bill to improve the treatment of Federal prisoners who are primary caretaker parents, and for other purposes. 
S. 1596 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1596, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase certain funeral benefits for veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1633 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1633, a bill to promote innovative ap-proaches to outdoor recreation on Fed-eral land and to open up opportunities for collaboration with non-Federal partners, and for other purposes. 
S. 1688 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. CORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1688, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate fair pre-scription drug prices under part D of the Medicare program. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. At the request of Ms. C
OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, supra. 
S. 2244 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2244, a bill to create opportu-nities for women in the aviation indus-try. 
S. 2305 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2305, a bill to require a study and report on the housing and service needs of victims of trafficking and in-dividuals at risk for trafficking. 
S. 2334 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2334, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide clarity with respect to, and to modernize, the licensing system for musical works under section 115 of that title, to en-sure fairness in the establishment of certain rates and fees under sections 114 and 115 of that title, and for other purposes. 
S. 2343 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2343, a bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a task force for meeting the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States. 
S. 2415 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2415, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to streamline enrollment of certain Med-icaid providers and suppliers across State lines, and for other purposes. 
S. 2430 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2430, a bill to provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.008 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2644 May 14, 2018 
a permanent appropriation of funds for the payment of death gratuities and re-lated benefits for survivors of deceased members of the uniformed services in event of any period of lapsed appropria-tions. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ), the Sen-ator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Ex-port Control Act to make improve-ments to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2506, a bill to establish an aviation maintenance workforce devel-opment pilot program. 
S. 2568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2568, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 2577 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2577, a bill to reauthorize programs authorized under the Debbie Smith Act of 2004. 
S. 2597 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2597, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize the program of payments to chil-dren’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2600 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2600, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on indoor tanning services. 
S. 2637 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2637, a bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to im-prove the quality, health outcomes, and value of maternity care under the Medicaid and CHIP programs by devel-oping maternity care quality measures and supporting maternity care quality collaboratives. S. 2667 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the names of the Senator from Ten-nessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ  M
ASTO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2667, a bill to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for State and Tribal regulation of hemp production, and for other purposes. 
S. 2673 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2673, a bill to limit the printing of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  and the Senate Calendars, and for other purposes. 
S. 2718 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2718, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow workers an above-the-line deduction for union dues and expenses and to allow a miscellaneous itemized deduc-tion for workers for all unreimbursed expenses incurred in the trade or busi-ness of being an employee. 
S. 2744 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2744, a bill to establish a grant program to provide assistance to States to prevent and repair damage to structures due to pyrrhotite. 
S. 2801 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2801, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to clarify the effective date of the promotion of commissioned officers of the Army Na-tional Guard and Air National Guard, to improve processes for Federal rec-ognition of the promotions of such offi-cers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 6 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 6, a joint resolution pro-posing an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States relative to equal rights for men and women. 
S. RES. 407 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 407, a resolution recognizing the critical work of human rights de-fenders in promoting human rights, the rule of law, democracy, and good gov-ernance. S. RES. 502 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-ator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 502, a resolution supporting robust relations with the State of Israel bilat-erally and in multilateral fora upon seventy years of statehood, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
ING, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. I
SAKSON , and Mrs. C APITO ): S. 2835. A bill to require a study of the well-being of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. Ms. COLLINS. Mr, President, I rise today to introduce the Protecting Ra-tional Incentives in Newsprint Trade Act of 2018, also known as the PRINT Act, which seeks to address an urgent crisis facing printers and publishers in the United States. I am very pleased to be joined by Senator K
INGand a bipar-tisan and distinguished group of co-sponsors, including Senators B
LUNT , J
ONES , F ISCHER , M CCASKILL , M ORAN , W
ICKER , ISAKSON , and C APITO , to ad-vance this legislation, which is en-dorsed by publishers representing more than 600,000 American jobs. Earlier this year, the Department of Commerce instituted import taxes on certain types of paper imported by the U.S. printing and publishing industry from Canada. The paper—technically known as uncoated groundwood paper, but better known as newsprint—is used by newspapers, book publishers, and numerous other commercial printers in the United States. These import taxes are being advanced under the principle of trade enforcement to protect the do-mestic paper industry. It is telling, however, that nearly all of the U.S. paper industry opposes these import taxes, including the large trade asso-ciation representing the entire indus-try, the American Forest and Paper Association. The paper industry op-poses the import taxes because they threaten to decimate the paper indus-try’s customers and drive printers and publishers out of business forever. The import taxes are as high as 32 percent on some products. The printing and publishing industry is already fac-ing a severe economic threat from the overall trends in the publishing mar-ket, including the shift to digital con-sumption of news. The printing and publishing industry simply cannot ab-sorb the increased costs of paper caused by the tariffs. The Tampa Bay 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.011 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2645 May 14, 2018 
Times, for example, has announced that the tariffs are increasing the newspaper’s operating costs by $3 mil-lion annually and, as a result, it must lay off around 50 employees. Other newspapers across the Nation face the threat of layoffs and closures, particu-larly smaller publications and busi-nesses serving local communities. The Swift County Monitor News in Benson, Minnesota, reported a 43 percent net increase in its newsprint costs from the duties. But let’s not forget the impact of these tariffs on such an important profession in our society. The Execu-tive Editor of the Lewiston Sun-Jour-nal and seven Western Maine weekly newspapers put it this way: ‘‘While tar-iffs are going to cost the newspapers in real dollars, the real cost will be to the mission of journalists and the ability of newspapers—of all sizes—to carry on critical work in the public interest.’’ Mr. President, I strongly support the robust enforcement of our trade laws to protect U.S. interests, but these new import taxes are having the opposite effect. The import tariffs are dramati-cally increasing costs for publishers, accelerating the decline of local and re-gional papers across the Nation, and undermining the United States paper industry’s customer base without any chance of recovery. I trust that the Department of Com-merce has accurately applied the trade enforcement remedies in this case, but that is exactly the problem. The anti-dumping and countervailing duty trade remedies are not equipped to address a situation like this where the import duties will actually harm the industry they were intended to protect. That is the reason that we are intro-ducing the PRINT Act. Our bill would suspend the import taxes on this paper while the Department of Commerce ex-amines the health of—and effects on— the printing and publishing industry. It is important to note that the legisla-tion does not propose that Congress step in and substitute its judgment. The President would retain full author-ity to implement the duties after the Commerce Department completes its study. Moreover, the legislation is only a pause. It is designed to ensure that the government makes decisions about these import tariffs with an under-standing of all the anticipated and po-tential collateral effects on the U.S. in-dustry and jobs. Mr. President, this bill is both sen-sible and urgently needed. Printers and publishers throughout the country have indicated that the import taxes are threatening irreparable harm to their businesses. Adoption of the PRINT Act would ensure that we evaluate fully the impact of these tar-iffs before the duties kill American jobs for good. I encourage my col-leagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. 
h 
FOREIGN TRAVEL FINANCIAL REPORTS In accordance with the appropriate provisions of law, the Secretary of the Senate herewith submits the following re-ports for standing committees of the Senate, certain joint committees of the Congress, delegations and groups, and select and special committees of the Senate, relating to expenses incurred in the performance of authorized foreign travel: CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRITION, AND FORESTRY FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Janae Brady: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,836.06 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,836.06 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 646.92 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 646.92 Anne Knapke: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,165.51 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,165.51 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 36.74 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 36.74 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 336.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 336.00 Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 1,051.83 .................... .................... .................... 1, 654.87 .................... 2,736.70 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 2,071.49 .................... 10,001.57 .................... 1,684. 87 .................... 13,757.93 
SENATOR PAT ROBERTS, Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, Apr. 26, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Patrick Leahy: Cuba ......................................................................................................... CUC ............... ....................................... .................... 1,644.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,644.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 341.91 .................... .... ................ .................... 341.91 Tim Rieser: Cuba ......................................................................................................... CUC ............... ....................................... .................... 1,644.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,644.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 341.91 .................... 40.0 0 .................... 381.91 John Dowd: Cuba ......................................................................................................... CUC ............... ....................................... .................... 1,644.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,644.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 341.91 .................... .... ................ .................... 341.91 Senator Roy Blunt: Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 842.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 842.00 Senator John Kennedy: Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 842.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 842.00 Stacy McBride: Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 842.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 842.00 Laura Friedel: Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 842.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 842.00 Senator Steve Daines: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,382.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,382.00 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 357.09 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 357.09 Wally Hsueh: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,382.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,382.00 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 357.09 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 357.09 Laura Friedel: Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 1,655.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,655.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,271.01 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,271.01 Delegation Expenses: * Cuba ......................................................................................................... CUC ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,011.50 .................... 2,011.50 Delegation Expenses: * Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,192.00 .................... 1,137.28 .................... 4,329.28 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.015 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2646 May 14, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. TO MAR. 31, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Delegation Expenses: * China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 102.08 .................... 5,35 5.90 .................... 5,457.98 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 962.62 .................... 962.62 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 859.27 .................... 859.27 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 13,433.18 .................... 12,590.82 .................... 10,36 6.57 .................... 36,390.57 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384; and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RICHARD SHELBY,Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, May 7, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Matthew Lampert: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,009.06 .................... . ................... .................... 13,009.06 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 224.26 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 224.26 William G.P. Monahan: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,009.06 .................... . ................... .................... 13,009.06 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 243.43 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 243.43 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,009.06 .................... . ................... .................... 13,009.06 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 294.82 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 294.82 William Quinn: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,086.31 .................... . ................... .................... 17,086.31 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 782.23 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 782.23 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 356.63 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 356.63 Oman ........................................................................................................ Rial ............... ........................................ .................... 346.12 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 346.12 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,086.31 .................... . ................... .................... 17,086.31 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 845.96 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 845.96 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 299.99 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 299.99 Oman ........................................................................................................ Rial ............... ........................................ .................... 361.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 361.00 Daniel Lerner: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,318.91 .................... . ................... .................... 13,318.91 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 787.21 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 787.21 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 297.94 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 297.94 Delegation Expenses:* Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 118.28 .................... 118.28 Oman ........................................................................................................ Rial ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 77.39 .................... 2 12.87 .................... 290.26 Senator Jack Reed: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,124.81 .................... . ................... .................... 15,124.81 Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 14.40 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 14.40 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 310.55 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 310.55 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 458.30 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 458.30 Elizabeth King: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,124.81 .................... . ................... .................... 15,124.81 Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 34.40 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 34.40 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 372.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 372.10 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 490.10 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 490.10 William G.P. Monahan: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,985.51 .................... . ................... .................... 12,985.51 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 465.08 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 465.08 Michael Noblet: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,242.81 .................... . ................... .................... 15,242.81 
Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 56.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 347.71 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 347.71 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 485.02 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 485.02 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,870.71 .................... . ................... .................... 14,870.71 Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 196.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 196.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 399.71 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 399.71 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 313.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 313.01 Delegation Expenses:* Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 226.00 .................... 226.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 280.38 .................... 365.42 .................... 645.80 Senator Lindsey Graham: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound Sterling ........... ........................... .................... 443.66 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 443.66 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 409.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 409.49 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,796.59 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,796.59 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 305.07 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 305.07 Matt Rimkunas: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound Sterling ........... ........................... .................... 429.32 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 429.32 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 365.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 365.79 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,877.96 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,877.96 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 309.12 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 309.12 Alice James: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound Sterling ........... ........................... .................... 462.47 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 462.47 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 405.34 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 405.34 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,840.70 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,840.70 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 297.62 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 297.62 Delegation Expenses:* United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound Sterling ........... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,052.75 .................... 1,052.75 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 331.30 .................... 869.51 .................... 1,200.81 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 14,802.28 .................... 14,802.28 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 432.30 .................... 2,771.40 .................... 3,203.70 Senator Jeanne Shaheen: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,374.01 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,374.01 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 914.11 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 914.11 Naz Durakoglu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,121.34 .................... . ................... .................... 13,121.34 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 502.98 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 502.98 Senator Lindsey Graham: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 151.27 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 151.27 Senator Ben Sasse: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................
...................................... .................... 186.27 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 186.27 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.018 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2647 May 14, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Christian Brose: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 502.98 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 502.98 Delegation Expenses:* Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,053.26 .................... 11,539.30 .................... 20,592.56 Senator James M. Inhofe: Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 331.38 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 331.38 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 479.22 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 479.22 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 635.74 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 635.74 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 382.27 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 382.27 Luke Holland: Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 468.94 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 468.94 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 663.46 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 663.46 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 387.94 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 387.94 Tony Pankuch: Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 324.55 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 324.55 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 478.46 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 478.46 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 633.87 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 633.87 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 352.35 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 352.35 Mark Powers: Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 349.24 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 349.24 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 503.32 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 503.32 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 699.86 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 699.86 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 505.77 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 505.77 Senator Mike Rounds: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,384.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,384.91 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 339.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 339.00 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 568.40 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 568.40 Darren Hedlund: Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 238.20 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 238.20 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 406.08 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 406.08 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 564.24 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 564.24 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 273.95 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 273.95 Senator Dan Sullivan: Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 443.28 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 443.28 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 686.96 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 686.96 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 327.51 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 327.51 Jason Suslavich: Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 239.57 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 239.57 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 377.99 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 377.99 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 549.72 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 549.72 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ...............
........................................ .................... 307.04 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 307.04 Senator Joni Ernst: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,255.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,255.40 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 293.81 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 293.81 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 362.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 362.00 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 718.42 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 718.42 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 285.44 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 285.44 Abbey Overland: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,255.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,255.40 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 326.92 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 326.92 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 404.08 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 404.08 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 480.36 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 480.36 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 298.31 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 298.31 Delegation Expenses:* Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,014.34 .................... 1,937.16 .................... 2,951.50 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 182.62 .................... 2 ,094.87 .................... 2,277.49 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,904.76 .................... 1, 539.46 .................... 3,444.22 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 3,631.33 .................. .. 201.73 .................... 3,833.06 Senator Gary C. Peters: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 383.91 .................... .... ................ .................... 383.91 Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,516.30 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,516.30 Jordan Wells: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 383.91 .................... .... ................ .................... 383.91 Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,582.08 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,582.08 Delegation Expenses:* Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,341.00 .................... 1,341.00 Matthew Lampert: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,358.11 .................... . ................... .................... 10,358.11 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 326.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 326.00 Delegation Expenses:* Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 80.97 .................... 171. 74 .................... 252.71 Mark Montgomery: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,750.71 .................... . ................... .................... 13,750.71 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 972.62 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 972.62 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 426.50 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 426.50 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,146.71 .................... . ................... .................... 12,146.71 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 993.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 993.49 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 440.63 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 440.63 Delegation Expenses:* Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 1,380.96 .................. .. 2,680.41 .................... 4,061.37 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar .............
....................................... .................... .................... .................... 46.85 .................... .. .................. .................... 46.85 Ozge Guzelsu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,535.28 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,535.28 Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 1,022.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,022.49 Delegation Expenses:* Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 460.00 .................... 460.00 Mark Montgomery: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9.776.29 .................... .. .................. .................... 9.776.29 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 570.97 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 570.97 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,758.22 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,758.22 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 607.90 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 607.90 William G.P. Monahan: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,708.78 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,708.78 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 602.72 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 602.72 Delegation Expenses:* Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 761.71 .................... .. .................. .................... 761.71 Senator Elizabeth Warren: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 24,408.11 .................... . ................... .................... 24,408.11 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,308.50 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,308.50 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 701.93 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 701.93 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 742.43 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 742.43 Sasha Baker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,204.61 .................... . ................... .................... 18,204.61 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.018 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2648 May 14, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,072.43 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,072.43 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 581.47 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 581.47 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 710.73 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 710.73 Delegation Expenses:* Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 1,370.21 .................. .. 1,018.72 .................... 2,388.93 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 570.47 .................... .... ................ .................... 570.47 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 670.24 .................... 670.24 Senator David Perdue: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 280.77 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 280.77 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,082.17 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,082.17 Caitlin Poling: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 280.77 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 280.77 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,082.17 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,082.17 Senator Ben Sasse: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 238.31 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 238.31 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 941.50 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 941.50 Delegation Expenses:* South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 867.88 .................... 736. 50 .................... 1,604.38 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 595.80 .................... 7,43 8.06 .................... 8,033.86 Jonathan Epstein: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,868.71 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,868.71 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 875.91 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 875.91 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 509.36 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 509.36 Jackie Kerber: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,868.71 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,868.71 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 921.18 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 921.18 Ozge Guzelsu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,345.91 .................... . ................... .................... 11,345.91 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 228.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 228.00 Delegation Expenses:* South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,245.09 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,245.09 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 2,804.46 .................... 2,804.46 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,528.61 .................... . ................... .................... 11,528.61 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 692.53 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 692.53 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,113.35 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,113.35 Rachel Hoff: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,286.61 .................... . ................... .................... 16,286.61 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 733.53 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 733.53 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,141.02 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,141.02 Ozge Guzelsu: Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 902.00 .................... .................... .................... ..
.................. .................... 902.00 Delegation Expenses:* Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 978.31 .................... 18 0.85 .................... 1,159.16 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,077.58 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,077.58 Matthew Lampert: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,463.81 .................... . ................... .................... 17,463.81 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 190.48 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 190.48 Kazakhstan ............................................................................................... Tenge ................. ................................... .................... 805.73 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 805.73 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,543.81 .................... . ................... .................... 17,543.81 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 190.48 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 190.48 Kazakhstan ............................................................................................... Tenge ................. ................................... .................... 715.25 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 715.25 Delegation Expenses:* Kazakhstan ............................................................................................... Tenge ................. ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 61.47 .................... 61.47 Samantha Clark: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,980.69 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,980.69 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,964.29 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,964.29 Gwyneth Woolwine: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,980.69 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,980.69 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,323.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,323.30 Delegation Expenses:* Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,961.84 .................... .................... .................... 3,961.84 William Quinn: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,748.71 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,748.71 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 479.66 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 479.66 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 636.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 636.10 Delegation Expenses:* Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 59.75 .................... 59.75 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Lira .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 47.67 .................... 47.67 Senator Thom Tillis: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,841.61 .................... . ................... .................... 10,841.61 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 292.19 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 292.19 Charles Bo Prosch: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,841.61 .................... . ................... .................... 10,841.61 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 287.31 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 287.31 Delegation Expenses:* Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,275.11 ................ .... 811.00 .................... 2,086.11 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 67,756.91 .................... 456,093.00 .................... 56,2 12.90 .................... 580,062.81 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN McCAIN,Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Apr. 27, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Kristen Orthman: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 554.00 .................... .................... .................... 333.12 .................... 887.12 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 396.00 .................... .................... .................... 150. 94 .................... 546.94 China ........................................................................................................ Yuan RMB .......... .................................. .................... 338.00 .................... .................... .................... 200.68  .................... 538.68 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,286.51 .................... . ................... .................... 18,286.51 Senator C. Cortez Masto: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 717.27 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 717.27 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 294.34 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 294.34 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.018 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2649 May 14, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,868.83 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,868.83 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 367.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 367.14 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,535.58 .................... 18,286.51 .................... 684.74  .................... 23,506.83 
SENATOR MIKE CRAPO, Chairman, Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, Apr. 27, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Mike Enzi: Germany .................................................................................................... EUR ................. ...................................... .................... 60.56 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 60.56 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 325.54 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 325.54 Burundi ..................................................................................................... Francs ............. ...................................... .................... 194.53 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 194.53 Tanzania ................................................................................................... TZS ................. ...................................... .................... 616.99 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 616.99 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Francs .............. ..................................... .................... 243.38 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 243.38 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 328.62 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 328.62 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 775.38 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 775.38 Spain ......................................................................................................... EUR .............. ......................................... .................... 290.26 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 290.26 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 2,835.26 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 2,835.26 
SENATOR MICHAEL ENZI,Chairman, Committee on the Budget, May 25, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Thune: United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 1,764.00 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,764.00 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 950.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 950.00 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 458.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 458.00 Delegation Expenses:* United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 501.51 .................... 501.51 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 278.15 .................... 278.15 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 3,453.19 .................... 3,453.19 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,294.67 .................... 1,294.67 Crystal Tully: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,383.01 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,383.01 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 254.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 254.00 Delegation Expenses:* Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 236.19 .................... 236.19 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 3,426.00 .................... 1,383.01 .................... 5,763.7 1 .................... 10,572.72 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN THUNE, Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, Apr. 27, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Lisa Murkowski: Palau ......................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 747.28 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 747.28 Marshall Islands ....................................................................................... Dollar .................. .................................. .................... 41.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 41.00 Isaac Edwards: Palau ......................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 762.48 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 762.48 Marshall Islands ....................................................................................... Dollar .................. .................................. .................... 41.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 41.00 Delegation Expenses:* Palau ......................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 3,899.12 .................... 3,899.12 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,591.76 .................... .................... ................ .... 3,899.12 .................... 5,490.88 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR LISA MURKOWSKI, Chairman, Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, Apr. 24, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.018 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2650 May 14, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Tammy Duckworth: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,032.54 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,032.54 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 804.79 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 804.79 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 431.80 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 431.80 James Jarosz: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,032.54 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,032.54 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 835.37 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 835.37 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 483.80 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 483.80 Courtenay Raymond: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,032.54 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,032.54 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 784.75 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 784.75 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 409.44 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 409.44 Delegation Expenses:* South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,559.31 .................... 1,559.31 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,330.80 .................... 1,330.80 Senator Dan Sullivan: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 957.21 .................... .... ................ .................... 957.21 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 318.81 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 318.81 Michael Anderson: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 957.21 .................... .... ................ .................... 957.21 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 318.82 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 318.82 Delegation Expenses:* Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 220.28 .................... 220.28 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,387.58 .................... 23,012.04 .................... 3,110. 39 .................... 30,510.01 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN BARRASSO, Chairman, Committee on Environment & Public Works, Apr. 27, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Bill Cassidy: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 649.70 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 649.70 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 228.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 228.61 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,238.89 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,238.89 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 304.01 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 304.01 Senator Michael Bennet: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 860.70 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 860.70 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 35.00 .................... ..... ............... .................... 35.00 Maria Mahler-Haug: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 870.10 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 870.10 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,138.71 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,138.71 Senator Ron Wyden: Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,655.01 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,655.01 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 535.86 .................... .... ................ .................... 535.86 Benjamin Widness: Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,391.61 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,391.61 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 37,191.00 .................... . ................... .................... 37,191.00 Shane Warren: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 687.70 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 687.70 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,914.30 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,914.30 Douglas Petersen: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 648.73 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 648.73 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,871.38 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,871.38 Greta Peisch: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 890.78 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 890.78 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,934.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,934.26 Jayme White: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 716.82 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 716.82 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,421.99 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,421.99 Jay Khosia: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,142.39 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,142.39 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 24.84 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 24.84 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,293.43 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,293.43 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,783.01 .................... . ................... .................... 12,783.01 Jeffrey Wrase: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,553.10 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,553.10 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,224.96 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,224,96 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,060.61 .................... . ................... .................... 11,060.61 Jennifer Acuna: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,648.97 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,648.97 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 12.92 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 12.92 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,490.29 .................... .................... .................... .......
............. .................... 1,490.29 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,060.61 .................... . ................... .................... 11,060.61 Mark Prater: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,390.11 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,390.11 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 11.68 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 11.68 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 781.30 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 781.30 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,056.61 .................... . ................... .................... 11,056.61 Delegation Expenses:* United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 1,957.00 .................... 1,957.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,185.45 .................... 1,185.45 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,257.00 .................... 1,257.00 Douglas Petersen: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,048.28 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,048.28 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 461.38 .................... .... ................ .................... 461.38 Rory Heslington: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 939.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 939.92 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 461.38 .................... .... ................ .................... 461.38 Greta Peisch: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,106.75 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,106.75 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 461.38 .................... .... ................ .................... 461.38 Jayme White: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 973.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 973.87 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.018 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2651 May 14, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 461.38 .................... .... ................ .................... 461.38 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 24,785.47 .................... 97,848.86 .................... 4,399 .45 .................... 127,033.78 
* Delegation Expenses include transportation, as well as official expenses in accordance with the responsibilities of the host c ountry. SENATOR ORRIN HATCH,Chairman, Committee on Finance, Apr. 12, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Christopher Coons: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 398.59 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 398.59 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 303.22 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 303.22 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,763.28 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,763.28 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 339.65 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 339.65 Tom Mancinelli: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 423.59 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 423.59 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 275.35 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 275.35 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,786.28 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,786.28 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 324.57 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 324.57 Senator Jeff Flake: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 465.21 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 465.21 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 450.86 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 450.86 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,940.33 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,940.33 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 405.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 405.14 Senator Cory Gardner: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 538.80 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 538.80 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 467.36 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 467.36 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 2,185.95 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 2,185.95 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 335.07 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 335.07 Delegation Expenses:* United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Euro ..................... ................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 1,544.03 .................... 1,544.03 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,761.18 .................... 1,761.18 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 11,344.35 .................... 11,344.35 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 4,271.60 .................... 4,271.60 Senator Bob Corker: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Euro ................. ..................................... .................... 2,341.20 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 2,341.20 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,443.21 .................... . ................... .................... 13,443.21 Todd Womack: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Euro ................. ..................................... .................... 2,043.86 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 2,043.86 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,143.61 .................... . ................... .................... 16,143.61 David Kinzler: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Euro ................. ..................................... .................... 539.79 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 539.79 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,597.71 .................... . ................... .................... 12,597.71 Delegation Expenses:* Switzerland ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 7,139.82 .................... 7,139.82 Senator Jeff Flake: Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 705.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 705.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,794.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,794.86 Chandler Morse: Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 1,641.30 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,641.30 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,378.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,378.66 Delegation Expenses:* Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 842.00 .................... 842.00 Senator Ron Johnson: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 491.22 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 491.22 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Serbian Dinar .... ................................... .................... 456.96 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 456.96 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 18.12 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 18.12 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,107.51 .................... . ................... .................... 13,107.51 Lydia Westlake: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 540.98 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 540.98 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Serbian Dinar .... ................................... .................... 447.95 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 447.95 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 72.93 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 72.93 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,919.11 .................... . ................... .................... 11,919.11 Delegation Expenses:* Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 7,529.42 .................... 7,529.42 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Serbian Dinar .... ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 2,362.00 .................... 2,362.00 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,014.00 .................... 1,014.00 Senator Jeff Merkley: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 917.90 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 917.90 Senator Jim Risch: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,018.63 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,018.63 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,957.81 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,957.81 Chris Socha: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 714.93 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 714.93 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,068.71 .................... . ................... .................... 13,068.71 Delegation Expenses:* Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 11,294.13 .................... 11,294.13 Senator Christopher Murphy: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,172.56 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,172.56 Macedonia ................................................................................................. Euro ................. ..................................... .................... 202.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 202.50 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,609.41 .................... . ................... .................... 12,609.41 Jessica Elledge: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,207.56 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,207.56 Macedonia ................................................................................................. Euro ................. ..................................... .................... 367.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 367.50 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,609.41 .................... . ................... .................... 12,609.41 Delegation Expenses:* Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 3,284.42 .................... 3,284.42 Macedonia ................................................................................................. Euro ................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 868.00 .................... 868.00 Brooke Eisele: India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 2,001.93 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,001.93 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,054.81 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,054.81 Emily Manning: India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ...........
........................................ .................... 2,145.93 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,145.93 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,836.01 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,836.01 Grant Mullins: India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 2,165.94 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,165.94 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.018 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2652 May 14, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,826.01 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,826.01 Delegation Expenses:* India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 400.00 .................... 400.00 Clyde Hicks: Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 1,005.95 .................... 1,442.37 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,448.32 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 729.18 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 729.18 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,165.61 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,165.61 Delegation Expenses:* Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Rupee ................. .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 1,684.87 .................... 1,684.87 Caleb McCarry: Venezuela .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,552.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,552.87 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,383.29 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,383.29 Delegation Expenses:* Venezuela .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 120.86 .................... 120.86 Michael Phelan: Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Nigerian Naira .... .................................. .................... 516.00 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 516.00 Democratic Republic of Congo ................................................................. Congolese Franc ................... ................ .................... 841.80 .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 841.80 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,330.96 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,330.96 Democratic Republic of Congo ................................................................. Congolese Franc ................... ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 154.81 .... ................ 154.81 Lowell Schwartz: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,524.70 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,524.70 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 672.82 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 672.82 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Euro ..................... ................................. .................... 993.36 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 993.36 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,375.11 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,375.11 Delegation Expenses:* France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 2,316.00 .................... 2,316.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 139.49 .................... 139.49 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Euro ..................... ................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 440.00 .................... 440.00 Eric Trager: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 362.71 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 362.71 Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Kron .................... .................................. .................... 676.07 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 676.07 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,448.21 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,448.21 Delegation Expenses:* Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 365.35 .................... 365.35 Eric Trager: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 346.20 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 346.20 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 27.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 27.16 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 409.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 409.10 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,812.11 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,812.11 Chris Barr: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 269.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 269.00 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 123.19 .................... .................... ..................
.. .................... .................... 123.19 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 332.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 332.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,812.19 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,812.19 Delegation Expenses:* Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 50.00 .................... 50.00 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 18,600.00 .................... 18,600.00 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 91.00 .................... 91.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 44,000.05 .................... 170,116.69 .................... 77,6 17.33 .................... 291,734.07 
*Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR BOB CORKER, Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, Apr. 27, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY & GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Margaret Wood Hassan: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 411.36 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 411.36 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 374.54 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 374.54 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,815.46 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,815.46 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 269.32 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 269.32 Senator Ron Johnson: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 407.09 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 407.09 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,582.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,582.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 231.48 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 231.48 Jason Thielman: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 407.09 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 407.09 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,582.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,582.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 209.28 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 209.28 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 7,289.62 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 7,289.62 
SENATOR RON JOHNSON, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, Apr. 30, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Sheldon Whitehouse: Germany .................................................................................... Euro ................................ ...................... .................... 914.97 .................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... 914.97 Christopher Mewett: Germany .................................................................................... Euro ................................ ...................... .................... 965.27 .................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... 965.27 Delegation Expenses: * Germany .................................................................................... Euro ................................ ...................... .................... .................... .................... 3,621.31 .................... 4,615.70 ....... ............. 8,237.01 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.018 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2653 May 14, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Total ..................................................................................... ..................................... .......................... .................... 1,880.24 .................... 3,621.31 .................... 4,615.70 .............. ...... 10,117.25 
* Delgation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutual  Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR CHUCK GRASSLEY,Chairman, Committee on Judiciary, Apr. 27, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Ryan White ........................................................................................................ Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 94.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 94.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,949.00  .................... .................... .................... 12,949.00 James Catella .................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 54.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 54.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,949.00  .................... .................... .................... 12,949.00 Michael Casey ................................................................................................... Dollar ......... ........................................... .................... 102.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 102.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,558.32  .................... .................... .................... 12,558.32 Delegation Expenses* ........................................................................................ ................... ............................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. 144.92 .................... 144.92 Senator Richard Burr ........................................................................................ Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 402.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 402.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 507.58 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 507.58 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,3 26.00 .................... .................... .................... 10,326.00 Christopher Joyner ............................................................................................. Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 402.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 402.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 507.58 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 507.58 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,3 50.26 .................... .................... .................... 10,350.26 Christian Cook ................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 402.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 402.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 507.85 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 507.85 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,3 50.26 .................... .................... .................... 10,350.26 Delegation Expenses* ........................................................................................ ................... ............................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. 365.60 .................... 365.60 Senator James Lankford .................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 216.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 216.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 412.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 412.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 277.45 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 277.45 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,32 7.03 .................... .................... .................... 3,327.03 Jacob Barton ...................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 216.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 216.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 412.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 412.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 277.45 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 277.45 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,41 5.74 .................... .................... .................... 3,415.74 Adam Ferris ....................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 216.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 216.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 412.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 412.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 277.45 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 277.45 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,14 6.90 .................... .................... .................... 3,146.90 Delegation Expenses* ........................................................................................ ................... ............................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. 3,204.93 .................... 3,204.93 Senator Richard Burr ........................................................................................ Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 1,764.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,764.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 950.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 950.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 485.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 485.00 Senator Joe Manchin ......................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 1,677.34 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,677.34 Dollar .................................................... .................... 950.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 950.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 458.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 458.00 Senator John Cornyn .......................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 1,764.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,764.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 950.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 950.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 458.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 458.00 Senator Tom Cotton ........................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 1,299.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,299.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 950.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 950.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 458.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 458.00 Senator John Thune ........................................................................................... Dollar ............
........................................ .................... 1,764.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,764.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 950.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 950.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 458.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 458.00 Christian Cook ................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 1,764.00 .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... 1,764.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 950.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 950.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 317.00 Ricky Nussio ...................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 1,676.83 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 1,676.83 Dollar .................................................... .................... 950.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 950.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 317.00 David Hanke ...................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 1,764.00 .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... 1,764.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 950.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 950.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 317.00 Ryan Tully .......................................................................................................... Dollar ..... ............................................... .................... 1,744.00 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 1,744.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 950.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 950.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 317.00 Kelsey Bailey ...................................................................................................... Dollar ...... .............................................. .................... 1,755.84 .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 1,755.84 Dollar .................................................... .................... 950.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 950.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 317.00 Delegation Expenses* ........................................................................................ Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 32,402.40 .................. .. .................... .................... 32,402.40 Senator Tom Cotton ........................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 726.97 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 726.97 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,337.81 .................... .................... .................... 5,337.81 Ryan Tully .......................................................................................................... Dollar ..... ............................................... .................... 726.97 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 726.97 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,958.50 .................... .................... .................... 1,958.50 Delegation Expenses* ........................................................................................ Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,206.00 .................... 1,206.00 Ryan White ........................................................................................................ Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 1,115.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 1,115.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 381.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 381.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 780.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 780.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,323.00  .................... .................... .................... 14,323.00 John Matchison .................................................................................................. Dollar ......... ........................................... .................... 1,097.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,097.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 381.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 381.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 780.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 780.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,232.00  .................... .................... .................... 14,232.00 Jacob Barton ...................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 249.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 249.00 Delegation Expenses* ........................................................................................ Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 85.00 .................... 85.00 Dan Burgess ...................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 842.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 842.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,164.80 .................... .................... .................... 5,164.80 Jacob Barton ...................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 962.11 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 962.11 Emily Harding .................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 382.60 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 382.60 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,465.71  .................... .................... .................... 12,465.71 Ryan Tully .......................................................................................................... Dollar ..... ............................................... .................... 382.60 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 382.60 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,465.71  .................... .................... .................... 12,465.71 Brett Freedman .................................................................................................. Dollar ......... ........................................... .................... 382.60 .................... .................... .................
... .................... .................... 382.60 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,465.71  .................... .................... .................... 12,465.71 Delegation Expenses* ........................................................................................ Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,768.83 .................... 2,768.83 Brian Walsh ....................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 1,006.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 1,006.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.018 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2654 May 14, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,478.41 .................... .................... .................... 7,478.41 Ricky Nussio ...................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 1,006.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 1,006.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,478.41 .................... .................... .................... 7,478.41 Delegation Expenses* ........................................................................................ Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,705.00 .................... 1,705.00 James Catella .................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 249.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 249.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... 165.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 165.00 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,880.86 .................... .................... .................... 7,880.86 Delegation Expenses* ........................................................................................ Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 139.60 .................... 139.60 Jacob Barton ...................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 1,221.27 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 1,221.27 Dollar .................................................... .................... 1,060.11 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,060.11 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,960.81 .................... .................... .................... 8,960.81 Ryan White ........................................................................................................ Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 1,221.27 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 1,221.27 Dollar .................................................... .................... 1,060.11 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,060.11 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,362.81 .................... .................... .................... 8,362.81 John Matchison .................................................................................................. Dollar ......... ........................................... .................... 1,221.27 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,221.27 Dollar .................................................... .................... 1,060.11 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,060.11 Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,397.81 .................... .................... .................... 8,397.81 Delegation Expenses* ........................................................................................ Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,049.30 .................... 1,049.30 
Total ................................................................................................................... ....... ........................................................ .................... 54,529.36 .................... 206,344.86 .......... .......... 43,071.58 .................... 303,945.80 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RICHARD BURR,Chairman, Committee on Intelligence, May 4, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Kyle Parker: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,452.11 .................... 12,585.81 .................... ........ ............ .................... 14,037.92 Robert Hand: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,859.65 .................... 1,650.81 .................... ......... ........... .................... 3,510.46 Alex Tiersky: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,452.11 .................... 1,876.31 .................... ......... ........... .................... 3,328.42 Delegation Expenses:* Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,781.18 .................... 1,781.18 Alex Tiersky: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 583.38 .................... 12,134.81 .................... ........... ......... .................... 12,718.19 Delegation Expenses:* Robert Hand: Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 1,987.00 .................... 1,993.12 .................... .......... .......... .................... 3,980.12 Scott Rauland: Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 1,211.00 .................... 9,817.31 .................... .......... .......... .................... 11,028.31 Delegation Expenses:* Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 492.00 .................... 492.00 Mischa Thompson: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 2,600.00 .................... 16,894.31 .................... ......... ........... .................... 19,494.31 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,926.45 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,926.45 The Netherlands ....................................................................................... Euro ..................... ................................. .................... 1,382.81 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 1,382.81 Nathaniel Hurd: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 790.00 .................... 2,080.31 .................... ........ ............ .................... 2,870.31 Delegation Expenses:* Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 125.63 .................... 125.63 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... .................... The Netherlands ....................................................................................... Euro ..................... ................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... Janice Helwig: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zioty ............. ......................................... .................... 183.66 .................... 1,393.40 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,577.06 Delegation Expenses:* Poland ....................................................................................................... Zioty ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 653.02 .................... 653.02 Paul Massaro: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 2,945.00 .................... 12,207.71 .................... ........ ............ .................... 15,152.71 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 500.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 500.00 Delegation Expenses:* France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 342.00 .................... 342.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,048.23 .................... 1,048.23 Everett Price: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,573.33 .................... 12,847.11 .................... ........ ............ .................... 14,420.44 Delegation Expenses:* Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 102.83 .................... 102.83 Mischa Thompson: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 2,139.67 .................... 14,156.11 .................... ..... ............... .................... 16,295.78 Erika Schlager: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,928.67 .................... 13,504.21 .................... ..... ............... .................... 15,432.88 Delegation Expenses:* Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,679.36 .................... 1,679.36 Janice Helwig: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 26,270.00 .................... 12,446.81 .................... .......
............. .................... 38,716.81 Delegation Expenses:* Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... ....................
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 50,784.84 .................... 125,588.14 .................... 6,22 4.25 .................... 182,597.23 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursement to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutual  Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR ROGER WICKER, Chairman, Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe. Apr. 24, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.018 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2655 May 14, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), THE MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Thomas Hawkins: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,385.26 .................... . ................... .................... 10,385.26 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 318.50 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 318.50 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 424.08 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 424.08 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 742.58 .................... 10,385.26 .................... ........ ............ .................... 11,127.84 
SENATOR MITCH McCONNELL,Majority Leader, Apr. 4, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), DEMOCRATIC LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Michael Kuiken: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,485.56 .................... . ................... .................... 12,485.56 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 139.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 139.00 Dr. Brian Monahan: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,962.64 .................... .. .................. .................... 6.962.64 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 754.64 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 754.64 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 493.34 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 493.34 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 376.91 .................... .... ................ .................... 376.91 Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,601.20 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,601.20 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 2,988.18 .................... 19,825.11 .................... ...... .............. .................... 22,813.29 
SENATOR CHARLES SCHUMER,Democratic Leader, Apr. 11, 2018. 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, upon the recommendation of the majority leader, pursuant to Public Law 105–292, as amended by Public Law 106–55, Public Law 107–228, and Public Law 112–75, appoints the following indi-vidual to the United States Commis-sion on International Religious Free-dom: Anthony (Tony) R. Perkins of Louisiana. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 15, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 15; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I further ask that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Carson nomination under the previous order. Finally, I ask that the Senate recess following disposition of the Nalbandian nomination until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly con-ference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:45 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, May 15, 2018, at 10 a.m. f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate May 14, 2018: 
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL  
INTELLIGENCE  
MICHAEL K. ATKINSON, OF MARYLAND, TO BE INSPEC-TOR GENERAL OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY, OF-FICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE. 
THE JUDICIARY  
MICHAEL Y. SCUDDER, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SEVENTH CIRCUIT. AMY J. ST. EVE, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SEVENTH CIRCUIT. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.018 S14MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE639 May 14, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 15, 2018 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 16 9:15 a.m. Select Committee on Intelligence Closed business meeting to consider pending business; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing to exam-ine certain intelligence matters. SH–219 9:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Environmental Protection Agency. SD–124 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Joseph Ryan Gruters, of Flor-ida, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, Jennifer L. Homendy, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and Heidi R. King, of California, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion, Department of Transportation. SR–253 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider the nomi-nation of Francis R. Fannon, of Vir-ginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Energy Resources); to be imme-diately followed by a hearing to exam-ine S.J. Res. 59, to authorize the use of military force against the Taliban, al Qaeda, the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, and designated associated forces, and to provide an updated, transparent, and sustainable statutory basis for counterterrorism operations. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine Cambridge Analytica and the future of data pri-vacy. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Federal Bureau of Investigation; to be immediately fol-lowed by a closed session in SVC–217. SD–138 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Home-land Security To hold hearings to examine the role of the Department of Homeland Security in stopping the flow of opioids, methamphetamines, and other dan-gerous drugs. SD–192 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine the future of the International Space Station; fo-cusing on Administration perspectives. SR–253 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 1400, to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protections of Native Amer-ican tangible cultural heritage, and S. 2804, to provide for the reform and con-tinuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture for Indian Country; to be im-mediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine safety and security at Bureau of Indian Education schools. SD–628 3:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine railroad safety initiatives. SD–124 Joint Committee on Printing Organizational business meeting for the 115th Congress. S–219 3:45 p.m. Joint Committee on the Library Organizational business meeting for the 115th Congress. S–219 MAY 17 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of the Air Force. SD–192 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the National Insti-tutes of Health. SD–124 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Federal Commu-nications Commission and the Federal Trade Commission. SD–138 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Business meeting to consider pending calendar business. SD–366 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2645, to establish a demonstration program under which the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration provides grants to certain States to enable those States to in-crease participation in drug take-back programs, S. 2535, to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to strengthen Drug Enforcement Administration dis-cretion in setting opioid quotas, S. 2789, to prevent substance abuse and re-duce demand for illicit narcotics, S. 207, to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act relating to controlled sub-stance analogues, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Using Data to Prevent Opioid Di-version Act of 2018’’, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Preventing Drug Diversion Act of 2018’’, and the nominations of An-drew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Cir-cuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Michael J. Truncale, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Lou-isiana, and Erica H. MacDonald, to be United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota, Department of Justice. SD–226 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the promise of Opportunity Zones. SH–216 Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans To hold hearings to examine the struc-ture and financial outlook of the Pen-sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation. SD–215 10:15 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public 
Works To hold hearings to examine S. 2800, to provide for the conservation and devel-opment of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for im-provements to rivers and harbors of the United States. SD–406 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M14MY8.000 E14MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE640 May 14, 2018 
2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters. SH–219 MAY 21 5 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A MAY 22 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the healthcare workforce, focusing on ad-dressing shortages and improving care. SD–430 11 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel Business meeting to markup those provi-sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SH–216 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A 4:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A 5:15 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A MAY 23 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to markup the proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–222 MAY 24 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–222 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019 for the Department of State. SD–419 MAY 25 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M14MY8.000 E14MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
D515 Monday, May 14, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2633–S2655 Measures Introduced: Three bills were introduced, as follows: S. 2835–2837.
                             Pages S2642–43 
Measures Reported: S. 2315, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to certain nonprescription drugs that are marketed without an approved new drug applica-tion, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                                             Page S2642 
Appointments: United States Commission on International Re-ligious Freedom: The Chair, on behalf of the Presi-dent pro tempore, upon the recommendation of the Majority Leader, pursuant to Public Law 105–292, as amended by Public Law 106–55, Public Law 107–228, and Public Law 112–75, appointed the following individual to the United States Commis-sion on International Religious Freedom: Anthony (Tony) R. Perkins of Louisiana.
                          Page S2655 
Carson Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit.
                                Page S2639 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, under the order of Thursday, May 10, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S2655 Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By a unanimous vote of 90 yeas (Vote No. EX. 92), Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. 
                                                                      Pages S2633–38, S2655 
By a unanimous vote of 91 yeas (Vote No. EX. 93), Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. 
                                                                      Pages S2638–39, S2655 
Michael K. Atkinson, of Maryland, to be Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
      Pages S2639, S2655 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2641 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2641 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2641–42 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2643–44 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2644–45 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S2641 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—93)
                                                           Pages S2638–39 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:45 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, May 15, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2655.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY8.REC D14MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD516 May 14, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, May 15, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 15, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Army, 10 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Senate Sergeant at Arms and the Capitol Police, 4 p.m., SD–138. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider the nominations of Thelma Drake, of Virginia, to be Federal Transit Administrator, Department of Transportation, Jeffrey Nadaner, of Mary-land, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, and Seth Daniel Appleton, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nominations of Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and Michelle Bowman, of Kan-sas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Communications, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine trends in mobile technologies, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the nomination of Aimee Kathryn Jorjani, of Wisconsin, to be Chairman of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine American leadership in the Asia Pacific, focusing on the Asia Reassurance Initiative Act, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine oversight reports on the 340B Drug Pricing Program, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine authorities and resources needed to protect and secure the United States, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine protecting and promoting music creation for the 21st century, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold hearings to examine the state of small business in Amer-ica, focusing on an update from the Small Business Ad-ministration, 3:30 p.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of William R. Evanina, of Pennsyl-vania, to be Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, markup on the FY 2019 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Bill, 5:30 p.m., 2007 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 2, the ‘‘Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’ [General Debate]; H.R. 5698, the ‘‘Protect and Serve Act of 2018’’; and S. 2372, the ‘‘Veterans Cemetery Benefit Cor-rection Act’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of May 15 through May 18, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mex-ico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12 noon. Following disposition of the Carson nomination, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, and vote on confirmation of the nomination. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: May 15, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Army, 10 a.m., SD–192. May 15, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2019 for the Senate Sergeant at Arms and the Capitol Police, 4 p.m., SD–138. May 16, Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY8.REC D14MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D517 May 14, 2018 examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Environmental Protection Agen-cy, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. May 16, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Federal Bureau of Investigation; to be im-mediately followed by a closed session in SVC–217, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. May 16, Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security, to hold hearings to examine the role of the De-partment of Homeland Security in stopping the flow of opioids, methamphetamines, and other dangerous drugs, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. May 16, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine railroad safety initiatives, 3:30 p.m., SD–124. May 17, Subcommittee on Financial Services and Gen-eral Government, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Trade Commission, 10 a.m., SD–138. May 17, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Na-tional Institutes of Health, 10 a.m., SD–124. May 17, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of the Air Force, 10 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: May 15, business meeting to consider the nominations of Thelma Drake, of Virginia, to be Federal Transit Admin-istrator, Department of Transportation, Jeffrey Nadaner, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, and Seth Daniel Appleton, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; to be im-mediately followed by a hearing to examine the nomina-tions of Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, and to be a Member of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, and Michelle Bow-man, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: May 15, Subcommittee on Communications, Technology, In-novation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine trends in mobile technologies, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. May 16, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Joseph Ryan Gruters, of Florida, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, Jennifer L. Homendy, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and Heidi R. King, of Cali-fornia, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Department of Transpor-tation, 10 a.m., SR–253. May 16, Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Com-petitiveness, to hold hearings to examine the future of the International Space Station; focusing on Administration perspectives, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: May 15, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Aimee Kath-ryn Jorjani, of Wisconsin, to be Chairman of the Advi-sory Council on Historic Preservation, 10 a.m., SD–366. May 17, Full Committee, business meeting to consider pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: May 17, to hold hearings to examine S. 2800, to provide for the con-servation and development of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct var-ious projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, 10:15 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: May 15, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine American leadership in the Asia Pacific, focusing on the Asia Reassurance Ini-tiative Act, 10 a.m., SD–419. May 16, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nomination of Francis R. Fannon, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Energy Resources); to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine S.J. Res. 59, to authorize the use of military force against the Taliban, al Qaeda, the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, and designated associated forces, and to provide an up-dated, transparent, and sustainable statutory basis for counterterrorism operations, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: May 15, to hold hearings to examine oversight reports on the 340B Drug Pricing Program, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: May 15, to hold hearings to examine authorities and re-sources needed to protect and secure the United States, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: May 16, business meeting to consider S. 1400, to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protections of Native American tangible cultural heritage, and S. 2804, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture for Indian Country; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine safety and security at Bureau of Indian Education schools, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: May 15, to hold hearings to examine protecting and promoting music creation for the 21st century, 10 a.m., SD–226. May 16, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine Cambridge Analytica and the future of data privacy, 10 a.m., SD–226. May 17, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2645, to establish a demonstration program under which the Drug Enforcement Administration provides grants to certain States to enable those States to increase participation in drug take-back programs, S. 2535, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to strengthen Drug Enforcement Administration discretion in setting opioid quotas, S. 2789, to prevent substance abuse and reduce demand for illicit narcotics, S. 207, to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act relating to controlled substance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY8.REC D14MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD518 May 14, 2018 analogues, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Using Data to Pre-vent Opioid Diversion Act of 2018’’, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Preventing Drug Diversion Act of 2018’’, and the nominations of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Mi-chael J. Truncale, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Erica H. MacDonald, to be United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: May 15, to hold hearings to examine the state of small business in America, focusing on an update from the Small Busi-ness Administration, 3:30 p.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: May 15, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of William R. Evanina, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the National Counter-intelligence and Security Center, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. May 16, Full Committee, closed business meeting to consider pending business; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing to examine certain intelligence matters, 9:15 a.m., SH–219. May 17, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, May 16, Full Committee, markup on the FY 2019 Energy and Water Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill; and the FY 2019 Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Bill, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. May 16, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, markup on the FY 2019 Transportation, Housing and Urban De-velopment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, 5 p.m., 2358–A Rayburn. May 17, Full Committee, markup on FY 2019 Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Bill, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, May 16, Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing entitled ‘‘Enhancing Retirement Security: Exam-ining Proposals to Simplify and Modernize Retirement Plan Administration’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. May 17, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Privacy, Promoting Data Security: Exploring How Schools and States Keep Data Safe’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Ray-burn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, May 16, Sub-committee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Telecommunications, Global Competitiveness, and National Security’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. May 16, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Legislation Addressing New Source Review Permit-ting Reform’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. May 18, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing on H.R. 2278, the ‘‘Responsible Disposal Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2389, to reauthorize the West Valley demonstration project and for other purposes, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. May 18, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Con-sumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Quantum Computing’’, 9:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, May 16, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Division of Enforce-ment’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. May 16, Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Fi-nance, hearing entitled ‘‘Implementation of FinCEN’s Customer Due Diligence Rule’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. May 17, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Community Development Block Grant-Disaster Recovery Program—Stakeholder Perspec-tives’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. May 17, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of Homelessness in Amer-ica’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, May 17, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5626, the ‘‘Intercountry Adoption Infor-mation Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5754, the ‘‘Cambodia De-mocracy Act’’; and legislation on the BURMA Act of 2018, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. May 17, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Global Health Supply Chain Manage-ment: Lessons Learned and Ways Forward’’, 1 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, May 16, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4627, the ‘‘Shielding Public Spaces from Vehicular Terrorism Act’’; H.R. 4991, the ‘‘Supporting Research and Development for First Re-sponders Act’’; H.R. 5206, the ‘‘Office of Biometric Iden-tity Management Authorization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5207, the ‘‘Immigration Advisory Program Authorization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5730, the ‘‘Transportation Security Technology Innovation Reform Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5731, the ‘‘Securing Our Schools Act’’; H.R. 5733, the ‘‘DHS Industrial Control Systems Capabilities Enhancement Act of 2018’’; legislation on the Joint Task Force to Combat Opioid Trafficking Act of 2018; and legislation on the Securing Public Areas of Transportation Facilities Act of 2018, 10 a.m., HVC–210. May 17, Subcommittee on Transportation and Protec-tive Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the TSA Check-point: The PreCheck Program and Airport Wait Times’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, May 16, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Capitol Visitor Cen-ter—Ten Years of Serving Congress and the American People’’, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, May 18, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Accountability for OPEC: H.R.———, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY8.REC D14MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D519 May 14, 2018 ‘No Oil Producing and Exporting Cartels Act’ ’’, 9:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, May 16, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 224, the ‘‘Polar Bear Conserva-tion and Fairness Act’’; H.R. 857, the ‘‘California Off- Road Recreation and Conservation Act’’; H.R. 3045, the ‘‘Eastern Legacy Extension Act’’; H.R. 3186, the ‘‘Every Kid Outdoors Act’’; H.R. 3916, the ‘‘FISH Act’’; and H.R. 4419, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation and Bureau of Indian Affairs Water Project Streamlining Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. May 17, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Impediments to Commerce and Innovative Injurious Species Management’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. May 17, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 2365, the ‘‘Desert Community Lands Act’’; H.R. 3777, the ‘‘Juab County Conveyance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4824, the ‘‘Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5023, the ‘‘Civil War Defenses of Washington National Historical Park Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, May 16, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Workforce for the 21st Century: Analyzing the President’s Management Agen-da’’, 1:30 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. May 17, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Sustain-able Solution to the Evolving Opioid Crisis: Revitalizing the Office of National Drug Control Policy’’, 10:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. May 18, Full Committee, continue hearing entitled ‘‘Progress Report on the 2020 Census’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, May 16, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 2, the ‘‘Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’ [Amendment Consideration], 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, May 16, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Using Technology to Ad-dress Climate Change’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. May 17, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Human Presence in Low-Earth Orbit’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, May 16, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Intellectual Property 101: How Small Business Owners Can Utilize Intellectual Property Protec-tions in Their Businesses’’, 2 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. May 17, Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘Hotline Truths II: Audit Reveals Incon-sistencies in Defense Subcontracting’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, May 16, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day: Testimony and Proposals on the Department of Veterans Affairs’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. May 17, Subcommittee on Health; and Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘VA Research: Focusing on Funding, Findings, and Part-nerships’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. May 17, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of VA’s Vocational Rehabili-tation and Employment Program’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, May 16, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Tax Reform: Growing Our Economy and Creating Jobs’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. May 16, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5774, the ‘‘Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals Act’’; H.R. 5775, the ‘‘Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educational Resources Act’’; H.R. 5776, the ‘‘Medi-care and Opioid Safe Treatment Act’’; H.R. 5773, the ‘‘Preventing Addiction for Susceptible Seniors Act’’; H.R. 5676, the ‘‘SENIOR Communities Protection Act’’; H.R. 5723, the ‘‘Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act’’; and legislation on Securing the Inter-national Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. May 17, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing en-titled ‘‘Securing Americans’ Identities: The Future of the Social Security Number’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, May 17, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘China’s Worldwide Mili-tary Expansion’’, 9 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: May 17, to hold hearings to examine the promise of Opportunity Zones, 10 a.m., SH–216. Joint Committee on the Library: May 16, organizational business meeting for the 115th Congress, 3:45 p.m., S–219, Capitol. Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: May 17, to hold hearings to examine the structure and financial outlook of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, 10 a.m., SD–215. Joint Committee on Printing: May 16, organizational busi-ness meeting for the 115th Congress, 3:30 p.m., S–219, Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY8.REC D14MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD520 May 14, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12 noon. Following disposition of the Carson nomination, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, and vote on confirmation of the nomination. (Senate will recess following disposition of the Nalbandian nomination until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party con-ferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, May 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14MY8.REC D14MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST