Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4697 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 2018 No. 86 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. A
MODEI ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 24, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ARK E. A
MODEI to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Almighty God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We pray for the gift of wisdom to all with great responsibility in this House for the leadership of our Nation. As the Members prepare to disperse to their various districts and our Na-tion enters a week which ends with Me-morial Day, may we all retreat from the busyness of life to remember our citizen ancestors who served our Na-tion in the armed services. Grant that their sacrifice of self, and for so many, of life, would inspire all of America’s citizens to step forward, in whatever their path of life, to make a positive contribution to the strength of our democracy. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done within these hal-lowed Halls be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
UR-
PHY) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONGRATULATING KAREN M
CGINNIS (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Karen McGinnis on her retirement. For the past 20 years, Karen has served as the director for what is known as the Hazardous Materials Management and Emergency Response Federal Training Center, or HAMMER, which is in my district at the Hanford Site in Richland. I have personally visited and can truly say HAMMER is a one-of-a-kind facility. I have witnessed the hands-on training they provide to Federal em-ployees, like Hanford workers and emergency responders who are de-ployed throughout our Nation. The services they provide to the Tri-Cities community and the country are essen-tial. Karen has worked to strengthen HAMMER’s partnerships with Federal and State agencies, Tribes, safety pro-fessionals, and community leaders. She focuses on worker health and prepared-ness, and she has a passion for em-ployee safety. Her leadership has made HAMMER one of the premier training centers in the world. As director, Karen has facilitated the training that makes it possible for the Federal Gov-ernment to fulfill its obligation to clean up the Hanford Site. I thank Karen for her dedication to HAMMER, and I wish her the best in her retirement. f 
AMERICA’S FAITH IN CONGRESS (Mrs. MURPHY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, the American people have little faith in Congress. They don’t trust Members to work together in a bipar-tisan way, to put public interest above self-interest, and to do their most basic job, which is to set a budget and be fis-cally responsible. Our Nation is strongest when our democratic institutions generate con-fidence, not cynicism, and when our leaders inspire pride, not pessimism. That is why Congressman F
ITZPATRICK  and I introduced the FAITH in Con-gress Act. It requires House leaders to prioritize bipartisan bills over partisan ones, be-cause we must put country over party. It abolishes automatic pay increases for Members of Congress, and it pro-hibits first-class travel at taxpayer ex-pense, because it is time we end these perks. It enacts a simple principle called no budget, no pay, which says that if Con-gress doesn’t pass a budget and appro-priations bills on time, Members don’t get paid, because the best way to stop incompetence is to stop rewarding it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.000 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4698 May 24, 2018 
Finally, it imposes a lifetime ban on former Members becoming lobbyists, because there should be no doubt that Members come to Congress to serve the public, not to line their own pockets. It is up to Congress to take the tough but necessary steps to earn the public’s trust. The American people’s faith in Congress has been damaged, and it is our job to repair it. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ERNIE SIMONS (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. Ernie Simons, a longtime Geor-gia resident, a brave hero of the Viet-nam war, and a dedicated public serv-ant who has worked tirelessly on be-half of the men and women who have served in our Armed Forces. Having first served as a marine in Vietnam, Mr. Simons continued to serve as an employee of the Georgia Department of Veterans Service. Dur-ing his 30 years there, he worked in a number of capacities, including as the director of the Georgia Veterans Me-morial Cemetery and director of the Health and Memorials division of the Georgia Department of Veterans Serv-ice. In April, the community renamed Veterans Drive, a road adjacent to the veterans home where Mr. Simons dedi-cated so many years, as Ernie Simons Veterans Way. There is perhaps no bet-ter tribute for a man who has given countless hours and his undivided at-tention to our local heroes than to have this road named in his honor. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please stand with me to honor the life and legacy of this Georgia hero, great-ly deserving the respect of all Ameri-cans. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF WOMEN AIRFORCE SERVICE PILOTS (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a very special group who will celebrate their 75th anniver-sary this Saturday in Sweetwater, Texas: the Women Airforce Service Pi-lots. When the forces of fascism and total-itarianism were upending the entire global order, it took every ounce of our Nation’s measure and every man and woman to win World War II. Following the attack on Pearl Har-bor, 28 female pilots volunteered to form America’s first female squadron. From 1942 to 1944, over 1,000 women trained to fly ‘‘the Army way’’ at Avenger Airfield in west Texas. As the first women to fly American military aircraft, they logged more than 60 million flight hours, flying every plane in the military’s arsenal. They ferried equipment, towed gunnery targets, and flight-tested aircraft, serv-ing at over 120 bases across America so we could win the war abroad. These brave ladies were vital to the war effort and, ultimately, to our vic-tory. Seventy-five years later, their legacy continues to inspire us all. God bless these female freedom fight-ers who served with less recognition than their male counterparts at the time, but with no less honor and dis-tinction. God bless America, and go west Texas. f 
DEMOCRACY REFORM (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, Presi-dent Trump promised to drain the swamp. In reality, he has made corrup-tion much worse here in Washington. Yesterday, we learned that a foreign government paid the President’s per-sonal attorney $400,000 for a meeting with President Trump; the Secretary of the Treasury requested a government plane for his honeymoon; the VA Sec-retary took a $125,000 taxpayer-funded trip to Europe with his spouse; and the Republicans who control Congress have done nothing about it. They are put-ting politics ahead of our country by turning a blind eye to this administra-tion’s corruption, and they are focus-ing on getting things done for their wealthy donors instead of their con-stituents. The culture of corruption must end. That is why, early this week, Demo-crats introduced A Better Deal for our democracy: a bold, comprehensive pro-posal to bolster our Nation’s ethics laws, overhaul our campaign finance system, and create more transparency and accountability so government works for all of the American people. That is the Better Deal the American people deserve; that is the Better Deal Democrats will deliver; and that is why Democrats are fighting for it. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OFFICER MARK DALLAS (Mr. KINZINGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent, Dixon Police Officer Mark Dallas, for his heroic actions during the shooting incident at Dixon High School last week. On the morning of Wednesday, May 16, a student opened fire inside Dixon High School. Without hesitation, Offi-cer Dallas chased down the student and returned fire. He disarmed the shooter and took him into custody. The swift, decisive actions by Officer Dallas demonstrate the difference be-tween a job and one’s calling. His fear-less sacrifices are core to who Mark is and who God called him to be. As more details emerge surrounding the shooting incident, one thing is cer-tain: Officer Dallas is an American hero. He stepped into harm’s way to prevent a terrible tragedy and saved countless lives. He heroically protected the students, including his own son Josh, the faculty and staff, and the en-tire Dixon community. Mr. Speaker, it is the men and women of our law enforcement, like Of-ficer Dallas, who embody the very best of who we are as a nation. The coura-geous service of America’s finest is truly the thin blue line between order and chaos. On behalf of the 16th District of Illi-nois, I thank Officer Mark Dallas for his bravery and heroism, for his stead-fast commitment to protection and serving, for being a role model to so many, and for making us all Dixon strong. f 
STOP HIDING THE TRUTH (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, while Democrats continue to focus on better jobs, better wages, and a better future for hardworking Americans, Repub-lican indifference to the chaos, crisis, and corruption in this town, for exam-ple, at the EPA, is at an all-time high. Why in the world, in the context of the fact that we have 17 different intel-ligence agencies who concluded that Russia interfered with the election and an ongoing investigation into whether the Trump campaign was involved in selling out our democracy, do some folks continue to try to undermine this investigation? The ongoing criminal inquiry is a le-gitimate undertaking. It is not a witch hunt. In fact, everyone leading that in-vestigation is a Republican: Bob Mueller, Republican; Rod Rosenstein, Republican; James Comey, Republican; Christopher Wray, Republican. What exactly are you all complaining about? It is time for the cover-up cau-cus in this institution to stop hiding the truth from the American people. 
f 
NATIONAL POPPY DAY (Mr. BOST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, on May 25, we celebrate National Poppy Day. After World War I, the poppy flour-ished in Europe. Scientists said the growth was because the soil in France and Belgium became enriched with lime from the rubble left by the war. From the dirt and mud grew beautiful red poppies. The red poppy came to symbolize the blood shared during battle following the publication of a wartime poem, ‘‘In Flanders Fields,’’ by Lieutenant Colo-nel John McCrae while serving on the front lines. The poppy honors those who served and died for our country in all wars and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.003 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4699 May 24, 2018 
reminds the American people of the sacrifices made by our veterans while protecting our freedom. To those who gave the ultimate sac-rifice, we say thank you. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 24, 2018. The Hon. P
AULD. R YAN The Speaker, U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 24, 2018, at 8:12 a.m.: That the Senate agrees to the House amendment to the bill. S. 2372. That the Senate agreed to without amend-ment H. Con. Res. 121. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on H.R. 5515. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 908 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5515. Will the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ) kindly take the chair. b0914 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. A
MODEI (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Wednes-day, May 23, 2018, amendments en bloc printed in House Report 115–702 offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) had been disposed of. b0915 AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 908, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 4 consisting of amendment Nos. 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106, 107, 108, and 109 printed in House Report 115–702, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 93 OFFERED BY MR . CUELLAR  
OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle B of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. CORE SAMPLING AT JOINT BASE SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS. 
(a) S ITE INVESTIGATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall conduct a core sampling study along the proposed route of the W-6 wastewater treatment line on Air Force real property, in compliance with best engineering practices, to deter-mine if any regulated or hazardous sub-stances are present in the soil along the pro-posed route. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the results of the core samples taken pursuant to subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 94 OFFERED BY MR . YARMUTH  
OF KENTUCKY  At the end of subtitle C of title XV, add the following new section: 
SEC. 15ll. ENDURING COSTS FUNDED THROUGH OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
Beginning with the submission of the an-nual budget for fiscal year 2020, and for each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to Congress, as a part of the documentation that supports the Presi-dent’s annual budget for the Department of Defense for such fiscal year (as submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code), an estimate for the costs of operations currently supported in part or in whole by funding for overseas con-tingency operations that are likely to con-tinue beyond such contingency. The Sec-retary shall ensure that each estimate is consistent with the recommendations in-cluded in the Government Accountability Report entitled ‘‘Overseas Contingency Oper-ations: OMB and DOD Should Revise the Cri-teria for Determining Eligible Costs and Identify the Costs Likely to Endure Long Term’’ published January 18, 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 95 OFFERED BY MR . SEAN  
PATRICK MALONEY OF NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. INFORMATION REGARDING COUNTY VETERANS SERVICE OFFICERS. 
(a) P ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary of Defense, and with respect to mem-bers of the Coast Guard, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, shall ensure that a member of the Armed Forces who is separating or retir-ing from the Armed Forces may elect to have the Department of Defense form DD–214 of the member transmitted to the appro-priate county veterans service officer based on the mailing address provided by the mem-ber. (b) D
ATABASE .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, shall maintain a database of all county veterans service officers. (c) COUNTY VETERANS SERVICE OFFICER DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘county veterans service officer’’ means an employee of a county government, local government, or Tribal government who is covered by sec-tion 14.629(a)(2) of title 38, Code of Federal Regulations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 96 OFFERED BY MR . CORREA OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll. STUDY ON RECRUITMENT OF STU-DENTS WITH EXPERIENCE IN CER-TAIN TECHNICAL FIELDS. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall conduct a study to determine how the Department of Defense can attract and recruit from institutions of higher edu-cation, including the institutions described in subsection (b), students with educational backgrounds in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics, including the fields of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and cybersecurity. (b) I
NSTITUTIONS DESCRIBED .—The institu-tions described in this subsection are— (1) Hispanic Serving Institutions (as de-fined in section 502 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1101a)); (2) Historically Black Colleges and Univer-sities (as defined in section 322 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1061)); and (3) Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institutions (as de-fined in Section 371(c) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1067q(c)). (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the results of the study conducted under sub-section (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 97 OFFERED BY MS . LEE OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle C of title XV, add the following new section: 
SEC. 15ll. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON USE OF FUNDS PROVIDED BY OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on how funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for overseas contingency oper-ations were obligated. (b) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
AMENDMENT NO . 98 OFFERED BY MR . 
ROHRABACHER OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO DR. SHAKIL AFRIDI. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The attacks of September 11, 2001, killed approximately 3,000 people, most of whom were Americans, but also included hundreds of individuals with foreign citizen-ships, nearly 350 New York Fire Department personnel, and about 50 law enforcement offi-cers. (2) Downed United Airlines flight 93 was re-portedly intended, under the control of the al-Qaeda high-jackers, to crash into the White House or the Capitol in an attempt to kill the President of the United States or Members of the United States Congress. (3) The September 11, 2001, attacks were largely planned and carried out by the al- Qaeda terrorist network led by Osama bin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.005 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4700 May 24, 2018 
Laden and his deputy Ayman al Zawahiri, after which Osama bin Laden enjoyed safe haven in Pakistan from where he continued to plot deadly attacks against the United States and the world. (4) Since 2001, the United States has pro-vided more than $30 billion in security and economic aid to Pakistan. (5) The United States very generously and swiftly responded to the 2005 Kashmir Earth-quake in Pakistan with more than $200 mil-lion in emergency aid and the support of sev-eral United States military aircraft, approxi-mately 1,000 United States military per-sonnel, including medical specialists, thou-sands of tents, blankets, water containers and a variety of other emergency equipment. (6) The United States again generously and swiftly contributed approximately $150 mil-lion in emergency aid to Pakistan following the 2010 Pakistan flood, in addition to the service of nearly twenty United States mili-tary helicopters, their flight crews, and other resources to assist the Pakistan Army’s relief efforts. (7) The United States continues to work tirelessly to support Pakistan’s economic de-velopment, including millions of dollars allo-cated towards the development of Pakistan’s energy infrastructure, health services and education system. (8) The United States and Pakistan con-tinue to have many critical shared interests, both economic and security related, which could be the foundation for a positive and mutually beneficial partnership. (9) Dr. Shakil Afridi, a Pakistani physi-cian, is a hero to whom the people of the United States, Pakistan and the world owe a debt of gratitude for his help in finally locat-ing Osama bin Laden before more innocent American, Pakistani and other lives were lost to this terrorist leader. (10) Pakistan, the United States and the international community had failed for near-ly 10 years following attacks of September 11, 2001, to locate and bring Osama bin Laden, who continued to kill innocent civil-ians in the Middle East, Asia, Europe, Africa and the United States, to justice without the help of Dr. Afridi. (11) The Government of Pakistan’s impris-onment of Dr. Afridi presents a serious and growing impediment to the United States’ bilateral relations with Pakistan. (12) The Government of Pakistan has lev-eled and allowed baseless charges against Dr. Afridi in a politically motivated, spurious legal process. (13) Dr. Afridi is currently imprisoned by the Government of Pakistan, a deplorable and unconscionable situation which calls into question Pakistan’s actual commitment to countering terrorism and undermines the notion that Pakistan is a true ally in the struggle against terrorism. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that Dr. Shakil Afridi is an inter-national hero and that the Government of Pakistan should release him immediately from prison. 
AMENDMENT NO . 99 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  On page 469, line 14, insert ‘‘, distributed ledger technologies,’’ after ‘‘quantum sciences’’. On page 469, line 21, insert ‘‘distributed ledger technologies,’’ after ‘‘quantum sciences,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 100 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
OF ILLINOIS  Page 201, after line 11, insert the following new section: SEC. 626. EXTENSION OF CERTAIN MORALE, WEL-FARE, AND RECREATION PRIVI-LEGES TO CERTAIN VETERANS AND THEIR CAREGIVERS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Purple Heart and Disabled Veterans Equal Access Act of 2018’’. (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) In 2017, the Secretary of Defense deter-mined that the addition of new patron cat-egories to the commissary and exchange sys-tems would support the growth of a robust customer base and help ensure the ability of both systems to provide benefits to members of the Armed Forces and their families. (2) The Secretary previously opposed ex-tending commissary and exchange privileges to large patron groups such as disabled vet-erans. (3) In January 2017, the Secretary of De-fense approved limited online exchange shop-ping privileges for all veterans, effective No-vember 11, 2017. (4) The Secretary determined that current patrons of exchanges did not perceive the ex-tension of such privileges as diluting the benefit for members of the Armed Forces. (5) The Purple Heart is the oldest military decoration, awarded to members of the Armed Forces who have been wounded or died in combat, fighting for the United States. Since the modern incarnation of the award was established in 1932, approximately 1,800,000 members of the Armed Forces have been awarded the Purple Heart. (c) C
OMMISSARY STORES AND MWR F ACILI -
TIES PRIVILEGES FOR CERTAIN VETERANS AND  V
ETERAN CAREGIVERS .— (1) E
XTENSION OF PRIVILEGES .—Chapter 54 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1065. Use of commissary stores and MWR facilities: certain veterans and caregivers for veterans ‘‘(a) E
LIGIBILITY OF VETERANS AWARDED  
THE PURPLE HEART .—A veteran who was awarded the Purple Heart shall be permitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY OF VETERANS WHOARE M
EDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENTS .—A veteran who is a Medal of Honor recipient shall be permitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a mem-ber of the armed forces entitled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY OF VETERANS WHOARE F
ORMER PRISONERS OF WAR.—A veteran who is a former prisoner of war shall be per-mitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to retired or re-tainer pay. ‘‘(d) E
LIGIBILITY OF VETERANS WITHSERV-
ICE-CONNECTED DISABILITIES .—A veteran with a service-connected disability shall be per-mitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to retired or re-tainer pay. ‘‘(e) E
LIGIBILITY OF CAREGIVERS FOR VET-
ERANS .—A caregiver or family caregiver shall be permitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to re-tired or retainer pay. ‘‘(f) U
SER FEEAUTHORITY .—(1) The Sec-retary of Defense shall prescribe regulations that impose a user fee on individuals who are eligible solely under this section to purchase merchandise at a commissary store or MWR retail facility. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall set the user fee under this subsection at a rate that the Sec-retary determines will offset any increase in expenses arising from this section borne by the Department of the Treasury on behalf of commissary stores associated with the use of credit or debit cards for customer purchases, including expenses related to card network use and related transaction processing fees. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall deposit funds col-lected pursuant to a user fee under this sub-section in the General Fund of the Treasury. ‘‘(4) Any fee under this subsection is in ad-dition to the uniform surcharge under sec-tion 2484(d) of this title. ‘‘(g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘MWR facilities’ includes— ‘‘(A) MWR retail facilities, as that term is defined in section 1063(e) of this title; and ‘‘(B) military lodging operated by the De-partment of Defense for the morale, welfare, and recreation of members of the armed forces. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Medal of Honor recipient’ has the meaning given that term in section 1074h(c) of this title. ‘‘(3) The terms ‘veteran’, ‘former prisoner of war’, and ‘service-connected’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of title 38. ‘‘(4) The terms ‘caregiver’ and ‘family care-giver’ have the meanings given those terms in section in section 1720G(d) of title 38.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 54 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘1065. Use of commissary stores and MWR fa-cilities: certain veterans and caregivers for veterans.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Section 1065 of title 10, United States Code, as added by para-graph (1), shall take effect at the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATION FOR  U
PDATING EPACS FOR MILITARY COM-
MISSARIES .—There is hereby authorized to be appropriated, out of any funds in the Treas-ury not otherwise appropriated, $500,000 to the Secretary of Defense for the purpose of updating the electronic physical access con-trol system used by military commissaries and exchanges so that the system may recog-nize and accept veteran health identification cards. (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING INDIVID -
UALS AWARDED THE PURPLE HEART .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, should maintain a list of all individuals awarded the Purple Heart. 
AMENDMENT NO . 101 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
OF ILLINOIS  At the end of title I, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1ll. ARMORED COMMERCIAL PASSENGER- CARRYING VEHICLES. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF GAO R ECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—In accordance with the recommenda-tions of the Government Accountability Of-fice in the report titled ‘‘Armored Commer-cial Vehicles: DOD Has Procurement Guid-ance, but Army Could Take Actions to En-hance Inspections and Oversight’’ (GAO-17- 513), not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Army shall— (1) ensure that in-progress inspections are conducted at the armoring vendor’s facility for each procurement of an armored com-mercial passenger-carrying vehicle until the date on which the Secretary of Defense ap-proves and implements an updated armoring and inspection standard for such vehicles; and (2) designate a central point of contact for collecting and reporting information on ar-mored commercial passenger-carrying vehi-cles (such as information on contracts execu-tion and vehicle inspections). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.003 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4701 May 24, 2018 
(b) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the progress of the Secretary in implementing Department of Defense In-struction O–2000.16 Volume 1, dated Novem-ber 2016, with respect to armored commercial passenger-carrying vehicles, including— (1) whether criteria for the procurement of such vehicles have been established and dis-tributed to the relevant components of the Department; and (2) whether a process is in place for ensur-ing that the relevant components of the De-partment incorporate those criteria into contracts for such vehicles. 
AMENDMENT NO . 102 OFFERED BY MS . ESHOO OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 877, insert after line 9 the following new section (and redesignate the succeeding sections accordingly): 
SEC. 2822. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING LAND CONVEYANCE, MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds as follows: (1) The Secretary of the Army is proposing to convey 17.1 acres of real property in Mountain View, California, known as Shen-andoah Square and the existing 126 housing units on such property in order to raise cap-ital to improve other military housing owned by private entities, despite significant military demand for affordable housing in the San Francisco Bay Area from personnel spanning across the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, Navy, and Coast Guard. (2) Under the proposed conveyance, the ex-isting 126 housing units at Shenandoah Square would be demolished to allow for the construction of high-density residential housing. (3) Shenandoah Square is one of only 3 military housing complexes in the San Fran-cisco Bay Area and is home to many Cali-fornia National Guard personnel serving in the 129th Rescue Wing at Moffett Federal Air Field and civilians who perform mission crit-ical work for the 129th Rescue Wing. (4) The San Francisco Bay Area is con-fronting one of the most severe affordable housing crises in the United States, which has led to a recruitment and retention crisis for the 129th Rescue Wing. (5) The residents of these units have ex-pressed concern about their displacement from Shenandoah Square, as this property is located in one of the most expensive housing markets in the country, Silicon Valley, and there is great uncertainty about the afford-ability of new potential housing on the site. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Army should explore all possible alternatives to a conveyance of Shenandoah Square, including subleasing the property to an entity that can better develop affordable housing on the property. 
AMENDMENT NO . 103 OFFERED BY MS . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. PERMANENT EXTENSION AND CODI-FICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CON-DUCT TECHNOLOGY PROTECTION FEATURES ACTIVITIES DURING RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF DE-FENSE SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before section 2358 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2357. Technology protection features ac-tivities. ‘‘(a) A
CTIVITIES .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out activities to develop and in-corporate technology protection features in a designated system during the research and development phase of such system. ‘‘(b) COST-SHARING .—Any contract for the design or development of a system resulting from activities under subsection (a) for the purpose of enhancing or enabling the exportability of the system, either for the development of program protection strate-gies for the system or the design and incor-poration of exportability features into the system, shall include a cost-sharing provi-sion that requires the contractor to bear half of the cost of such activities, or such other portion of such cost as the Secretary con-siders appropriate upon showing of good cause. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘designated system’ means any system (including a major system, as de-fined in section 2302(5) of title 10, United States Code) that the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment des-ignates for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) The term ‘technology protection fea-tures’ means the technical modifications necessary to protect critical program infor-mation, including anti-tamper technologies and other systems engineering activities in-tended to prevent or delay exploitation of critical technologies in a designated sys-tem.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 2358 the following new item: ‘‘2357. Technology protection features activi-ties.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 243 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is repealed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 104 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON HONDURAS, GUATEMALA, AND EL SALVADOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report regarding narcotics trafficking corruption and illicit campaign finance in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the names of senior government offi-cials in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Sal-vador who are known to have committed or facilitated acts of grand corruption or nar-cotics trafficking; (2) the names of elected officials in Hon-duras, Guatemala, and El Salvador who are known to have received campaign funds that are the proceeds of narco-trafficking or other illicit activities in the last 2 years; and (3) the names of individuals in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador who are known to have facilitated the financing of political campaigns in any of the Northern Triangle countries with the proceeds of narco-traf-ficking or other illicit activities in the last 2 years. (c) F
ORM.—The report submitted under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
AMENDMENT NO . 105 OFFERED BY MR . WITTMAN  
OF VIRGINIA  Page 956, line 19, strike ‘‘2018’’ and insert ‘‘2019’’. AMENDMENT NO . 106 OFFERED BY MR . GARRETT  
OF VIRGINIA  Page 683, line 15, insert ‘‘foreign’’ before ‘‘non-state’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 107 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
OF RHODE ISLAND  At the end of subtitle C of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. REPORT ON EFFECTS OF INCREASED AUTOMATION OF DEFENSE INDUS-TRIAL BASE ON MANUFACTURING WORKFORCE. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the effects of the increased automation of the defense industrial base over the ten-year period beginning on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Such report shall include, for the period cov-ered by the report— (1) an estimate of the number of jobs in the United States manufacturing workforce ex-pected to be eliminated due to automation in the defense sector; (2) an analysis describing any new types of jobs that are expected to be established as a result of an increasingly automated process, including an estimate of the number of these types of jobs that are expected to be created; (3) an analysis of the potential threats to the national security of the United States that are unique to the automation of the de-fense industry; (4) a strategy to assist in providing work-force training and transition preparation for workers who may lose manufacturing jobs in the defense industry due to automation; (5) a description of any training necessary for workers affected by automation to more easily transition to new types of jobs within the defense manufacturing industry; and (6) any actions taken, or planned to be taken, by the Department of Defense to as-sist in worker transition. 
AMENDMENT NO . 108 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
OF RHODE ISLAND  Add at the end of subtitle F of title XII the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON COUNTRIES AND ENEMY GROUPS AGAINST WHICH THE UNITED STATES HAS TAKEN MILI-TARY ACTION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report that identifies the nations, organizations, and persons against which the United States has taken military action pur-suant to the Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). 
AMENDMENT NO . 109 OFFERED BY MRS . DEMINGS  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. ENHANCED MILITARY ACTIVITIES. 
(a) NATO E XERCISES .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with appropriate of-ficials of other member countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, shall seek opportunities to conduct more NATO naval exercises in the Baltic and Black Seas, as well as in the northern Atlantic Ocean, to defend the seas around Europe and deter Russian aggression in those regions. (b) J
OINT RESEARCH PROJECTS .—The Sec- retary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, may conduct joint re-search projects with NATO allies pursuant to the authorities under chapter 138 of title 10, United States Code, including projects through NATO Centers of Excellence, to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.003 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4702 May 24, 2018 
(1) improve NATO reconnaissance capabili-ties to track Russian military exercises; (2) enhance NATO anti-submarine warfare capabilities against Russia; (3) increase the numbers of modern sensors placed on NATO aircraft, submarines, and surface ships; or (4) enhance NATO capabilities to detect and deter Russian information operations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this legislation and especially this part of the bill, which includes a provision that declares Dr. Afridi an international hero. For those who don’t remember Dr. Afridi, who now languishes in a Paki-stani prison, this was the brave soul who helped us identify Osama bin Laden, the mastermind of the slaugh-ter of 3,000 Americans on 9/11. Pakistan arrested him on trumped up charges, and he now lingers in a dun-geon, ignored by us, ignored by the world. This is an international hero. This is a man with courage. It is a disgrace that our country still has relations, when Pakistan rubs this in our face. I would hope that this Con-gress—and, Mr. Chair, I thank the gen-tleman for putting this in the bill that we are declaring to the world Dr. Afridi must be freed, and he is a hero, an international hero to all of humankind. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member Mr. S
MITH, and I rise in support of this legislation, and in particular, in support of amendment No. 202 offered by myself and Mr. C
AS-
TROand Mr. D OGGETT . This amendment requires the Air Force to conduct a core sampling study at Lackland Air Force Base to deter-mine potential hazardous substances along the route of a wastewater pipe-line replacement project. Project negotiations are being held up because the proposed route transects two very old landfills whose contents are unknown. Soil sampling to identify potential contaminants along the construction site will allow this project to move forward. Replacing this crumbling pipeline is critical to avoid continual wastewater spills, which impact the environmental health and well-being of both the mili-tary base and the residents of San An-tonio. I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment, the legislation, this en bloc amendment to bring waste-water services to over 500,000 residents in San Antonio, a rapidly growing southwest community. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. CORREA ). Mr. CORREA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment 96 that is in-cluded in the en bloc amendment. My amendment requires the Sec-retary of Defense to study how the De-partment of Defense can attract and recruit students from higher education institutions with backgrounds in science, technology, engineering, mathematics, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and cybersecurity. To make sure we draw from the best and brightest of our country, this study would consist of students from all higher education institutions, in-cluding but not limited to Hispanic serving institutions, Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander serving institutions. World war III is currently taking place in cyberspace, and that is why it is important that we find our young men and women, the best and brightest we have, to fight this battle. Additionally, with China racing to dominate the artificial intelligence space, we must find suitable individ-uals to keep up with China’s artificial intelligence advancements and massive investments in this area. My amendment would ensure that our Nation has the information it needs to recruit our brightest and best. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I would inquire of the gentleman if he as any more speakers. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I don’t have any more speakers. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ). Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to ensure that Purple Heart and Medal of Honor recipients, veterans with service-con-nected disabilities, and former pris-oners of war have access to military exchanges, commissaries, and morale, welfare, and recreation facilities. We should all agree that these heroes of our Armed Forces have done more than enough to earn this access. It is our duty as a Nation to not only say that we appreciate their service, but also to enact policies such as this dem-onstrating this gratitude. A 2017 Defense Department report shows expanding access will not only make life easier for these veterans, but will also strengthen the commissary and exchange system. This amendment has been endorsed by the VFW, American Legion, Mili-tary Order of the Purple Heart, Wound-ed Warrior Project, Disabled American Veterans, and AMVETS. Mr. Chair, I thank Congressman W
ALTER JONES for joining me on the bill and on this amendment. I thank the chair and ranking member for in-cluding my amendment in this bloc and for their work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support these amend-ments. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member and the chairman of the Rules Committee for listening to both my concerns and the amendments that we have offered. We are very pleased to have at least 10 amendments to deal with this impor-tant legislation. Mr. Chair, I rise to thank the chair and the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee for the en bloc amendments. I would like to draw particular atten-tion to a few Jackson Lee amendments as the Congress prepares to adjourn for Memorial Day. I want to thank the men and women who serve in the United States military. The Jackson Lee amendment offered in this year’s NDAA will provide over-sight with information or guidance on efforts at K–12 schools on Federal mili-tary facilities to maintain safety and security from active shooters. Just coming from my district and in the neighboring area, the Santa Fe trag-edy, of which I attended vigils over the weekend and listening to children talk about being fearful of guns and going to school, has been a very difficult set of circumstances. So the Jackson Lee amendment would, in fact, seek an assessment from the Secretary of Defense of the strate-gies that may be used to reduce the se-curity threats posed by active shooter incidences at public schools and sec-ondary schools. Today, the DOD operates 60 schools in seven States, 26,000 military con-nected students, and that is a process where I think the Pentagon and the Defense Department can be very, very helpful. Jackson Lee amendment No. 91 seeks to have a report 180 days following en-actment from the Secretary of Defense, which will include the Coast Guard, on maternity mortality rates among members of the Armed Forces and the Department. For every 100,000 births in the United States in 2013, the Centers for Disease Control estimated that 17.3 percent of mothers died, the highest mortality rate of all industrialized countries by several times over. I believe we can be very effective in having solutions. My amendment No. 68 considers the vital role in the National Guard and re-servist field when called to service. I work with the National Guard. Mr. Chair, I thank the Texas Guard and the National Guard. I have seen them in Iraq and Afghanistan, and I believe it is an important assessment to continue to remind us of the work that they do, civilian soldiers, of course. Jackson Lee amendment No. 89 pro-vides a report 220 days after enactment on the DOD’s capacity to provide sur-vivors of natural disasters—we are still 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.003 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4703 May 24, 2018 
experiencing the suffering of Hurricane Harvey, and I believe this is a major important time. It is important as well to deal with cybersecurity, and so I have an amend-ment that seeks an assessment that would consider what occurred in 1992 following Hurricane Andrew when the DOD stood up emergency housing, and to look at those options. The same thing with dealing with cy-bersecurity: I believe that it is impor-tant for the DOD to deal with the feasi-bility of creating an apprentice pro-gram to address the agency’s shortages of qualified cybersecurity persons. Let me just simply say that this leg-islation will be helpful in defining how we answer a lot of hard questions. I do want to take note of the fact that I would like to see in the State Department and the DOD that we work on better relationships with Pakistan and try to discern how we can weave through some of the difficult issues that we are addressing and develop that alliance again. My other amendments deal with rais-ing awareness among students trav-eling abroad; expanding the report re-quired by the bill to include informa-tion on the opportunities dealing with artificial intelligence, dealing with cy-bersecurity, sharing of Navy desalin-ization technology for civilian applica-tions. Something that I have been working on for a number of years: I just was in a meeting dealing with the impact of Boko Haram and as well its far-reach-ing impact throughout Africa, north Africa, and the death that it has been engaged in. My amendment will be pro-viding for DOD assistance to the Nige-rian Government in developing a miss-ing persons database to report on miss-ing, exploited, and trafficked persons. The DOD has provided the kind of as-sistance that has been allowed by our laws, but it is a horrific circumstance. Then finally, I have an amendment addressing dangers associated with man-made space debris in low Earth orbit to manned and unmanned mis-sions. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support our amendments. I thank those who have managed this legislation. I think the important point I want to make sure is the active shooter; the mortality rates dealing with mothers, maternal mortality rates and the loss of mothers and the loss of children in the instance of child birth. I would ask that my amendments be accepted. Mr. Chair, I rise to thank the Chair and Ranking Member of the Rules Committee for the inclusion of Jackson Lee Amendments in the Rules for H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2019. I also thank the Chair and Ranking Member of the Armed Services Committee, and their staffs for working with me and my staff to in-clude Jackson Lee Amendments in the Amendment En Blocs for H.R. 5515, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for FY 2019. As a Member of the House Budget Com-mittee, I am keenly aware of the budget pres-sures caused by Sequestration and repeated government shutdowns that have plagued de-fense and non-defense agencies. It is past time for the Congress to engage in an authentic bipartisan budget process that puts the national interest over party interest so that we can complete the annual appropria-tions process by September 30, 2018, and prevent any further government shutdowns. I have several amendments to H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2019, which will be addressed in my submitted statement. I would like to draw particular attention to a few Jackson Lee Amendments because of their importance to the people whom I serve in the 18th Congressional District of Texas, or they are of significance to the people who rely upon the resources provided by the National Defense Authorization Act to defend our na-tion. As the Congress prepares to adjourn for Memorial Day weekend, I want to thank the men and women of the Armed Services, and the dedicated civilian professionals of the De-partment of Defense and its branches for their sacrifice and service to our nation. I hope that in some small measure that the passage of this bill will convey to them the heartfelt respect and appreciation this body has for what they do each day to keep our na-tion and its people safe from harm. The Jackson Lee Amendments offered to this year’s NDAA will provide oversight with in-formation or guidance on: 1. Efforts at K–12 schools on federal military facilities to maintain safety and security from active shooter situations; 2. Reporting on maternity mortality rates among service women, and female depend-ents of all service members, including the Coast Guard; 3. Raising awareness among students trav-eling abroad about recruitment tactics used by foreign intelligence agencies seeking to snare them into spying against the United States; 4. Readiness of the National Guard and Re-serve for disaster response; 5. Defense Department’s capacity to provide emergency short-term housing to disaster sur-vivors; 6. Development of a cybersecurity appren-tice program to provide on the job training for certain cybersecurity positions and to support the acquisition of cybersecurity certifications; 7. Expanding a report required by the bill to include information on the opportunities and risks associated with advancements Artificial Intelligence and its sub-discipline of machine learning; 8. Reports on cybersecurity threats posed by the achievement of stable quantum com-puting; 9. Sharing of Navy desalinization technology for civilian applications; 10. Condemning Boko Haram; and providing for DoD assistance to the Nigerian govern-ment in developing a missing persons data-base to report on missing, exploited and traf-ficked persons; and 11. Addressing dangers associated with man-made space debris in low earth orbit to manned and unmanned missions. The Jackson Lee Amendments that I would like to emphasize include: Jackson Lee Amendment No. 159, which seeks an assessment, from the Secretary of Defense, of the strategies that may be used to reduce the security threats posed by active shooter incidents at public elementary schools and secondary schools located on the grounds of Federal military installations. Our nation’s military provides for the needs of military families including the education of their children. Since 1816, a Military Service, the Depart-ment of War or the Department of Defense has operated schools on military installations. Today, the DoD operates 60 schools in 7 states: Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina, New York, South Carolina and Vir-ginia. There are 26,000 military connected stu-dents attending Domestic Dependent Elemen-tary and Secondary Schools, which are oper-ated by Department of Defense Education Ac-tivity, which is located in the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense. Local Education Agencies operate about 150 public schools on military installations throughout the United States, educating about 80,000 students. As you already know, on Friday, May 18, 2018, the community of Santa Fe, Texas be-came the most recent school to experience an active shooter gun violence, which took the lives of eight students and two teachers. No parent should have to endure the loss of a child. Over the last year we have seen deadly ac-tive shooter attacks carried out by a lone gun-man at K–12 schools, where the shooter was often a student. The safety and wellbeing of children of our active duty personnel are our responsibility. This Jackson Lee amendment seeks infor-mation on what is being done and what can be done to increase school security against activity shooters situations in K–12 schools on military installations. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 91, which seeks a report 180 days following enactment from the Secretary of DoD, which will include the Coast Guard, on maternity mortality rates among members of the Armed Forces and the dependents of such members. For every 100,000 births in the US in 2013 the Centers for Disease Control estimated that 17.3 mothers died, the highest maternal mor-tality rate of all industrialized countries—by several times over. Between 1990 and 2015 it is reported that maternal mortality rates around the world fell by 30 percent while at the same time in the US, the ratio went up nearly 60 percent. A 2012, Pentagon report states that mothers delivering at military hospitals are more likely to hemorrhage after childbirth than mothers at civilian hospitals. More than 50,000 babies are born at military hospitals each year, and they are twice as likely to be injured during delivery as newborns nationwide. This Jackson Lee Amendment would pro-vide a clearer understanding of the mortality 
rates of mothers: who were pregnant, under-going delivery, or had delivered a child less than 1 year before their deaths. Jackson Lee amendments No. 68 and No. 89 provide additional attention to DoD disaster response. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 68, considers the vital role the National Guard and Reserv-ist’s fill when called to service in disaster re-sponse. I thank the Texas Guard, National Guard, and Reservists as well as the active duty mili-tary personnel, including the Coast Guard who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.009 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4704 May 24, 2018 
came to the aid of victims of Hurricane Har-vey. You saved thousands of lives and Texans will be forever grateful that you answered the call to serve our nation as members of the armed forces. Hurricane Harvey’s impact in Texas is still being felt nine months later. The storm’s footprint covered over 9,000 square miles, including the city of Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey dropped over 52 inches of rain in the Houston area an over 60 inches were recorded elsewhere in the state. At its peak on September 1, 2017, one-third of Houston, our nation’s fourth largest city, was underwater leaving 34,575 evacuees in shelters across Texas. Before the flood waters had receded in Houston two other monster hurricanes were bearing down on citizens living in the U.S. Vir-gin Islands and Puerto Rico. The scope and magnitude of these dueling disasters tested the National Guard and Re-servists in ways that were new. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 68 requires a readiness report on the National Guard and Reservists to make sure they have what they need to assist communities in need of disaster assistance during the 2018 Hurricane Season which begins June 1st. Many Texans are still recovering from Hurri-cane Harvey, and the same is true of Puerto Rico residents who are attempting to recover from Hurricane Maria. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 68 improves the bill’s ability to support the important mis-sion of the National Guard and Reservists to engage in disaster response. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 89 provides a report 220 days after enactment on the DoD’s capacity to provide survivors of natural disas-ters with emergency short term housing. Hurricane Harvey is the largest housing dis-aster to strike the U.S. in our nation’s history. During Hurricane Harvey over 300,000 structures flooded in southeastern Texas, where extreme rainfall hit many areas that are densely-populated. At its peak on September 1, 2017, one-third of Houston, our nation’s fourth largest city, was underwater with 34,575 evacuees in shel-ters across Texas. The storm and resulting flooding damaged 203,000 homes, of which 12,700 were de-stroyed. Port Arthur residents were living in tents, after 80 percent of the city’s housing was flooded by Hurricane Harvey rains, which led to acute housing needs. The city of Beaumont lost its fresh water supply leading to the closure of hospitals and evacuation of patients to hospitals in other cit-ies. There were significant delays in the provi-sion of enough hotels for all of those impacted by the storm. However, within weeks hotel rooms were sufficient to address most housing needs for those displaced by the storm. Unfortunately, the number of hotel rooms in Jefferson County Texas was insufficient for the demand for housing, which left residents living in tents until housing options could be found. This Jackson Lee amendment seeks an as-sessment that would consider, what occurred in 1992 following Hurricane Andrew, when the DoD stood up emergency housing in the State of Florida for thousands of Floridians who lost their homes to that storm. Earlier this year, the House passed H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulnerabilities Disclosure Act, which I introduced to address the need for ef-fective and aggressive action to deal with the threat of Zero Day Events. A Zero Day Event describes the situation that network security professionals may find themselves when a previously unknown error or flow in computing code is exploited by a cybercriminal or terrorist. The term ‘‘Zero Day Event’’ simply means that there is zero time to prepare a defense against a cyberattack. H.R. 3202 requires the Secretary of Home-land Security to submit a report on the policies and procedures developed for coordinating cyber vulnerability disclosures. I have previously introduced legislation to address the cybersecurity workforce shortage in the Federal government. On that bill, H.R. 1981, Cyber Security Edu-cation and Federal Workforce Enhancement Act, establishes the process for looking out-side of DHS and within its ranks to solve the shortage of cybersecurity professionals. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 97 seeks an assessment from the DoD on the feasibility of creating an apprentice program to address the agency’s shortages of qualified cybersecurity professionals for certain cybersecurity posi-tions. There is a growing shortage of cybersecurity professionals with over a quarter-million posi-tions remaining unfilled in the U.S. alone and a predicted shortfall of 1.5 million cybersecu-rity professionals by 2019. There are additional Jackson Lee Amend-ments included in this bill that provide reports to the authorizing committees on a range of security and safety issues related to tech-nology and innovation, with an eye toward the future. The world is on the verge of significant breakthroughs in computing, space explo-ration, medical advancements, and innova-tions in medicine, engineering, and know how. At the same time we are seeing extreme weather events that are causing significant shifts in rainfall patterns in this country and around the world that require that we invest in water management and desalinization tech-nology to assure reliable access to abundant fresh water. Artificial intelligence (AI), and quantum com-puting are rapidly changing areas of com-puting science that will have direct and signifi-cant implications for our economy, national de-fense, and our nation’s security. I have two Jackson Lee Amendments that have been adopted in En Bloc Amendments that will provide additional scope to an existing report on AI, and another report on the impli-cations for the security of computing networks should quantum computing innovation estab-lish more stable systems. The current stage of computing innovation is akin to the Age of Flight at the time of the Wright Brothers. We are in the infancy of the Computing Age, the best is yet to come, but we should be mindful of the rewards as well as the risks. We will have aggressive programs to meet the challenge of achieving stable quantum computing because if we are not on the bleed-ing edge of this innovation curve, there could be dire consequences for the security of de-fense, civilian, private sector, and academic computing networks, challenges to our leader-ship in computing advancements, and we run the risk of negative economic impacts. At best we are the first to achieve these ad-vancements in computing, and at worse we are in second place. I thank the Committees for including Jack-son Lee Amendments Nos. 126 and 193 in the Amendment En Blocs for H.R. 5515. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 90 directs that the Secretary of DoD will provide a report 240 days from enactment of this bill on the risks posed by man-made space debris in low-earth orbit, including recommendations on remedi-ation of such risks, and outlines of plans to re-duce the incident of space debris. Space debris encompasses both natural and artificial particles. This Jackson Lee Amendment would ad-dress the risk of man-made space debris. Man-made objects in Earth’s orbit that may no longer serve a useful function can include nonfunctional spacecraft, abandoned launch vehicle stages, mission-related debris and fragmentation debris. Space debris travels at speeds up to 17,500 miles per hour is fast enough a small piece of man-made debris to damage to a satellite or a spacecraft. There are more than 20,000 pieces of de-bris larger than a softball or orbiting the Earth. There are 500,000 pieces of debris the size of a marble or larger. There are many millions of pieces of debris that are so small they can’t be tracked. NASA tracks more than 500,000 pieces of 
man-made space debris in Earth’s orbit. Jackson Lee Amendment seeks a report from the Secretary of Defense on the risks posed by man-made space debris, solutions for reducing risks and strategies for reducing the incidence of more man-made space debris being introduced into space. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 61 on the Rule for H.R. 5515, directs the following Sec-retary of Navy to submit reports to Congress on the feasibility of applying desalinization technologies to provide drought relief in areas impacted by sharp declines in water avail-ability for both military as well as civilian pur-poses. (listed as No. 482 on the Rules Com-mittee Roster) In 2010, the United States consumed about 355,000 million gallons of water per day. Worldwide, some 700 million people do not have access to enough clean water. In 10 years the number is expected to more than double to 1.8 billion. Two-thirds of the Earth’s surface is water, but in fact less than 1 percent it is available for human use. The rest of the water on our planet is either salt water found in oceans, fresh water frozen in the polar ice caps, or too inaccessible for practical usage. While population and demand on freshwater resources are increasing, supply will always remain constant. And although the water cycle continuously returns water to Earth, it is not always re-turned to the same place, or in the same quantity and quality. This is why I offered this Jackson Lee Amendment No. 61. It is time to plan for the future water needs of our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.005 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4705 May 24, 2018 
There are serious water shortages in some regions of the country and the prospects that sustained water shortages due to regional growth and climate factors may make it nec-essary to develop alternative sources for water intended for human and agricultural uses. If we can harness the technology to convert ocean water into fresh water the future of cit-ies and rural communities that depend on water can be much brighter. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 88 on the Rule for H.R. 5515, Requires the Secretary of Defense to report to Congress programs and procedures employed to ensure students studying abroad through Department of De-fense National Security Education Programs are trained to recognize, resist, and report against recruitment efforts by agents of foreign governments. The number of U.S. students studying abroad for credit during the 2015–2016 aca-demic year totaled 325,339 students. This represents just over 1.6 percent of all U.S. students enrolled at institutions of higher education in the United States and about 10 percent of U.S. graduates. Study abroad provides opportunities to stu-dents and helps nation’s economies. A recent survey found that almost 40 per-cent of companies surveyed missed inter-national business opportunities because of a lack of internationally-co competent personnel. However, the opportunities to study in an-other country come with some risks. In 2014, the FBI released a 28-minute spy film called ‘‘Game of Pawns, ’’ which was based in part on the real life story of Glenn Shriver, who in 2004 was a 22-year-old study-ing in Shanghai. The Michigan native found a seemingly in-nocent job online—writing papers on U.S.- China relations. Over time, the job description changed. Glenn Shriver accepted $70,000 from Chi-nese operatives and agreed to apply for U.S. government jobs in order to gain access to classified information. By then, the FBI was on to him. He was arrested in 2010 and pleaded guilty to one count of attempting to spy. He was sentenced to serve a four-year pris-on sentence. At the time FBI did not say how many stu-dents had been turned into spies but said they are increasingly being targeted. Destinations for U.S. students studying abroad include: Africa; Asia; Europe; Latin America; Middle East; and Oceania. When 95 percent of consumers live outside of the United States, we cannot afford to ig-nore this essential aspect of higher education. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 88 will pro-vide the tools and education needed to U.S. students studying abroad to help them protect themselves from attempts the recruitment tac-tics of foreign agents. Thank you to the Committee for the inclu-sion of these Jackson Lee Amendments in the final bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, we have no further speakers. I urge adoption of the amendments en bloc, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 908, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 5 consisting of amendment Nos. 110, 111, 112, 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, 119, 120, 121, 122, 123, 124, 125, 126, and 127 printed in House Re-port 115–702, offered by Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 110 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
OF RHODE ISLAND  Add at the end of subtitle C of title XII the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON UNITED STATES MILI-TARY STRIKES AGAINST SYRIA. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report regarding the United States military strikes on Syria on April 13, 2018. Such report should address the fol-lowing: (1) An identification of the objectives of such strikes. (2) An examination of whether such objec-tives were achieved. (3) An examination of any tactical advan-tages gained by such strikes. (4) An assessment of the extent to which Syrian military operations were affected by such strikes, including if such strikes had any lasting impact on such operations. (5) An identification of the legal justifica-tion for such strikes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 111 OFFERED BY MR . YOHO OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle E of title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. SALE OF SURPLUS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EQUIPMENT TO ELIGIBLE FARMERS. 
Section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) S
ALE OF EQUIPMENT TO FARMERS .—(1) During the three-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Agriculture, may transfer to eligible farmers equipment of the Department of Defense that is— ‘‘(A) appropriate for use by farmers; and ‘‘(B) excess to the needs of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(2) A farmer is eligible to purchase equip-ment under this subsection if the farmer is— ‘‘(A) a veteran and a new and beginning farmer, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) submits to the Secretary an applica-tion containing such information and assur-ances as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) Equipment made available for transfer to farmers under this subsection shall be made available to such farmers before such equipment is made available for public sale. ‘‘(4) Not later than 60 days after the termi-nation of the authority under this sub-section, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report on this subsection that in-cludes the recommendations of the Sec-retary regarding the extension or expansion of the program.’’. AMENDMENT NO . 112 OFFERED BY MR . MARSHALL  
OF KANSAS  Page 937, insert after line 12 the following new section: 
SEC. 2845. MODIFICATION TO FIRST DIVISION MONUMENT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Society of the First Infantry Division (an organization de-scribed in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax-ation under section 501(a) of that code), may make modifications (including construction of additional plaques and stone plinths on which to put the plaques) to the First Divi-sion Monument located on Federal land in Presidential Park in District of Columbia that was set aside for memorial purposes of the First Infantry Division, in order to honor the members of the First Infantry Division who paid the ultimate sacrifice during United States operations, including Oper-ation Desert Storm, Operation Iraqi Free-dom and New Dawn, and Operation Enduring Freedom. The First Infantry Division at the Department of the Army shall collaborate with the Department of Defense to provide to the Society of the First Infantry Division the list of names to be added. (b) N
ON-APPLICATION OF COMMEMORATIVE  W
ORKS ACT.—Subsections (b) and (c) of sec-tion 8903 of title 40, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘‘Commemorative Works Act’’), shall not apply to actions taken under subsection (a) of this section. (c) F
UNDING .—Federal funds may not be used to pay any expense of the activities of the Society of the First Infantry Division which are authorized by this section. 
AMENDMENT NO . 113 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
OF RHODE ISLAND  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. IMPORTANCE OF EXCHANGES BE-TWEEN THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) In a world with increasingly complex political and security challenges, bridging the gap between diplomacy and defense is more vital than ever to achieve United States strategic objectives abroad. (2) Foreign missions are multifaceted, rap-idly evolving, and interconnected. (3) Emerging security issues demand that the United States Government be quick, agile, adaptable, comprehensive, and inclu-sive when navigating foreign partnerships. (4) The interagency process continues to be the most efficient and effective means for the United States to quickly adjust to changing circumstances and leverage re-sources for securing its strategic objectives abroad. (5) The Government Accountability Office has found that ‘‘effective interagency rota-tional assignments can achieve collabora-tion-related results’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) United States Government personnel must be able to collaborate across depart-ments and agencies to meet complex na-tional security challenges; (2) the United States needs to ensure that its foreign and defense policies are mutually supportive and find ways to most effectively align its strategies; (3) exchange programs between the Depart-ment of State and Department of Defense are critical for strengthening the capacity of such Departments to promote regional sta-bility around the world while protecting and promoting United States interests; (4) Foreign Service officers serving as po-litical advisors provide deep understanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.006 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4706 May 24, 2018 
of diplomatic dynamics and issues and can enable, through such exchange programs, the Department of Defense to make effective and sustained contributions to protecting and promoting United States interests; and (5) in order to achieve such strategic, oper-ational, and tactical successes, such Foreign Service officers should be embedded forward with Department of Defense personnel to the fullest extent practicable. 
AMENDMENT NO . 114 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
OF RHODE ISLAND  Page 874, insert after line 6 the following: 
SEC. 2815. REPORTS ON BUILDINGS AND FACILI-TIES SUBJECT TO EXCEPTIONS TO ACCESSIBILITY STANDARDS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT FOR NEWCONSTRUC -
TION.—Not later than 90 days after the end of each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report list-ing each building or facility for which the Secretary first initiated construction during the fiscal year, or for which the Secretary first entered into a lease for the use of the Secretary during the fiscal year, which is subject to one of the accessibility standard exceptions described in subsection (c). (b) O
NE-TIME REPORT ON CURRENT BUILD-
INGS AND FACILITIES SUBJECT TO EXCEP -
TIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary concerned shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report listing each building or facility constructed or leased by the Secretary during fiscal years 2014 through 2018 which is subject to one of the accessibility standard exceptions described in subsection (c). (c) A
CCESSIBILITY STANDARD EXCEPTIONS  D
ESCRIBED .—The accessibility standard ex-ceptions described in this subsection with re-spect to a building or facility are as follows: (1) The building or facility is leased by the Secretary concerned on a temporary, emer-gency basis for the use of officials providing disaster assistance. (2) The building or facility is located in a foreign country and is constructed in whole or in part with funds provided by the United States, but the Secretary concerned does not control the design criteria and the building or facility is not required to comply with standards under the Architectural Barriers Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4151 et seq.). (3) The building or facility is located in a foreign country and is leased by the Sec-retary concerned. (4) The building or facility is subject to a waiver granted by the Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense who represents the Department of Defense on the United States Access Board. 
AMENDMENT NO . 115 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER OF  
VIRGINIA  At the end of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 8ll. USE OF LOWEST PRICE TECHNICALLY ACCEPTABLE SOURCE SELECTION PROCESS. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the policy of the United States Government to avoid using lowest price technically accept-able source selection criteria in cir-cumstances that would deny the Government the benefits of cost and technical tradeoffs in the source selection process. (b) R
EVISION OF FEDERAL ACQUISITION REG-
ULATION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation shall be revised to require that, for solicitations issued on or after the date that is 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, lowest price technically acceptable source selection cri-teria are used only in situations in which— (1) an executive agency is able to com-prehensively and clearly describe the min-imum requirements expressed in terms of performance objectives, measures, and standards that will be used to determine ac-ceptability of offers; (2) the executive agency would realize no, or minimal, value from a contract proposal exceeding the minimum technical or per-formance requirements set forth in the re-quest for proposal; (3) the proposed technical approaches will require no, or minimal, subjective judgment by the source selection authority as to the desirability of one offeror’s proposal versus a competing proposal; (4) the source selection authority has a high degree of confidence that a review of technical proposals of offerors other than the lowest bidder would not result in the identi-fication of factors that could provide value or benefit to the executive agency; (5) the contracting officer has included a justification for the use of a lowest price technically acceptable evaluation method-ology in the contract file; and (6) the executive agency has determined that the lowest price reflects full life-cycle costs, including for operations and support. (c) AVOIDANCE OF USE OF LOWEST PRICE T
ECHNICALLY ACCEPTABLE SOURCE SELECTION  C
RITERIA IN CERTAIN PROCUREMENTS .—To the maximum extent practicable, the use of low-est price technically acceptable source selec-tion criteria shall be avoided in the case of a procurement that is predominately for the acquisition of— (1) information technology services, cyber-security services, systems engineering and technical assistance services, advanced elec-tronic testing, audit or audit readiness serv-ices, or other knowledge-based professional services; (2) personal protective equipment; or (3) knowledge-based training or logistics services in contingency operations or other operations outside the United States, includ-ing in Afghanistan or Iraq. (d) R
EPORTING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for three years, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on the number of instances in which lowest price technically acceptable source selection criteria is used for a contract exceeding $2,000,000, including an explanation of how the situations listed in subsection (b) were considered in making a determination to use lowest price tech-nically acceptable source selection criteria. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘execu-tive agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code, except that the term does not include the Department of Defense. (2) C
ONTINGENCY OPERATION .—The term ‘‘contingency operation’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 116 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  At the end of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE BASING OF KC–46A AIRCRAFT OUTSIDE THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the De-partment of Defense is continuing its process of permanently stationing KC–46A aircraft at installations in the continental United States and forward-basing outside the conti-nental United States. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force, as part of the strategic basing process for KC–46A aircraft, should continue to con-sider the benefits derived from locations out-side the continental United States that— (1) support day-to-day air refueling oper-ations, operations plans of the combatant commands, and flexibility for contingency operations, and have— (A) a strategic location that is essential to the defense of the United States and its in-terests; (B) receivers for boom or probe-and-drogue training opportunities with joint and inter-national partners; and (C) sufficient airfield and airspace avail-ability and capacity to meet requirements; and (2) possess facilities that— (A) take full advantage of existing infra-structure to provide— (i) runway, hangars, and aircrew and main-tenance operations; and (ii) sufficient fuels receipt, storage, and distribution capacities for a 5-day peacetime operating stock; and (B) minimize overall construction and operational costs. 
AMENDMENT NO . 117 OFFERED BY MR . DUNN OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CONVERSION OF F–22 AIRCRAFT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Accelerating the modernization upgrade of F–22A Block 20 training and test aircraft would significantly increase the total avail-able inventory of combat-capable F–22A Block 35 fighter aircraft. (2) Converting 34 F–22A Block 20 aircraft to a Block 35 configuration would drastically improve the readiness and health of the en-tire F–22A fleet and increase flexibility to manage availability of the combat-coded Block 35 fleet, which is accumulating more operational flight hours than initially an-ticipated. (3) Making the conversions described in paragraph (2) would be a cost-effective way to increase the F–22’s combat-capable force by 27 percent. (4) If the conversion effort is not included in future base budgets, it would be advisable for the Department of Defense to support the effort as an unfunded priority. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force should accelerate modernization of the F–22 Block 20 training and test aircraft as quickly as possible. 
AMENDMENT NO . 117 OFFERED BY MR . BROWN OF  
MARYLAND  At the end of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. MODIFICATION OF FUNDING CRI-TERIA UNDER HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MINORITY INSTITUTIONS PROGRAM. 
Section 2362(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘Priority’’ and inserting ‘‘Criteria’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘give priority in providing’’ and inserting ‘‘limit’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 120 OFFERED BY MR . KHANNA  
OF CALIFORNIA  Add at the end of subtitle F of title XII the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.007 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4707 May 24, 2018 
SEC. 12ll. INVESTIGATION TO DETERMINE IF COALITION PARTNERS OR UNITED STATES MILITARY OR INTEL-LIGENCE PERSONNEL VIOLATED FEDERAL LAW OR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE POLICY WHILE CON-DUCTING OPERATIONS IN YEMEN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an investigation to determine if coalition partners of the United States or members of the Armed Forces or intelligence personnel violated Federal law, the laws of armed conflict, or Department of Defense policy while conducting operations in Yemen. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The inves-tigation required under subsection (a) shall also seek to determine the following: (1) Whether any Armed Forces or intel-ligence personnel interrogated Yemeni citi-zens in prisons within Yemen or provided questions to foreign personnel for use in such interrogations, and whether such interroga-tions or actions were consistent with United States law and policy. (2) Whether any Armed Forces or intel-ligence personnel violated the prohibitions of section 362 of title 10, United States Code, while conducting operations in Yemen. (3) Whether any United States coalition partners committed gross violations of inter-nationally recognized human rights while conducting operations in Yemen that would make such coalition partners ineligible for any training, equipment, or other assistance for a unit of a foreign security force under section 362 of title 10, United States Code. (4) Whether a waiver or exception has been granted to United States coalition partners under section 362 of title 10, United States Code, while conducting operations in Yemen. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report that con-tains the findings of the investigation re-quired under this section. (2) F
ORM.—The report required under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (1) C
OALITION PARTNERS .—The term ‘‘coali-tion partners’’ has the meaning given such term in paragraph (3) of section 948a of title 10, United States Code. (2) G
ROSS VIOLATIONS OF INTERNATIONALLY  
RECOGNIZED HUMAN RIGHTS .—The term ‘‘gross violations of internationally recognized human rights’’ has the meaning given such term in subsection (d)(1) of section 502B of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2304). 
AMENDMENT NO . 121 OFFERED BY MR . DUNCAN OF  
TENNESSEE  At the end of subtitle H of title V of divi-sion A, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON AWARDS FOR COST-SAV-ING IDEAS. 
Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report detailing— (1) the total number of awards and com-mendations presented to any military per-sonnel for a cost-saving idea during the prior fiscal year; (2) a total estimate of the total savings as a result of the implementation of cost-saving ideas for which an award or commendation was presented; and (3) a description of how the Secretary plans to expand incentive programs for the purpose described in this section and streamline such programs. AMENDMENT NO . 122 OFFERED BY MR . BACON OF  
NEBRASKA  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. INCLUSION OF INFLUENCE OPER-ATIONS IN ANNUAL MILITARY RE-PORTS TO CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall modify the Department of Defense’s re-spective annual reports to Congress on the People’s Republic of China, the Russian Fed-eration, and Iran to include influence oper-ations as a matter to be included in such re-ports. (b) A
MENDMENTS TO REPORTS .—(1) Section 1202(b)(14) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by add-ing at the end before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘, including a description of efforts to use non-military tools, including diplo-macy and political coercion, information op-erations, and economic pressure to gain in-fluence in other countries and advance stra-tegic objectives,’’. (2) Section 1245(b)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) a description of efforts to use non- military tools, including diplomacy and po-litical coercion, information operations, and economic pressure to gain influence in other countries and advance strategic objectives.’’. (3) Section 1245(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3566) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(23) A description of efforts of Russia to use non-military tools, including diplomacy and political coercion, information oper-ations, and economic pressure to gain influ-ence in other countries and advance stra-tegic objectives.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 123 OFFERED BY MR . 
GOTTHEIMER OF NEW JERSEY  Page 538, after line 25, insert the following: (5) To remember the Holocaust, the annihi-lation of 6,000,000 Jews by the Nazi regime, and to pay tribute to the Allied troops who liberated Nazi concentration camps during World War II. Page 540, line 17, strike ‘‘(f)(2)’’ and insert ‘‘(g)(2)’’. Page 542, after line 4, insert the following (and redesignate succeeding subsections ac-cordingly): (f) C
ONSULTATION WITHDIRECTOR OF THE  U
NITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MU-
SEUM .—In designing the commemorative pro-gram conducted under this section, the Sec-retary of Defense shall consult with the Di-rector of the United States Holocaust Memo-rial Museum. 
AMENDMENT NO . 124 OFFERED BY MR . GOHMERT  
OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle I of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5ll. CHAPLAINCIES OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purposes of the chap-laincies of the Armed Forces are— (1) to accommodate the religious needs of members of the Armed Forces; (2) to provide religious and pastoral care to members of the Armed Forces; and (3) to provide advice to commanders of the Armed Forces on the complexities of religion with regard to the respective commander’s personnel and mission, as appropriate. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each chaplain of the Armed Forces shall be— (1) a member of a religious organization; (2) of sufficient education and ecclesias-tical qualification; and (3) qualified to conduct religious observ-ances or ceremonies. AMENDMENT NO . 125 OFFERED BY MS . BORDALLO  
OF GUAM  At the end of subtitle D of title VIII (page 361, after line 5), insert the following: 
SEC. 845. SECURITY OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE TELECOMMUNICATION SERV-ICES. 
In awarding contracts for telecommuni-cation services or installation of tele-communication infrastructure on military installations located in the United States or its territories, the Secretary of Defense shall give preference to American-owned and -oper-ated companies. 
AMENDMENT NO . 126 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  Page 67, line 23, after ‘‘sciences’’ insert ‘‘, plans to defend against quantum based at-tacks,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 127 OFFERED BY MR . 
ARRINGTON OF TEXAS  At the end of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. REPORT ON OA–X LIGHT ATTACK AIR-CRAFT APPLICABILITY TO PARTNER NATION SUPPORT. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the OA–X light at-tack aircraft experiment and how the pro-gram incorporates partner nation require-ments. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include a description of— (1) how the OA–X light attack experiment will support partner nations’ low-cost counter terrorism light attack capability; (2) the extent to which the attributes of af-fordability, interoperability, sustainability, simplicity of maintenance and operations are included in the requirements for the OA– X; and (3) how Federal Aviation Administration certification and a reasonable path for mili-tary type certifications for commercial de-rivative aircraft are factored into foreign military sales for a partner nation. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I currently have no speakers on this en bloc package, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I have no speakers on this. I urge adoption of the en bloc amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 118 will not be offered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.007 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4708 May 24, 2018 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 908, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 6 consisting of amendment Nos. 128, 129, 130, 131, 132, 133, 134, 135, 136, 137, 138, 139, 140, 141, 142, 143, and 144 printed in House Re-port 115–702, offered by Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 128 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  At the end of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 8ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING STEEL PRODUCED IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Frequent surges in unfairly trade steel imports have materially injured the iron ore and steel industries in the United States, putting our national, economic, and energy security at risk. (2) High-quality American steel products are vital to the success of the United States military and are used in a variety of applica-tions from aircraft carriers to armor plate for tanks as well as critical energy infra-structure like the electrical grid and energy pipelines. (3) Domestic producers of defense-related steel products are dependent on the overall financial health of the iron ore and steel in-dustries in the United States. (4) The loss of a strong domestic iron ore and steel industry would make the United States dangerously dependent upon foreign sources of steel, such as China. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that a strong domestic iron ore and steel industry is vital to the national secu-rity of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 129 OFFERED BY MR . DAVIDSON  
OF OHIO  Page 217, after line 17, insert the following: ‘‘(iv) A description of the methodology and criteria used by the Secretary to make deci-sions to close any military medical treat-ment facility or limit the health services provided by a military medical treatment fa-cility, including input from the affected military department.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 130 OFFERED BY MR . LOEBSACK  
OF IOWA  At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 221. STEM JOBS ACTION PLAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Jobs in science, technology, engineer-ing, and math in addition to maintenance and manufacturing (collectively referred to in this section as ‘‘STEM’’) make up a sig-nificant portion of the workforce of the De-partment of Defense. (2) These jobs exist within the organic in-dustrial base, research, development, and en-gineering centers, life-cycle management commands, and logistics centers of the De-partment. (3) Vital to the continued support of the mission of all of the military services, the Department needs to maintain its STEM workforce. (4) It is known that the demographics of personnel of the Department indicate that many of the STEM personnel of the Depart-ment will be eligible to retire in the next few years. (5) Decisive action is needed to replace STEM personnel as they retire to ensure that the military does not further suffer a skill and knowledge gap and thus a serious readiness gap. (b) ASSESSMENTS AND PLAN OF ACTION .— The Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of each military depart-ment, shall — (1) perform an assessment of the STEM workforce for organizations within the De-partment of Defense, including the numbers and types of positions and the expectations for losses due to retirements and voluntary departures; (2) identify the types and quantities of STEM jobs needed to support future mission work; (3) determine the shortfall between lost STEM personnel and future requirements; (4) analyze and explain the appropriateness and impact of using reimbursable and work-ing capital fund dollars for new STEM hires; (5) identify a plan of action to address the STEM jobs gap, including hiring strategies and timelines for replacement of STEM em-ployees; and (6) deliver to Congress, not later than De-cember 31, 2019, a report specifying such plan of action. 
AMENDMENT NO . 131 OFFERED BY MR . SCHNEIDER  
OF ILLINOIS  Page 381, after line 9, insert the following: 
SEC. 861. VETERAN ENTREPRENEURSHIP TRAIN-ING. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should coordinate with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to in-clude relevant aspects of veterans assistance programs of the Small Business Administra-tion in the Transition Assistance Program established under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code. (b) B
OOTS TO BUSINESS PROGRAM .—Section 32 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657b) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) B
OOTS TO BUSINESS PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘covered individual’ means— ‘‘(i) a member of the Armed Forces, includ-ing the National Guard or Reserves; ‘‘(ii) an individual who is participating in the Transition Assistance Program estab-lished under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code; ‘‘(iii) an individual who— ‘‘(I) served on active duty in any branch of the Armed Forces, including the National Guard or Reserves; and ‘‘(II) was discharged or released from such service under conditions other than dishon-orable; and ‘‘(iv) a spouse or dependent of an individual described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii); and ‘‘(B) the term ‘Vet Center’ has the meaning given in section 1712A(h) of title 38, United States Code. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall carry out a program to be known as the ‘Boots to Business Program’ to provide en-trepreneurship training to covered individ-uals. ‘‘(3) G
OALS .—The goals of the Boots to Business Program are to— ‘‘(A) provide assistance and in-depth train-ing to covered individuals interested in busi-ness ownership; and ‘‘(B) provide covered individuals with the tools, skills, and knowledge necessary to identify a business opportunity, draft a busi-ness plan, identify sources of capital, con-nect with local resources for small business concerns, and launch a small business con-cern. ‘‘(4) PROGRAM COMPONENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Boots to Business Program may include— ‘‘(i) a presentation providing exposure to the considerations involved in self-employ-ment and ownership of a small business con-cern; ‘‘(ii) an online, self-study course focused on the basic skills of entrepreneurship, the lan-guage of business, and the considerations in-volved in self-employment and ownership of a small business concern; ‘‘(iii) an in-person classroom instruction component providing an introduction to the foundations of self employment and owner-ship of a small business concern; and ‘‘(iv) in-depth training delivered through online instruction, including an online course that leads to the creation of a busi-ness plan. ‘‘(B) C
OLLABORATION .—The Administrator may— ‘‘(i) collaborate with public and private en-tities to develop course curricula for the Boots to Business Program; and ‘‘(ii) modify program components in co-ordination with entities participating in a Warriors in Transition program, as defined in section 738(e) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (10 U.S.C. 1071 note). ‘‘(C) U
TILIZATION OF RESOURCE PARTNERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(I) ensure that Veteran Business Outreach Centers regularly participate, on a nation-wide basis, in the Boots to Business Pro-gram; and ‘‘(II) to the maximum extent practicable, use a variety of other resource partners and entities in administering the Boots to Busi-ness Program. ‘‘(ii) G
RANT AUTHORITY .—In carrying out clause (i), the Administrator may make grants to Veteran Business Outreach Cen-ters, other resource partners, or other enti-ties to carry out components of the Boots to Business Program. ‘‘(D) A
VAILABILITY TO DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE .—The Administrator shall make avail-able to the Secretary of Defense information regarding the Boots to Business Program, in-cluding all course materials created for the Boots to Business Program, for inclusion on the website of the Department of Defense re-lating to the Transition Assistance Program, in the Transition Assistance Program man-ual, and in other relevant materials avail-able for distribution from the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(E) A
VAILABILITY TO VETERANS AFFAIRS .— In consultation with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, the Administrator shall make available outreach materials regarding the Boots to Business Program for distribution and display at local facilities of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs which shall, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) describe the Boots to Business Pro-gram and the services provided; and ‘‘(ii) include eligibility requirements for participating in the Boots to Business Pro-gram. ‘‘(5) R
EVIEW .—The Inspector General of the Administration shall submit to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives an annual report regarding the award-ing of grants to entities under paragraph (4)(C). ‘‘(6) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection and every year thereafter, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.013 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4709 May 24, 2018 
House of Representatives a report on the per-formance and effectiveness of the Boots to Business Program, which may be included as part of another report submitted to such Committees by the Administrator, and which shall include— ‘‘(A) the number of program participants using each component of the Boots to Busi-ness Program; ‘‘(B) the completion rates for each compo-nent of the Boots to Business Program; ‘‘(C) to the extent possible— ‘‘(i) the demographics of program partici-pants, to include gender, age, race, relation-ship to military, military occupational spe-cialty, and years of service of program par-ticipants; ‘‘(ii) the number of small business concerns formed or expanded with assistance under the Boots to Business Program; ‘‘(iii) the gross receipts of small business concerns receiving assistance under the Boots to Business Program; ‘‘(iv) the number of jobs created with as-sistance under the Boots to Business Pro-gram; ‘‘(v) the number of referrals to other re-sources and programs of the Administration; ‘‘(vi) the number of program participants receiving financial assistance under loan programs of the Administration; ‘‘(vii) the type and dollar amount of finan-cial assistance received by program partici-pants under any loan program of the Admin-istration; and ‘‘(viii) results of participant satisfaction surveys, including a summary of any com-ments received from program participants; ‘‘(D) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Boots to Business Program in each re-gion of the Administration during the most recent fiscal year; ‘‘(E) an assessment of additional perform-ance outcome measures for the Boots to Business Program, as identified by the Ad-ministrator; ‘‘(F) any recommendations of the Adminis-trator for improvement of the Boots to Busi-ness Program, which may include expansion of the types of individuals who are covered individuals; ‘‘(G) an explanation of how the Boots to Business Program has been integrated with other transition programs and related re-sources of the Administration and other Fed-eral agencies; and ‘‘(H) any additional information the Ad-ministrator determines necessary.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 132 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
OF ARKANSAS  At the end of subtitle G of title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) military intelligence programs should be provided additional resources, authori-ties, and direction with respect to prevention of and response to bombings using explosive ordnance thereby ensuring the safety of the United States and its citizens; (2) additional explosive ordnance disposal intelligence personnel are required to im-prove the ability of the intelligence commu-nity to safeguard the United States; (3) because of increasing use of explosive ordnance, which includes improvised explo-sive devices, the Secretary of Defense should make it a priority to enhance explosive ord-nance disposal intelligence efforts to protect and safeguard the United States; and (4) Congress should work to develop a com-prehensive response to the issue of preven-tion of bombings in recognition of the con-tributions made by the 122-military explo-sive ordnance disposal personnel that have died in the line of duty since the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. AMENDMENT NO . 133 OFFERED BY MR . EVANS OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  Page 381, after line 9, insert the following: 
SEC. 861. IMPROVEMENT OF SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS PROGRAM. 
(a) U SE OF AUTHORIZED ENTREPRENEURIAL  D
EVELOPMENT PROGRAMS .—The Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is amended— (1) by redesignating section 48 as section 49; and (2) by inserting after section 47 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 48. USE OF AUTHORIZED ENTREPRE-NEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PRO-GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) E XPANDED SUPPORT FOR ENTRE -
PRENEURS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator shall only deliver entrepreneurial develop-ment services, entrepreneurial education, support for the development and mainte-nance of clusters, or business training through a program authorized under— ‘‘(A) section 7(j), 7(m), 8(a), 8(b)(1), 21, 22, 29, or 32 of this Act; or ‘‘(B) sections 358 or 389 of the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not apply to services provided to assist small business concerns owned by an Indian tribe (as such term is defined in section 8(a)(13)). ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Beginning on the first December 1 after the date of the enact-ment of this subsection, the Administrator shall annually report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate on all entrepreneurial development activities un-dertaken in the current fiscal year through a program described in subsection (a). Such re-port shall include— ‘‘(1) a description and operating details for each program and activity; ‘‘(2) operating circulars, manuals, and standard operating procedures for each pro-gram and activity; ‘‘(3) a description of the process used to award grants under each program and activ-ity; ‘‘(4) a list of all awardees, contractors, and vendors (including organization name and lo-cation) and the amount of awards for the current fiscal year for each program and ac-tivity; ‘‘(5) the amount of funding obligated for the current fiscal year for each program and activity; and ‘‘(6) the names and titles for those individ-uals responsible for each program and activ-ity.’’. (b) M
ARKETING OF SERVICES .—Section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) N
OPROHIBITION OF MARKETING OF  S
ERVICES .—The Administrator shall not pro-hibit applicants receiving grants under this section from marketing and advertising their services to individuals and small busi-ness concerns.’’. (c) D
ATACOLLECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 21(a)(3)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(3)(A)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘as provided in this section and’’ and inserting ‘‘as provided in this sec-tion,’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and (iv) governing data collection activities related to applicants re-ceiving grants under this section’’. (2) A
NNUAL REPORT ON DATA COLLECTION .— Section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648), as amended by subsection (b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) ANNUAL REPORT ON DATA COLLEC -
TION.—The Administrator shall report annu-ally to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship of the Senate on any data collection ac-tivities related to the Small Business Devel-opment Center Program.’’. (3) W
ORKING GROUP TO IMPROVE DATA COL -
LECTION .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT AND STUDY .—The Ad- ministrator of the Small Business Adminis-tration shall establish a group to be known as the ‘‘Data Collection Working Group’’ consisting of members from entrepreneurial development grant recipients associations and organizations and officials from the Small Business Administration, to carry out a study to determine the best way to capture data collection and create or revise existing systems dedicated to data collection. (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Data Collection Working Group shall issue a report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate containing the findings and deter-minations made in carrying out the study re-quired under paragraph (1), including— (i) recommendations for revising existing data collection practices; and (ii) a proposed plan for the Small Business Administration to implement such rec-ommendations. (d) F
EESFROM PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS AND  C
OSPONSORSHIPS .—Section 21(a)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(3)(C)), as amended by subsection (c), is further amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) F
EES FROM PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS  
AND COSPONSORSHIPS .—A small business de-velopment center that participates in a pri-vate partnership or cosponsorship with the Administration shall not be prohibited from collecting fees or other income related to the operation of such a private partnership or cosponsorship.’’. (e) E
QUITY FOR SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOP -
MENT CENTERS .—Subclause (I) of section 21(a)(4)(C)(v) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(4)(C)(v)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available in any fiscal year to carry out this section, not more than $600,000 may be used by the Administration to pay expenses enu-merated in subparagraphs (B) through (D) of section 20(a)(1).’’. (f) C
ONFIDENTIALITY REQUIREMENTS .—Sec- tion 21(a)(7)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(7)(A)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘under this section’’ the following: ‘‘to any State, local, or Federal agency, or to any third party’’. (g) L
IMITATION ON AWARD OF GRANTS TO  S
MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648), as amended by subsection (c), is further amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘any women’s business center operating pursuant to section 29,’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) L
IMITATION ON AWARD OF GRANTS .—Ex- cept for not-for-profit institutions of higher education, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator may not award grants (including contracts and coop-erative agreements) under this section to any entity other than those that received grants (including contracts and cooperative agreements) under this section prior to the date of the enactment of this subsection, and that seek to renew such grants (including contracts and cooperative agreements) after such date.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.008 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4710 May 24, 2018 
(2) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The amend-ments made by this section may not be con-strued as prohibiting a women’s business center (as described under section 29 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656)) from re-ceiving a subgrant from an entity receiving a grant under section 21 of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 648). 
AMENDMENT NO . 134 OFFERED BY MS . FRANKEL  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle G of title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-TIONS FOR RESEARCH ON WOMEN’S CONTRIBUTIONS TO SECURITY. 
Of the amounts authorized to be appro-priated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019, $150,000 shall be made available for research on women’s contributions to security at the National Defense University Institute for National Strategic Studies. 
AMENDMENT NO . 135 OFFERED BY MR . RASKIN OF  
MARYLAND  At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. FUNDING FOR DEVELOPMENT OF CA-NINE PLASMA FOR HEMORRHAGIC CONTROL. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D, the amount authorized to be appro-priated in section 201 for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4201, for the United States Special Operations Command is hereby increased by $5,000,000 for the development of freeze-dried canine plasma for hemorrhagic control. (b) O
FFSET .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 101 for procurement, Defense-wide, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4101, for the United States Special Operations Command is hereby reduced by $5,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 136 OFFERED BY MS . FRANKEL  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle G of title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. NATIONAL STRATEGY FOR COUN-TERING VIOLENT EXTREMISM. 
Section 1094(a)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–91) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(iv), by inserting ‘‘including those led by women or focused on empowering women,’’ after ‘‘groups,’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph (E): ‘‘(E) Goals to— ‘‘(i) support women’s leadership and full participation in preventing and countering violent extremism; ‘‘(ii) reduce gender barriers to peace and security, such as gender-based violence and its harmful effects on individuals and com-munities; and ‘‘(iii) address gender-specific drivers of radicalization and terrorist recruitment strategies.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 137 OFFERED BY MR . COFFMAN  
OF COLORADO  At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. BRIEFING ON COMMERCIAL SAT-ELLITE SERVICING CAPABILITIES. 
(a) B RIEFING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, shall jointly provide the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate, and to any other appro-priate congressional committee upon re-quest, a briefing detailing the costs, risks, and operational benefits of leveraging com-mercial satellite servicing capabilities for national security satellite systems. (b) ELEMENTS .—The briefing under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A prioritized list, with rationale, of operational and planned assets of the De-partment of Defense that could be enhanced by satellite servicing missions. (2) The costs, risks, and benefits of inte-grating satellite servicing capabilities as a part of operational resilience. (3) Potential strategies that could allow fu-ture national security space systems to le-verage commercial in-orbit servicing capa-bilities where appropriate and feasible. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committee’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives; and (3) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 138 OFFERED BY MS . SHEA - 
PORTER OF NEW HAMSPHIRE  At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. REPORT ON SECURITY COOPERATION PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN CER-TAIN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to ap-propriate congressional committees a report on security cooperation programs and activi-ties of the Department of Defense in the for-eign countries specified in subsection (b) that were carried out at any time during the period beginning on September 11, 2001, and ending on such date of enactment. (b) F
OREIGN COUNTRIES SPECIFIED .—The foreign countries specified in this subsection are the following: (1) Afghanistan. (2) Iraq. (3) Yemen. (4) Nigeria. (5) Mali. (6) Chad. (7) Somalia. (8) The Philippines. (9) Any other country as determined by the Secretary of Defense. (c) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Lessons learned and best practices with respect to such security cooperation pro-grams and activities of the Department of Defense. (2) Relevant recommendations for future security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense. (3) Recommendations for monitoring and evaluation metrics for future security co-operation programs and activities of the De-partment of Defense. (4) Evaluation of the efficacy of the assess-ment tools used by the Department of De-fense and other relevant security coopera-tion agencies with respect to such security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense for purposes of meas-uring improvements made by the forces of the foreign countries specified in subsection (b). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) S
ECURITY COOPERATION PROGRAMS AND  
ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— The term ‘‘security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense’’ has the meaning given such term in section 301(7) of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 139 OFFERED BY MS . SINEMA OF  
ARIZONA  Add at the end of subtitle C of title XII the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON EVOLVING FINANCING MECHANISMS LEVERAGED BY THE ISLAMIC STATE AND AFFILIATE EN-TITIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary of State, in coordination with other appropriate Federal officials, shall jointly submit to Congress a report that con-tains an assessment regarding— (1) the current funding mechanisms used by the Islamic State and affiliated entities; (2) the most likely future financing mecha-nisms available to the Islamic State and af-filiated entities; and (3) United States efforts to deny access to such funding mechanisms. 
AMENDMENT NO . 140 OFFERED BY MS . SINEMA OF  
ARIZONA  At the end of subtitle D of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. REPORT ON WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION CAPABILITIES OF ACTIVE AND RE-SERVE COMPONENTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the Sense of Congress that wildfires endanger national se-curity. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a report on the wildfire suppression ca-pabilities within the active and reserve com-ponents of the Armed Forces, including the Modular Airborne Fire Fighting System Pro-gram, and interagency cooperation with the Forest Service and the Department of the In-terior. 
AMENDMENT NO . 141 OFFERED BY MS . SINEMA OF  
ARIZONA  Page 157, line 12, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 157, line 14, strike the period and in-sert ‘‘; and’’. Page 157, after line 14, insert the following: (v) ensure members obtain sufficient finan-cial literacy to effectively leverage conferred benefits and opportunities for employment, education, vocational training, and entrepre-neurship. 
AMENDMENT NO . 142 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
OF WASHINGTON  At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI of di-vision A, add the following: 
SEC. lll. HANFORD WASTE TANK CLEANUP PROGRAM. 
Section 4442(e) of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2622(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 143 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
LOUISIANA  Page 175, after line 17, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 573. ELIGIBILITY OF VETERANS OF OPER-ATION END SWEEP FOR VIETNAM SERVICE MEDAL. 
The Secretary of the military department concerned may, upon the application of an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.008 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4711 May 24, 2018 
individual who is a veteran who participated in Operation End Sweep, award that indi-vidual the Vietnam Service Medal. 
AMENDMENT NO . 144 OFFERED BY MR . SCHRADER  
OF OREGON  At the end of subtitle F of title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS IN DEFENSE BUSINESS BOARD STUDY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the efforts of the Secretary to imple-ment the recommendations set forth in the study conducted by the Defense Business Board titled ‘‘Transforming Department of Defense’s Core Business Processes for Revo-lutionary Change’’. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the actions carried out by the Secretary of Defense to implement the recommendations set forth in the study described in subsection (a); (2) identification of the specific rec-ommendations, if any, that have been imple-mented by the Secretary; (3) the amount of any cost savings achieved as a result of implementing such recommendations; (4) identification of any recommendations that have not been implemented; and (5) alternative recommendations to trans-form core business processes that would help the Department of Defense to achieve cost savings. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. b0930 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the en bloc package, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 908, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 7 consisting of amendment Nos. 145, 146, 147, 148, 149, 150, 151, 152, 153, 154, 155, 156, 157, 158, 159, 160, 161, 162, 163, 164, 165, 166, and 167 printed in House Report 115–702, of-fered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 145 OFFERED BY MS . STEFANIK  
OF NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle G of title V, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 566. TEMPORARY EXPANSION OF AUTHOR-ITY FOR NONCOMPETITIVE AP-POINTMENTS OF MILITARY SPOUSES BY FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—During the 2-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, section 3330d of title 5, United States Code, shall be applied— (1) without regard to— (A) paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) of subsection (a); and (B) subsection (c); (2) in subsection (b)(1), by substituting ‘‘a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces on active duty’’ for ‘‘a relocating spouse of a member of the Armed Forces’’; and (3) in subsection (d)(1), by substituting ‘‘subsection (a)(3)’’ for ‘‘subsection (a)(6)’’. (b) OPM LIMITATION AND REPORTS .— (1) R
ELOCATING SPOUSES .—With respect to the noncompetitive appointment of a relo-cating spouse of a member of the Armed Forces under subsection (b)(1) of section 3330d of title 5, United States Code, as modi-fied by subsection (a), the Director of the Of-fice of Personnel Management— (A) shall monitor the number of such ap-pointments; (B) shall require the head of each agency with authority to make such appointments under such section to submit an annual re-port to the Director on such appointments, including information on the number of indi-viduals so appointed, the types of positions filled, and the effectiveness of the authority for such appointments; and (C) not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, shall submit a report to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Government Affairs of the Senate on the use and effectiveness of such authority. (2) N
ON-RELOCATING SPOUSES .—With respect to the noncompetitive appointment of a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces other than a relocating spouse described in paragraph (1), the Director of the Office of Personnel Management— (A) shall treat the spouse as a relocating spouse under paragraph (1); and (B) may limit the number of such appoint-ments. (c) S
UNSET .—Effective on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the authority under this section, including the authority provided by the modifications to section 3330d of title 5, United States Code, shall expire. 
AMENDMENT NO . 146 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  Page 124, after line 2, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 528. ATTENDING PHYSICIAN TO THE CON-GRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 41 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before section 716 the following new section: ‘‘§ 715. Attending Physician to the Congress: grade ‘‘A general officer serving as Attending Physician to the Congress, while so serving, holds the grade of major general. A flag offi-cer serving as Attending Physician to the Congress, while so serving, holds the grade of rear admiral (upper half).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting before the item relat-ing the section 716 the following new item: ‘‘715. Attending Physician to Congress: grade’’. At the end of subtitle A of title V, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 507. GRADES OF CHIEFS OF CHAPLAINS. 
(a) A RMY.—Section 3073 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a)’’ before ‘‘There’’; and (2) by adding at the ends the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) The Chief of Chaplains, while so serv-ing, holds the grade of major general.’’. (b) NAVY.—Section 5142 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) The Chief of Chaplains, while so serv-ing, holds the grade of rear admiral (upper half).’’. (c) A
IRFORCE .—Section 8039 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) G
RADE OF CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS .—The Chief of Chaplains, while so serving, holds the grade of major general.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 147 OFFERED BY MS . STEFANIK  
OF NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle E of title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. NATIONAL SECURITY COMMISSION ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the executive branch an independent Commis-sion to review advances in artificial intel-ligence, related machine learning develop-ments, and associated technologies. (2) T
REATMENT .—The Commission shall be considered an independent establishment of the Federal Government as defined by sec-tion 104 of title 5, United States Code, and a temporary organization under section 3161 of such title. (3) D
ESIGNATION .—The Commission estab-lished under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘National Security Commission on Arti-ficial Intelligence’’. (4) M
EMBERSHIP .— (A) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of 15 members appointed as fol-lows: (i) The Secretary of Defense shall appoint 2 members. (ii) The Secretary of Commerce shall ap-point 1 member. (iii) The Chairman of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate shall appoint 1 member. (iv) The Ranking Member of the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate shall appoint 1 member. (v) The Chairman of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives shall appoint 1 member. (vi) The Ranking Member of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives shall appoint 1 member. (vii) The Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate shall appoint 1 member. (viii) The Ranking Member of the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate shall appoint 1 member. (ix) The Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives shall appoint 1 member. (x) The Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives shall appoint 1 member. (xi) The Chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate shall appoint 1 member. (xii) The Vice Chairman of the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate shall appoint 1 member. (xiii) The Chairman of the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives shall appoint 1 member. (xiv) The Ranking Member of the Perma-nent Select Committee Intelligence of the House of Representatives shall appoint 1 member. (B) D
EADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed to the Commission under paragraph (1) not later than 90 days after the Commission establishment date. (C) E
FFECT OF LACK OF APPOINTMENT BY AP -
POINTMENT DATE .—If one or more appoint-ments under paragraph (1) is not made by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.008 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4712 May 24, 2018 
the appointment date specified in paragraph (2), the authority to make such appointment or appointments shall expire, and the num-ber of members of the Commission shall be reduced by the number equal to the number of appointments so not made. (5) C
HAIR AND VICE CHAIR .—The Commission shall elect a Chair and Vice Chair from among its members. (6) T
ERMS .—Members shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. A vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, and shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment was made. (7) S
TATUS AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .—Not- withstanding the requirements of section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, including the required supervision under subsection (a)(3) of such section, the members of the Commission shall be deemed to be Federal employees. (b) D
UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall carry out the review described in paragraph (2). In carrying out such review, the Commis-sion shall consider the methods and means necessary to advance the development of ar-tificial intelligence, machine learning, and associated technologies by the United States to comprehensively address the national se-curity and defense needs of the United States. (2) S
COPE OF THE REVIEW .—In conducting the review paragraph (1), the Commission shall consider the following: (A) The competitiveness of the United States in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and other associated technologies, including matters related to national secu-rity, defense, public-private partnerships, and investments. (B) Means and methods for the United States to maintain a technological advan-tage in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and other associated technologies related to national security and defense. (C) Developments and trends in inter-national cooperation and competitiveness, including foreign investments in artificial intelligence, related machine learning, and computer science fields that are materially related to national security and defense. (D) Means by which to foster greater em-phasis and investments in basic and ad-vanced research to stimulate private, public, academic and combined initiatives in artifi-cial intelligence, machine learning, and other associated technologies, to the extent that such efforts have application materially related to national security and defense. (E) Workforce and education incentives to attract and recruit leading talent in artifi-cial intelligence and machine learning dis-ciplines, including science, technology, engi-neering, and math programs. (F) Risks associated with United States and foreign country advances in military employment of artificial intelligence and machine learning, including international law of armed conflict, international humani-tarian law, and escalation dynamics. (G) Associated ethical considerations re-lated to artificial intelligence and machine learning as it will be used for future applica-tions related to national security and de-fense. (H) Means to establish data standards, and incentivize the sharing of open training data within related national security and defense data-driven industries. (I) Consideration of the evolution of artifi-cial intelligence and appropriate mechanism for managing such technology related to na-tional security and defense. (J) Any other matters the Commission deems relevant to the common defense of the Nation. (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) INITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress an initial report on the findings of the Commission and such rec-ommendations that the Commission may have for action by the executive branch and Congress related to artificial intelligence, machine learning, and associated tech-nologies, including recommendations to more effectively organize the Federal Gov-ernment. (2) A
NNUAL COMPREHENSIVE REPORTS .—Not later than one year after the date of this en-actment of this Act, and every year there-after annually, until the date specified in subsection (e), the Commission shall submit a comprehensive report on the review re-quired under subsection (b). (3) F
ORM OF REPORTS .—Reports submitted under this subsection shall be made pub-lically available, but may include a classi-fied annex. (d) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense, not more than $10,000,000 shall be made available to the Commission to carry out its duties under this subtitle. Funds made available to the Commission under the preceding sentence shall remain available until expended. (e) T
ERMINATION .—The Commission shall terminate on October 1, 2020. (f) D
EFINITION OF ARTIFICIAL INTEL -
LIGENCE .—In this section, the term ‘‘artifi-cial intelligence’’ includes each of the fol-lowing: (1) Any artificial system that performs tasks under varying and unpredictable cir-cumstances without significant human over-sight, or that can learn from experience and improve performance when exposed to data sets. (2) An artificial system developed in com-puter software, physical hardware, or other context that solves tasks requiring human- like perception, cognition, planning, learn-ing, communication, or physical action. (3) An artificial system designed to think or act like a human, including cognitive ar-chitectures and neural networks. (4) A set of techniques, including machine learning that is designed to approximate a cognitive task. (5) An artificial system designed to act ra-tionally, including an intelligent software agent or embodied robot that achieves goals using perception, planning, reasoning, learn-ing, communicating, decision-making, and acting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 148 OFFERED BY MR . TAYLOR OF  
VIRGINIA  Page 937, after line 12, insert the following: 
SEC. 2845. DEFENSE ACCESS ROADS RELATING TO CLOSURES DUE TO SEA LEVEL RISE AND FLOODING. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 210(a)(1) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘closures or restrictions’’ and inserting ‘‘closures, closures due to sea level rise and flooding, or restrictions’’. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Section 210 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) Beginning in fiscal year 2019, funds ap-propriated for the purposes of this section shall be available to pay the cost of repairing damage caused to, and for any infrastructure to mitigate the risks posed to, highways by recurrent flooding and sea level rise, if the Secretary shall determine that continued ac-cess to a military installation has been im-pacted by past flooding and projected sea level rise.’’. AMENDMENT NO . 149 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle D of title VIII (page 361, after line 5), insert the following new section: 
SEC. 845. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON UNMANNED GROUND VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY. 
It is the sense of Congress that design, manufacturing, and repair of the technology in unmanned ground vehicles is critical to national security. To that end, the national technology and industrial base periodic de-fense capability assessments required under section 2505 of title 10, United States Code, as well as the national security strategy for the national technology and industrial base required under section 2501 of such title, should include the unmanned ground vehi-cles industry. 
AMENDMENT NO . 150 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
OF ALABAMA  Page 729, before line 1, insert the following: (3) B
RIEFING .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall provide the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate a briefing on the need to develop additional recruitment measures or Reserve Officer Training Corps programs relating to space career fields. 
AMENDMENT NO . 151 OFFERED BY MR . KELLY OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12xx. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS TO IMPLEMENT THE ARMS TRADE TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to fund a Secretariat or any other international organization established to support the implementation of the Arms Trade Treaty, to sustain domestic prosecu-tions based on any charge related to the Treaty, or to implement the Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty and implementing legislation for the Treaty has been enacted into law. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preclude the Department of Defense from assisting foreign countries in bringing their laws, reg-ulations, and practices related to export con-trol up to United States standards. 
AMENDMENT NO . 152 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 175, line 24, insert ‘‘, on a quarterly basis, on a website of the Department’’ after ‘‘publicly available’’. Page 176, line 2, insert ‘‘as of the date of the submittal of the report and the total number of members of the Armed Forces so deployed during the quarter covered by the report’’ before the period at the end. Page 176, after line 19, insert the following: (3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—If a waiver is issued under this subsection, notice of such waiver shall be included in the report made publicly available under subsection (a) for the applicable quarter, together with infor-mation about the timing of the waiver. 
AMENDMENT NO . 153 OFFERED BY MR . SAM 
JOHNSON OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 7ll. STUDY ON REQUIREMENT FOR CER-TAIN FORMER MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO ENROLL IN MEDICARE PART B TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR TRICARE FOR LIFE. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Com-missioner of Social Security shall jointly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.009 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4713 May 24, 2018 
submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the requirement that a covered individual enroll in the supplementary medical insur-ance program under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.) in order to be eligible for TRICARE for Life. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The study under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of whether the requirement described in such subsection affects covered individuals from returning to work. (2) The number of individuals who— (A) are retired from the Armed Forces under chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code; (B) are entitled to hospital insurance bene-fits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act pursuant to receiving benefits for 24 months as described in subparagraph (A) or (C) of section 226(b)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 426(b)(2)); and (C) because of such entitlement, are no longer enrolled in TRICARE Standard, TRICARE Prime, TRICARE Extra, or TRICARE Select. (3) The number of covered individuals who would potentially enroll in TRICARE for Life but not enroll in the supplementary medical insurance program under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.) if able. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘covered individual’’ means an individual— (A) who is under 65 years of age; (B) who is entitled to hospital insurance benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act pursuant to subpara-graph (A) or (C) of section 226(b)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 426(b)(2)); (C) whose entitlement to a benefit de-scribed in subparagraph (A) of such section has terminated due to performance of sub-stantial gainful activity; and (D) who is retired under chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code. (2) The terms ‘‘TRICARE for Life’’, ‘‘TRICARE Extra’’, ‘‘TRICARE Standard’’, ‘‘TRICARE Select’’, and ‘‘TRICARE Prime’’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 154 OFFERED BY MR . BARR OF  
KENTUCKY  At the end of subtitle F of title V, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 560. ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITIES IN CONNECTION WITH JUNIOR RE-SERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PROGRAMS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOCONVERT OTHERWISE  C
LOSING UNITS TO NATIONAL DEFENSE CADET  C
ORPS PROGRAM UNITS.—If the Secretary of a military department is notified by a local educational agency of the intent of the agen-cy to close its Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (JROTC) unit, the Secretary shall offer the agency the option of con-verting the program to a National Defense Cadet Corps (NDCC) program unit in lieu of closing the unit. (b) F
LEXIBILITY IN ADMINISTRATION OF IN-
STRUCTORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments shall undertake initia-tives designed to promote flexibility in the hiring and compensation of instructors for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program under the jurisdiction of such Sec-retaries. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The initiatives undertaken pursuant to this subsection may provide for one or more of the following: (A) Termination of the requirement for a waiver as a condition of the hiring of well- qualified non-commissioned officers with a bachelor’s degree for senior instructor posi-tions within the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. (B) Specification of a single instructor as the minimum number of instructors required to found and operate a Junior Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps unit. (C) Authority for Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps instructors to undertake school duties, in addition to Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps duties, at small schools. (D) Authority for the payment of instruc-tor compensation for a limited number of Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps in-structors on a 10-month per year basis rather than a 12-month per year basis. (E) Such other actions as the Secretaries of the military departments consider appro-priate. (c) FLEXIBILITY IN ALLOCATION AND USE OF  T
RAVEL FUNDING .—The Secretaries of the military departments shall take appropriate actions to provide so-called regional direc-tors of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs located at remote rural schools enhanced discretion in the allocation and use of funds for travel in connection with Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps activities. (d) S
TANDARDIZATION OF PROGRAM DATA.— The Secretary of Defense shall take appro-priate actions to standardize the data col-lected and maintained on the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs in order to facilitate and enhance the collection and analysis of such data. Such actions shall in-clude a requirement for the use of the Na-tional Center for Education Statistics (NCES) identification code for each school with a unit under a Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in order to facilitate identification of such schools and their units under the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs. (e) A
UTHORITY FOR ADDITIONAL UNITS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments may, using amounts authorized to be appropriated by paragraph (2), establish an aggregate of not more than 100 units under the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs in low-income and rural areas of the United States and areas of the United States currently underserved by the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs. (2) F
UNDING .—There is hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense amounts as follows: (A) For Operation and Maintenance, Army, $3,140,000, with the amount available for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps pro-gram of the Army. (B) For Operation and Maintenance, Navy, $950,000, with the amount available for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps pro-gram of the Navy. (C) For Operation and Maintenance, Air Force, $1,000,000, with the amount available for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program of the Air Force. (D) For Operation and Maintenance, Ma-rine Corps, $390,000, with the amount avail-able for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Train-ing Corps program of the Marine Corps. (E) For Military Personnel, $1,220,000, of which— (i) $500,000 is for the Army for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program of the Army; (ii) $270,000 is for the Navy for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program of the Navy; (iii) $380,000 is for the Air Force for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps pro-gram of the Air Force; and (iv) $70,000 is for the Marine Corps for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps pro-gram of the Marine Corps. (3) SUPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of De-fense by this subsection are in addition to any other amounts authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the Depart-ment under any other provision of law. (4) O
FFSET .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D— (A) the amount authorized to be appro-priated in section 101 for procurement, as set forth in the corresponding funding table in section 4101, for other procurement, Navy, aircraft support equipment (line 090), is here-by decreased by $3,200,000; and (B) the amount authorized to be appro-priated in section 101 for procurement, as set forth in the corresponding funding table in section 4101, for other procurement, Navy, civil engineering support equipment, items under $5 million (line 115), is hereby de-creased by $3,500,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 155 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 230, line 12, strike ‘‘Management’’ and insert ‘‘Medical’’. Page 231, line 8, strike ‘‘Management’’ and insert ‘‘Medical’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 156 OFFERED BY MR . REED OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle D of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. REPORT ON RELOCATION OF STEAM TURBINE PRODUCTION FROM NIM-ITZ-CLASS AND FORD-CLASS AIR-CRAFT CARRIERS, AND VIRGINIA- CLASS AND COLUMBIA-CLASS SUB-MARINES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, and Assistant Sec-retary of the Navy for Research, Develop-ment and Acquisition, shall develop and sub-mit to Congress a report describing the po-tential impacts on national defense and the manufacturing base resulting from contrac-tors or subcontracts relocating steam tur-bine production for Nimitz-class and Ford- class aircraft carriers, and Virginia-class and Columbia-class submarines. Such report shall address each of the following: (1) The overall risk of moving production on our national security including likelihood of production delay or reduction in quality of steam turbines. (2) The impact on natural security from a delay in production of aircraft carriers and submarines. (3) The impacts on regional suppliers the current production of steam turbines draw on and their ability to perform other con-tracts should a relocation happen. (4) The impact on the national industrial and manufacturing base and loss of a criti-cally skilled workforce resulting from a relo-cation of production. (5) The risk of moving production on total cost of the acquisition. 
AMENDMENT NO . 157 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle F of title V, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 560. TRANSITION OUTREACH PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense, in coordination with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.009 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4714 May 24, 2018 
Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Labor, Edu-cation, and Homeland Security, and the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Adminis-tration, shall establish a pilot program through the Transition to Veterans Program Office that fosters contact between veterans and the Department of Defense. (b) C
ONTACT .—The Secretary of Defense, and with respect to members of the Coast Guard, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, shall direct the Military Transition Assist-ance Teams of the Department of Defense to contact each veteran from the Armed Forces at least twice during each of the first three months after the veteran separates from the Armed Forces to— (1) inquire about the transition of the sepa-rated member to civilian life, including— (A) employment; (B) veterans benefits; (C) education; (D) family life; and (2) hear concerns of the veteran regarding transition. (c) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary shall complete operation of the pilot program under this section not later than September 30, 2019. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after termination of the pilot program under this section, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit a report to Congress regarding such pilot program, including the following, disaggregated by armed force: (1) The number of veterans contacted, in-cluding how many times such veterans were contacted. (2) Information regarding the age, sex, and geographic region of contacted veterans. (3) Concerns most frequently raised by the veterans. (4) What benefits the contacted veterans have received, and an estimate of the cost to the Federal Government for such benefits. (5) How many contacted veterans are em-ployed or have sought employment, includ-ing what fields of employment. (6) How many contacted veterans are en-rolled or have sought to enroll in a course of education, including what fields of study. (7) Recommendations for legislation to im-prove the long-term effectiveness of TAP and the well-being of veterans. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘armed force’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘TAP’’ means the Transition Assistance Program under sections 1142 and 1144 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 158 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER OF  
ILLINOIS  At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. REPORT ON COUNTERMEASURES TEST PROGRAM. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the status of the countermeasures test program. The report shall include an evalua-tion and response to the 2010 report by the JASON Defense Advisory Panel titled ‘‘MDA Discrimination’’, numbered JSR-10.620, with regard to the recommendations of that re-port on forming a countermeasures test pro-gram through an independent agency to— (1) challenge the countermeasure efforts of the Missile Defense Agency; (2) design countermeasures for the Missile Defense Agency; (3) simulate such countermeasures against the national missile defense; and (4) as appropriate, in cooperation with the Director, build and test countermeasures in intercept flight tests. AMENDMENT NO . 159 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. ASSESSMENT AND REPORT ON ACTIVE SHOOTER THREAT MITIGATION AT SCHOOLS LOCATED ON MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment of strategies that may be used to reduce the security threat posed by active shooter incidents at public elementary schools and secondary schools located on the grounds of Federal military installations. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that includes the results of the assessment con-ducted under subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 160 OFFERED BY MR . FLORES OF  
TEXAS  At the end of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PARTNER-SHIPS FOR NEXT GENERATION HYPERSONICS CAPABILITIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-retary of the Air Force should consider en-tering into long-term partnerships with in-stitutions of higher education, similar to the partnerships between such institutions and the Army and the Navy, to conduct research and science and engineering education for next generation hypersonics capabilities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 161 OFFERED BY MR . CRAMER  
OF NORTH DAKOTA  At the end of subtitle G of title X, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll. INCLUSION OF CERTAIN NAMES ON THE VIETNAM VETERANS MEMO-RIAL. 
The Secretary of Defense shall provide for the inclusion on the Vietnam Veterans Me-morial in the District of Columbia the names of the seventy-four crew members of the USS Frank E. Evans killed on June 3, 1969. 
AMENDMENT NO . 162 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER OF  
ILLINOIS  Page 817, after line 17, insert the following new subsection: (c) CBO R
EPORT ON COSTS RELATING TO  B
ALLISTIC , C RUISE , AND HYPERSONIC DE-
FENSES OF THE UNITED STATES .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Congressional Budget Office shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the fol-lowing: (A) An estimate of the costs over the 10- year period beginning on the date of the re-port associated with— (i) fielding and maintaining the current and planned ballistic, cruise, and hypersonic defenses of the United States; and (ii) implementing any new recommenda-tions of the Ballistic Missile Defense Review with regard to ballistic, cruise, and hypersonic defenses. (B) An estimate of the costs to design, launch, maintain, and operate space-based sensors of different constellation sizes rang-ing from limited to comprehensive. (2) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
AMENDMENT NO . 163 OFFERED BY MRS . 
HARTZLER OF MISSOURI  At the end of subtitle E of title X, insert the following: SEC. 10ll. EXPANSION OF DEFINITION OF COV-ERED FACILITY OR ASSET FOR PUR-POSES OF PROTECTION FROM UN-MANNED AIRCRAFT. 
Section 130i(j)(3)(C) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in clause (viii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ix), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(x) mobility airlift.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 164 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 31ll. MANUFACTURING TRADES EDU-CATION GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF MANUFACTURING  T
RADES EDUCATION PROGRAM .— (1) The Secretary of Energy, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Labor, may estab-lish a program, to be known as the ‘‘DOE Manufacturing Trades Grant Program Act’’, under which the Secretary of Energy pro-vides eligible entities described in paragraph (2), on a competitive basis, grants for tech-nical skills-based training programs, includ-ing apprenticeship and pre-apprenticeship programs, that provide recognized post-sec-ondary credentials during the 5-year grant period of 2019 through 2024 to support— (A) the enhancement of existing programs in manufacturing trades education to further the missions of the Department Of Energy national security laboratories and the NNSA Production Sites; or (B) the establishment of new programs in manufacturing trades education that meet such requirements. (2) Grants and awards under this section may be made to industry, not-for-profit in-stitutions, institutions of higher education, workforce intermediaries, or to consortia of such institutions or industry. (3) If the Secretary establishes the pro-gram, the Secretary shall establish the pro-gram in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, Secretary of Education, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy, and the heads of such other relevant Federal agencies as the Secretary of Energy considers appropriate. (4) If the Secretary establishes the pro-gram, the Secretary shall ensure that the program is coordinated with Department programs associated with advanced manufac-turing activities for missions within the De-partment Of Energy National Security Lab-oratories and the NNSA Production Sites. (b) G
EOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION OF GRANTS  
ANDAWARDS .—In awarding grants and other awards under this section, the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, avoid geographical and Departmental con-centration of awards. (c) C
OVERED PROGRAMS .—A program of manufacturing trades education supported pursuant to this section shall meet the re-quirements of this section. (d) C
OMPONENTS OF PROGRAM .—The pro- gram of education for which such a grant is made shall be a consolidated and integrated multidisciplinary program of education with an emphasis on the following components: (1) Multidisciplinary instruction that en-compasses the total manufacturing engineer-ing enterprise and that may include— (A) manufacturing trades education and training through classroom activities, lab-oratory, or employer site activities (or a combination thereof), on the job training ac-tivities, participation in employer site projects, sponsored pre-apprenticeship or ap-prenticeship programs, cooperative work- study programs, and interactions with other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.009 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4715 May 24, 2018 
industrial facilities, consortia, or such other activities and organizations in the United States and foreign countries as the Sec-retary considers appropriate; (B) Subject Matter Expert development programs; (C) recruitment of experienced and licensed professionals that are highly qualified in rel-evant manufacturing trades to teach or de-velop manufacturing trade courses and pro-gram content; (D) presentation of seminars, workshops, and training for the development of specific manufacturing trades skills; (E) activities involving interaction be-tween students and industry, including pro-grams for visiting experts from industry or other sites or industry and personnel ex-changes between Department Of Energy Na-tional Security Laboratories and the NNSA Production Sites; (F) development of new, or updating and modification of existing, manufacturing trades curriculum, course offerings, and edu-cation programs; (G) establishment of programs in manufac-turing workforce training that are specific to the unique skills and requirements needed at the Department Of Energy National Secu-rity Laboratories and the NNSA Production Sites; (H) establishment of joint manufacturing trades education programs with defense lab-oratories and, depots, national security lab-oratories, and NNSA production sites; and (I) expansion of manufacturing trades training and education programs and out-reach for members of the armed forces, de-pendents and children of such members, vet-erans, and employees of the Department of Defense, National Security Laboratories, and NNSA production sites. (2) Opportunities for students to obtain work experience in manufacturing through such activities as apprenticeship/pre-appren-ticeship programs, internships, summer job placements, or cooperative work-study pro-grams. (3) Faculty and student engagement with industry that is directly related to, and sup-portive of, the education of students in the manufacturing trades because of— (A) the increased understanding of manu-facturing challenges and potential solutions; and (B) the enhanced quality and effectiveness of the instruction that result from that in-creased understanding. (e) P
ROPOSALS .—If the Secretary estab-lishes the program, the Secretary shall so-licit proposals for grants and other awards to be made pursuant to this section for the sup-port of programs of manufacturing trades education that are consistent with the pur-poses of this section. (f) M
ERIT COMPETITION .—Applications for awards shall be evaluated on the basis of merit pursuant to competitive procedures prescribed by the Secretary. (g) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary may select a proposal for an award pursuant to this section if the proposal, at a min-imum, does each of the following: (1) Provides students access to registered apprenticeship or pre-apprenticeship pro-grams for improving trades education in manufacturing technology. (2) Contains innovative approaches for im-proving trades education in manufacturing technology. (3) Demonstrates a strong commitment by the proponents to apply the resources nec-essary to achieve the objectives for which the award is to be made. (4) Provides for effective engagement with industry or government organizations that supports the instruction to be provided in the proposed program and is likely to im-prove manufacturing capability and tech-nology. (5) Demonstrates a significant level of in-volvement of United States industry in the proposed instructional and research activi-ties. (6) Is likely to attract regional students that will provide long careers to the Depart-ment Of Energy National Security Labora-tories and the NNSA Production Sites and promote careers in manufacturing trades at these locations. (7) Proposes to involve fully qualified per-sonnel and employer site subject matter ex-perts who are experienced in manufacturing engineering education and technology. (8) Proposes a program that, within 3 years after the award is made, is likely to attract from sources other than the Federal Govern-ment the financial and other support nec-essary to sustain such program. (9) Proposes to achieve a significant level of participation by women, members of mi-nority groups, young adults in the age range of 17 to 29, and individuals with disabilities through active recruitment of students from among such persons. (10) Trains students in advanced manufac-turing trades and in relevant emerging tech-nologies and production processes. (h) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION DE-
FINED .—In this section the term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). 
AMENDMENT NO . 165 OFFERED BY MR . 
MCCLINTOCK OF CALIFORNIA  Add at the end the following: DIVISION E—FEES FOR MEDICAL SERV-ICES PROVIDED BY NATIONAL PARK SERVICE PERSONNEL 
SEC. 5101. FEES FOR MEDICAL SERVICES. 
(a) F EESAUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may establish and collect fees for medical serv-ices provided by National Park Service per-sonnel to persons— (1) inside of a unit of the National Park System; and (2) outside of a unit of the National Park System. (b) N
ATIONAL PARK MEDICAL SERVICES  F
UND.—There is hereby established in the Treasury a fund to be known as the ‘‘Na-tional Park Medical Services Fund’’. The Fund shall consist of— (1) donations to the Fund; and (2) fees collected under subsection (a). (c) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—All amounts deposited into the Fund shall be available to the Secretary, to the extent pro-vided in advance by Acts of appropriation, for the following: (1) Provision of services listed in sub-section (a). (2) Preparing needs assessments or other programmatic analyses for medical facili-ties, equipment, vehicles, and other needs and costs of providing services listed in sub-section (a). (3) Developing management plans for med-ical facilities, equipment, vehicles, and other needs and costs of services listed in sub-section (a). (4) Training related to providing services listed in subsection (a). (5) Obtaining or improving medical facili-ties, equipment, vehicles, and other needs and costs of providing services listed in sub-section (a). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Na-tional Park Medical Services Fund estab-lished by subsection (b). (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. AMENDMENT NO . 166 OFFERED BY MR . 
ROHRABACHER OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SECURITY COOPERATION WITH ERI-TREA. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the potential strategic benefits and risks of conducting se-curity cooperation with the Government of Eritrea, including benefits and risks with re-spect to each of the following: (1) Counterterrorism efforts. (2) The security situation in the Horn of Africa, the Red Sea region, and Yemen. (3) Other national security priorities of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 167 OFFERED BY MS . SHEA - 
PORTER OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. MODIFICATIONS TO CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS RE-GARDING SUPPORT FOR OPER-ATIONS AND CAPACITY BUILDING. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO PROVIDE SUPPORT FOR  C
ONDUCT OF OPERATIONS .—Section 331(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (H); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) An evaluation of political, social, eco-nomic, diplomatic, and historical factors, if any, of the participating country that may impair or inhibit the effectiveness of support to be provided to the participating country. ‘‘(F) An assessment of the sustainability of support to be provided to the participating country by the United States. ‘‘(G) A description of measures being taken to ensure the participating country does not become dependent on United States assist-ance to be provided under this section.’’. (b) D
EFENSE INSTITUTION CAPACITY BUILD-
ING.—Section 332(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(D) An assessment of the objectives of the United States and foreign countries partici-pating in the program. ‘‘(E) An evaluation of political, social, eco-nomic, diplomatic, and historical factors, if any, of foreign countries participating in the program that may impair or inhibit the ef-fectiveness of the program. ‘‘(F) An assessment of the sustainability of support to be provided to foreign countries participating in the program. ‘‘(G) A description of measures being taken to ensure foreign countries participating in the program do not become dependent on United States assistance to be provided under the program.’’. (c) F
OREIGN SECURITY FORCES CAPACITY  B
UILDING .—Section 333(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) An evaluation of political, social, eco-nomic, diplomatic, and historical factors, if any, of the foreign country that may impair or inhibit the effectiveness of the program.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.009 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4716 May 24, 2018 
Mr. Chairman, I want to take a mo-ment as we approach the conclusion of this debate to again express my appre-ciation to the members of the Armed Services Committee, to all of the Mem-bers of the House who have contributed to this product, as well as to our staff. Mr. Chairman, I think many Mem-bers do not realize that it requires a lot of long, hard, late work on the part of the staff to sift through the 578 amend-ments that were filed for the Rules Committee in order to make our floor consideration go as smoothly as it has. I want to express again, as I have started our general debate, my appre-ciation to not only our committee staff, who have been doing this throughout markup and on to floor consideration, but the Rules Com-mittee staff and the leadership staff on both sides that have facilitated this product. It was a good bill to begin with, but with the assistance of a number of Members, it has become a better prod-uct, and it is certainly a worthy cause for Members to participate in and to show our support for the men and women who serve. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I, too, want to thank all the people who worked to put to-gether this product. As always, our committee, I think, was a fine exam-ple, both of how to legislate and how to do it in a bipartisan way, starting at the committee process, starting with the chairman’s mark. As the chairman has mentioned, just about everybody in this House has con-tributed to this product, either in com-mittee or once we got to the Rules Committee with the amendments that they offered. It took an extraordinary amount of work on behalf of the Members, but, most importantly, on behalf of staff to sift through all of those amendments, to reach agreements where they could, to set up reasonable debate where they couldn’t, and they did an outstanding job. This is the best staff I have ever worked with. They do an amazing job. And we all have to remember the baseline reason why we are doing this. As the authorizing bill for the Depart-ment of Defense, this is the bill that sets the policy that helps the men and women who fight and serve to protect our country. So it is an incredibly im-portant task. I want to particularly thank the chairman. It has been a great working relationship this year, as always. I think we have an excellent product. I look forward to getting it passed today and going to conference with the Sen-ate. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R YAN), the distin-guished Speaker of the House. (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to revise and ex-tend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Chair-man, this has been a very busy week in the House. I just came to the floor from a cere-mony where I signed three major pieces of legislation that are now headed to the President’s desk to become law. This House has been very busy keep-ing its promises: to unleash our econ-omy, to take care of our veterans, to provide hope for the terminally ill. We just signed those three things that are now on their way to the Presi-dent’s desk. But perhaps the most important promise that we made was the one that we made to the men and women who serve in our Armed Forces. We promised to start rebuilding our military to give them the resources that they need to do their jobs, to re-assert the United States’ dominance in our military in the world. After tax reform, that was my most important legislative priority, because that was our most important legisla-tive priority. Mr. Chairman, it is another promise kept. Earlier this year, we enacted a his-toric increase in military funding, made possible by the bipartisan budget agreement that came before it. This allowed us to advance the bill that we have before us right here today. I want to thank the members of the Armed Services Committee, the rank-ing member, but I especially want to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY for his work on this bill and his tireless advo-cacy for our men and women in uni-form. This National Defense Authorization presents another major step toward re-building and reforming our military. It will repair the damage done over the previous decade. It starts with readi-ness. It starts with readiness because this country has had a readiness crisis that has been costing us lives. More American servicemembers are being killed in accidents and training exercises than on the battlefield. As Secretary Mattis put it, he was shocked by the poor state of our readi-ness. We must reverse that. This bill invests in training. This bill invests in equipment. It grows the size of all branches of our military, and it prioritizes missile defense and our nu-clear deterrent. It is a very dangerous world, and this legislation will help us counter the threats, whether they are new or tradi-tional, whether from China or Russia or Iran or North Korea. But, like I said, we are not just re-building our military, we are reforming our military. The legislation stream-lines the bureaucracy and improves the buying practices so that we are not de-voting more resources to waste, we are devoting more resources to what counts: keeping this country strong and keeping this country safe. And, of course, we are taking care of our servicemembers and their families with the biggest pay raise for our troops in 9 years. I am so proud of this legislation. I am so proud of our legislators. I am so proud of the chairman for making this moment possible. Here we are, not just keeping our promise, but making this a better, stronger, safer United States. This will have a lasting impact, and this will en-sure that America continues to lead in the 21st century. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and the members of the committee, and I urge adoption of this bill. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, with appreciation for the kind words, but especially for the commitment from the Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
ER-
GUSON ) assumed the chair. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 204. An act to authorize the use of unap-proved medical products by patients diag-nosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. S. 292. An act to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. S. 1282. An act to redesignate certain clin-ics of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated in Montana. S. 2155. An act to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. S. 2372. An act to establish a permanent community care program for veterans, to es-tablish a commission for the purpose of mak-ing recommendations regarding the mod-ernization or realignment of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration, to improve construction of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 168 OFFERED BY MR . FERGUSON  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. A MODEI ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 168 printed in House Report 115–702. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.017 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4717 May 24, 2018 
No. 168 to the 2019 National Defense Authorization Act. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 353, line 21, insert ‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ’’ before ‘‘Section’’. Page 354, line 16, strike the second period and insert a semicolon. Page 354, after line 16, insert the following: (2) in subsection (h), by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) agree not to use, for pricing, mar-keting, competitive, or other purposes, any information, including any Government- owned data, such as purchasing trends or spending habits, related to a product from a third-party supplier featured on the commer-cial e-commerce portal or the transaction of such product, except as necessary to comply with the requirements of the program estab-lished in subsection (a).’’; Page 354, line 17, strike ‘‘(2)’’ and insert ‘‘(3)’’. Page 354, line 19, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert ‘‘(4)’’. Page 355, after line 2, insert the following new subsection: (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the implementation of any e-commerce portal under such section 846 to procure com-mercial products will be done in a manner that will enhance competition, expedite pro-curement, and ensure reasonable pricing of commercial products; (2) the implementation of the e-commerce portal will be completed with multiple con-tracts with multiple commercial e-commerce portal providers; and (3) the Administrator of the General Serv-ices Administration should require any e- commerce portal provider to take the nec-essary precautions to safeguard data of all other e-commerce portal providers and any third-party suppliers. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank, first of all, Chairman T
HORNBERRY for work-ing with me on this amendment to pro-vide a clear legislative direction for the GSA’s new e-commerce portal pro-vider system for commercial off-the- shelf sales. My amendment would strengthen supplier data protection requirements and express the sense of Congress that implementation of this program will be done in a manner that enhances com-petition. I fully support the committee’s ef-forts to reform the procurement proc-ess to increase efficiency and reduce waste for the Federal Government, and most importantly, the taxpayers. However, there are still some unan-swered questions regarding the imple-mentation of the program. Moving forward, I believe that there is still important work to be done to ensure that the portal results in robust competition from a broad range of sup-pliers, which is vital to achieving the efficiencies and cost savings that the committee is seeking. The American people have told us over and over again that they do not want the Federal Government picking winners and losers, and I fully agree. We do an amazing job around here sometimes of creating very large mon-olithic monopolies as unintended con-sequences. Mr. Chairman, I want to make sure that we don’t do that with this impor-tant reform. While my amendment takes steps to improve data safeguards, I remain con-cerned about the anticompetitive ef-forts of concerns from suppliers, both large and small, regarding the baseline data access between competitors. Whether a small business or a multi-national corporation, private compa-nies are fiercely and understandably protective of their proprietary data. Competition requires willing com-petitors, and competitors expect a level playing field, a playing field on which the referee is not also a player on the other team. Promoting competition in this pro-gram requires that we continue to lis-ten to and, more importantly, address the concerns of potential suppliers. My amendment is a step in the right direction, but there is more work to do, and I look forward to continuing to work with the chairman in good faith to improve this system to make sure that it is achieving the results that we truly know that it can. Mr. Chairman, today, I urge my col-leagues to vote in favor of amendment No. 168, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank the committee for including language that will au-thorize the Department of Defense to include the role of women in their re-search on the National Strategy on Countering Violent Extremism. Mr. Chairman, we are learning every day that women are active agents de-terring or engaging in violent extrem-ist movements. A 2017 report by the organization Fu-tures Without Violence found that sev-eral contemporary organizations, for example, the Islamic State and Boko Haram, capitalize on women’s efforts and demonstrate keen awareness of the strategic and tactical potential of fe-male extremists. And while many, many more women are victims of terrorism, some are serv-ing as supportive wives and mothers to the next generation of extremists; oth-ers are acting as propagandists, fund-raisers, and suicide bombers. The apparent proliferation of female actors in extremist groups, often un-derestimated, calls for strategies that effectively counter their participation in violent extremism. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. FERGUSON ). The amendment was agreed to. b0945 The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under House Res-olution 908, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
ER-
GUSON ) having assumed the chair, Mr. A
MODEI , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 908, he reported the bill, as amended by House Resolution 905, back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the bill in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Thompson of California moves to re-commit the bill H.R. 5515 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: Add, at the end of the bill, the following, and conform the table of contents accord-ingly: DIVISION E—PUBLIC SAFETY AND SEC-OND AMENDMENT RIGHTS PROTECTION 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the ‘‘Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2018’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.020 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4718 May 24, 2018 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this division is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings. Sec. 3. Rule of construction. Sec. 4. Severability. TITLE I—ENSURING THAT ALL INDIVID-UALS WHO SHOULD BE PROHIBITED FROM BUYING A GUN ARE LISTED IN THE NATIONAL INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM Sec. 101. Reauthorization of the National Criminal History Records Im-provement Program. Sec. 102. Improvement of metrics and incen-tives. Sec. 103. Grants to States for improvement of coordination and automation of NICS record reporting. Sec. 104. Relief from disabilities program. Sec. 105. Clarification that Federal court in-formation is to be made avail-able to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. Sec. 106. Codification of HIPAA authority for covered entities to submit mental health records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. Sec. 107. Publication of NICS index statis-tics. Sec. 108. Effective date. TITLE II—PROVIDING A RESPONSIBLE AND CONSISTENT BACKGROUND CHECK PROCESS Sec. 201. Purpose. Sec. 202. Firearms transfers. Sec. 203. Penalties. Sec. 204. Rule of construction. Sec. 205. Effective date. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Congress supports, respects, and defends the fundamental, individual right to keep and bear arms guaranteed by the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. (2) Congress supports and reaffirms the ex-isting prohibition on a national firearms reg-istry. (3) Congress believes the Department of Justice should prosecute violations of back-ground check requirements to the maximum extent of the law. (4) There are deficits in the background check system in existence prior to the date of enactment of this Act and the Department of Justice should make it a top priority to work with States to swiftly input missing records, including mental health records. (5) Congress and the citizens of the United States agree that in order to promote safe and responsible gun ownership, dangerous criminals and the seriously mentally ill should be prohibited from possessing fire-arms; therefore, it should be incumbent upon all citizens to ensure weapons are not being transferred to such people. 
SEC. 3. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this division, or any amend-ment made by this division, shall be con-strued to— (1) expand in any way the enforcement au-thority or jurisdiction of the Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; or (2) allow the establishment, directly or in-directly, of a Federal firearms registry. 
SEC. 4. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this division or an amendment made by this division, or the ap-plication of a provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid for any reason in any court of competent ju-risdiction, the remainder of this division and amendments made by this division, and the application of the provisions and amendment to any other person or circumstance, shall not be affected. TITLE I—ENSURING THAT ALL INDIVID-UALS WHO SHOULD BE PROHIBITED FROM BUYING A GUN ARE LISTED IN THE NATIONAL INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM SEC. 101. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY RECORDS IM-PROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 106(b) of Public Law 103–159 (34 U.S.C. 40302(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2018’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated for grants under this subsection $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 102. IMPROVEMENT OF METRICS AND IN-CENTIVES. 
Section 102(b) of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 40916) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Pro-tection Act of 2018, the Attorney General, in coordination with the States, shall establish, for each State or Indian tribal government applying for a grant under section 103, a 4- year implementation plan to ensure max-imum coordination and automation of the reporting of records or making of records available to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. ‘‘(2) B
ENCHMARK REQUIREMENTS .—Each 4- year plan established under paragraph (1) shall include annual benchmarks, including both qualitative goals and quantitative measures, to enable the Attorney General to assess implementation of the 4-year plan. ‘‘(3) P
ENALTIES FOR NON -COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—During the 4-year period covered by a 4-year plan established under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall withhold— ‘‘(i) 10 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State does not meet the benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2) for the first year in the 4-year period; ‘‘(ii) 11 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State does not meet the benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2) for the second year in the 4-year period; ‘‘(iii) 13 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State does not meet the benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2) for the third year in the 4-year period; and ‘‘(iv) 15 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State does not meet the benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2) for the fourth year in the 4-year period. ‘‘(B) F
AILURE TO ESTABLISH A PLAN .—A State that fails to establish a plan under paragraph (1) shall be treated as having not met any benchmark established under para-graph (2).’’. SEC. 103. GRANTS TO STATES FOR IMPROVEMENT OF COORDINATION AND AUTOMA-TION OF NICS RECORD REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 40902 et seq.) is amended— (1) by striking section 103 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 103. GRANTS TO STATES FOR IMPROVE-MENT OF COORDINATION AND AU-TOMATION OF NICS RECORD RE-PORTING. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—From amounts made available to carry out this section, the At-torney General shall make grants to States, Indian Tribal governments, and State court systems, in a manner consistent with the Na-tional Criminal History Improvement Pro-gram and consistent with State plans for in-tegration, automation, and accessibility of criminal history records, for use by the State, or units of local government of the State, Indian Tribal government, or State court system to improve the automation and transmittal of mental health records and criminal history dispositions, records rel-evant to determining whether a person has been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence, court orders, and mental health adjudications or commitments to Federal and State record repositories in ac-cordance with section 102 and the National Criminal History Improvement Program. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF GRANT AMOUNTS .—Grants awarded to States, Indian Tribal govern-ments, or State court systems under this section may only be used to— ‘‘(1) carry out, as necessary, assessments of the capabilities of the courts of the State or Indian Tribal government for the automa-tion and transmission of arrest and convic-tion records, court orders, and mental health adjudications or commitments to Federal and State record repositories; ‘‘(2) implement policies, systems, and pro-cedures for the automation and transmission of arrest and conviction records, court or-ders, and mental health adjudications or commitments to Federal and State record repositories; ‘‘(3) create electronic systems that provide accurate and up-to-date information which is directly related to checks under the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, including court disposition and corrections records; ‘‘(4) assist States or Indian Tribal govern-ments in establishing or enhancing their own capacities to perform background checks using the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System; and ‘‘(5) develop and maintain the relief from disabilities program in accordance with sec-tion 105. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible for a grant under this section, a State, Indian Tribal government, or State court system shall cer-tify, to the satisfaction of the Attorney Gen-eral, that the State, Indian Tribal govern-ment, or State court system— ‘‘(A) is not prohibited by State law or court order from submitting mental health records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System; and ‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (2), has imple-mented a relief from disabilities program in accordance with section 105. ‘‘(2) R
ELIEF FROM DISABILITIES PROGRAM .— For purposes of obtaining a grant under this section, a State, Indian Tribal government, or State court system shall not be required to meet the eligibility requirement described in paragraph (1)(B) until the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of the Pub-lic Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2018. ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.012 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4719 May 24, 2018 
‘‘(1) S TUDIES , ASSESSMENTS , NON-MATERIAL  
ACTIVITIES .—The Federal share of a study, assessment, creation of a task force, or other non-material activity, as determined by the Attorney General, carried out with a grant under this section shall be not more than 25 percent. ‘‘(2) I
NFRASTRUCTURE OR SYSTEM DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Federal share of an activity in-volving infrastructure or system develop-ment, including labor-related costs, for the purpose of improving State or Indian Tribal government record reporting to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System carried out with a grant under this section may amount to 100 percent of the cost of the activity. ‘‘(e) G
RANTS TO INDIAN TRIBES .—Up to 5 percent of the grant funding available under this section may be reserved for Indian tribal governments for use by Indian tribal judicial systems. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019.’’; (2) by striking title III; and (3) in section 401(b), by inserting after ‘‘of this Act’’ the following: ‘‘and 18 months after the date of enactment of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Pro-tection Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections in section 1(b) of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by striking the item relating to section 103 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 103. Grants to States for improvement of coordination and automation of NICS record reporting.’’. 
SEC. 104. RELIEF FROM DISABILITIES PROGRAM. 
Section 105 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 40915) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(1) 10 
PERCENT REDUCTION .—During the 1- year period beginning 2 years after the date of enactment of the Public Safety and Sec-ond Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2018, the Attorney General shall withhold 10 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under section 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 if the State has not implemented a relief from disabilities program in accord-ance with this section. ‘‘(2) 11 
PERCENT REDUCTION .—During the 1- year period after the expiration of the period described in paragraph (1), the Attorney Gen-eral shall withhold 11 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under section 505 of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 if the State has not implemented a relief from disabil-ities program in accordance with this sec-tion. ‘‘(3) 13 
PERCENT REDUCTION .—During the 1- year period after the expiration of the period described in paragraph (2), the Attorney Gen-eral shall withhold 13 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under section 505 of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 if the State has not implemented a relief from disabil-ities program in accordance with this sec-tion. ‘‘(4) 15 
PERCENT REDUCTION .—After the expi-ration of the 1-year period described in para-graph (3), the Attorney General shall with-hold 15 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 if the State has not implemented a relief from disabilities pro-gram in accordance with this section. ‘‘(5) R
EALLOCATION .—Amounts not allo-cated under section 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to a State for failure to implement a relief from disabilities program shall be reallocated to States that are in compliance.’’. SEC. 105. CLARIFICATION THAT FEDERAL COURT INFORMATION IS TO BE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE NATIONAL IN-STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM. 
Section 103(e)(1) of Public Law 103–159 (34 U.S.C. 40901(e)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A
PPLICATION TO FEDERAL COURTS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(i) the terms ‘department or agency of the United States’ and ‘Federal department or agency’ include a Federal court; and ‘‘(ii) for purposes of any request, submis-sion, or notification, the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts shall perform the functions of the head of the department or agency.’’. 
SEC. 106. CODIFICATION OF HIPAA AUTHORITY FOR COVERED ENTITIES TO SUBMIT MENTAL HEALTH RECORDS TO THE NATIONAL INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM. 
A covered entity (as defined in section 160.103 of title 45, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor regulation) may use or disclose protected health information (as defined in such section) for purposes of re-porting to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System the identity of an individual who is prohibited from possessing a firearm under section 922(g)(4) of title 18, United States Code, provided the covered en-tity— (1) is a State agency or other entity that is, or contains an entity that is— (A) an entity designated by the State to re-port, or which collects information for pur-poses of reporting, on behalf of the State, to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System; or (B) a court, board, commission, or other lawful authority that makes the commit-ment or adjudication that causes an indi-vidual to become subject to such section 922(g)(4); (2) discloses the information only to— (A) the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System; or (B) an entity designated by the State to re-port, or which collects information for pur-poses of reporting, on behalf of the State, to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System; and (3)(A) discloses only the limited demo-graphic and certain other information need-ed for purposes of reporting to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System; and (B) does not disclose diagnostic or clinical information for such purposes. 
SEC. 107. PUBLICATION OF NICS INDEX STATIS-TICS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this division, and biannually thereafter, the Attorney General shall make the National Instant Criminal Background Check System index statistics available on a publically accessible Internet website. 
SEC. 108. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this title shall take effect 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this division. TITLE II—PROVIDING A RESPONSIBLE AND CONSISTENT BACKGROUND CHECK PROCESS 
SEC. 201. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this title is to enhance the current background check process in the United States to ensure criminals and the mentally ill are not able to purchase fire-arms. 
SEC. 202. FIREARMS TRANSFERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by repealing subsection (s); (2) by redesignating subsection (t) as sub-section (s); (3) in subsection (s), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (3)(C)(ii), by striking ‘‘(as defined in subsection (s)(8))’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘chief law enforcement offi-cer’ means the chief of police, the sheriff, or an equivalent officer or the designee of any such individual; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘gun show or event’ has the meaning given the term in subsection (t)(4).’’; and (4) by inserting after subsection (s), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(t)(1) Beginning on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section and except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for any person other than a licensed dealer, licensed manufac-turer, or licensed importer to complete the transfer of a firearm to any other person who is not licensed under this chapter, if such transfer occurs— ‘‘(A) at a gun show or event, on the curtilage thereof; or ‘‘(B) pursuant to an advertisement, post-ing, display or other listing on the Internet or in a publication by the transferor of his intent to transfer, or the transferee of his in-tent to acquire, the firearm. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply if— ‘‘(A) the transfer is made after a licensed importer, licensed manufacturer, or licensed dealer has first taken possession of the fire-arm for the purpose of complying with sub-section (s), and upon taking possession of the firearm, the licensee complies with all re-quirements of this chapter as if the licensee were transferring the firearm from the li-censee’s business inventory to the unlicensed transferee, except that when processing a transfer under this chapter the licensee may accept in lieu of conducting a background check a valid permit issued within the pre-vious 5 years by a State, or a political sub-division of a State, that allows the trans-feree to possess, acquire, or carry a firearm, if the law of the State, or political subdivi-sion of a State, that issued the permit re-quires that such permit is issued only after an authorized government official has verified that the information available to such official does not indicate that posses-sion of a firearm by the unlicensed trans-feree would be in violation of Federal, State, or local law; ‘‘(B) the transfer is made between an unli-censed transferor and an unlicensed trans-feree residing in the same State, which takes place in such State, if— ‘‘(i) the Attorney General certifies that State in which the transfer takes place has in effect requirements under law that are generally equivalent to the requirements of this section; and ‘‘(ii) the transfer was conducted in compli-ance with the laws of the State; ‘‘(C) the transfer is made between spouses, between parents or spouses of parents and their children or spouses of their children, between siblings or spouses of siblings, or be-tween grandparents or spouses of grand-parents and their grandchildren or spouses of their grandchildren, or between aunts or un-cles or their spouses and their nieces or nephews or their spouses, or between first cousins, if the transferor does not know or have reasonable cause to believe that the transferee is prohibited from receiving or possessing a firearm under Federal, State, or local law; or ‘‘(D) the Attorney General has approved the transfer under section 5812 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.012 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4720 May 24, 2018 
‘‘(3)(A) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this chapter, except for section 923(m), the Attorney General may implement this subsection with regulations. ‘‘(B) Regulations promulgated under this paragraph may not include any provision re-quiring licensees to facilitate transfers in ac-cordance with paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(C) Regulations promulgated under this paragraph may not include any provision re-quiring persons not licensed under this chap-ter to keep records of background checks or firearms transfers. ‘‘(D) Regulations promulgated under this paragraph may not include any provision placing a cap on the fee licensees may charge to facilitate transfers in accordance with paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(4) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘gun show or event’— ‘‘(A) means any event at which 75 or more firearms are offered or exhibited for sale, ex-change, or transfer, if 1 or more of the fire-arms has been shipped or transported in, or otherwise affects, interstate or foreign com-merce; and ‘‘(B) does not include an offer or exhibit of firearms for sale, exchange, or transfer by an individual from the personal collection of that individual, at the private residence of that individual, if the individual is not re-quired to be licensed under section 923.’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION OF NATIONAL GUNREG-
ISTRY .—Section 923 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) The Attorney General may not con-solidate or centralize the records of the— ‘‘(1) acquisition or disposition of firearms, or any portion thereof, maintained by— ‘‘(A) a person with a valid, current license under this chapter; or ‘‘(B) an unlicensed transferor under section 922(t); or ‘‘(2) possession or ownership of a firearm, maintained by any medical or health insur-ance entity.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) S
ECTION 922 .—Section 922(y)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended, in the mat-ter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, (g)(5)(B), and (s)(3)(B)(v)(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (g)(5)(B)’’. (2) C
ONSOLIDATED AND FURTHER CONTINUING  
APPROPRIATIONS ACT , 2012.—Section 511 of title V of division B of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection 922(t)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (s) or (t) of section 922’’. 
SEC. 203. PENALTIES. 
Section 924 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) Whoever makes or attempts to make a transfer of a firearm in violation of section 922(t) to a person not licensed under this chapter who is prohibited from receiving a firearm under subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 or State law, to a law enforcement offi-cer, or to a person acting at the direction of, or with the approval of, a law enforcement officer authorized to investigate or prosecute violations of section 922(t), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) I
MPROPER USE OF STORAGE OF  R
ECORDS .—Any person who knowingly vio-lates section 923(m) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both.’’. 
SEC. 204. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this title, or an amendment made by this title, shall be construed— (1) to extend background check require-ments to transfers other than those made at gun shows or on the curtilage thereof, or pursuant to an advertisement, posting, dis-play, or other listing on the Internet or in a publication by the transferor of the intent of the transferor to transfer, or the transferee of the intent of the transferee to acquire, the firearm; or (2) to extend background check require-ments to temporary transfers for purposes including lawful hunting or sporting or to temporary possession of a firearm for pur-poses of examination or evaluation by a pro-spective transferee. SEC. 205. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title and the amendments made by this title shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this division. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order against the mo-tion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion to recommit. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, and it would not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately pro-ceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, less than 1 week ago, 10 people were shot and killed in their school in Santa Fe, Texas. As usual, Members sent thoughts and prayers. They said that things have got to change, and then they did nothing. We held our 47th moment of silence since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Ele-mentary School 5
1⁄2years ago. For every Member who looks into the face of yet another grieving family and says, ‘‘I am with you,’’ and then does nothing, I have a message for you: You are complicit. You are allowing crimi-nals and the dangerously mentally ill easy access to guns. Your inaction is leading to gravestone after gravestone. We have not had one vote on legisla-tion to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn’t have them. If we are not allowed a vote, there is blood on the hands of Congress. Since Sandy Hook, more kids have been killed by someone using a gun than all of our troops killed in combat since 9/11. Let that sink in. Seven thousand young kids are dead, in part, because of our inaction. I don’t know about you, but that number keeps me up at night. These are children who are robbed of a lifetime of experiences and robbed of their future. Instead of going to their graduation, their parents go and visit their grave. This amendment is straightforward, and, if adopted, it will not kill the bill. It does two things: First, it provides grants to States to get more records into the background check system. I think we can all agree, for the system to work, it has to have the most up-to-date records. Second, it would expand background checks to all commercial sale of fire-arms. So if you walk into a gun show and try to buy a gun, you have to un-dergo a background check. If you go online and try to buy a gun, you have to undergo a background check. This isn’t some radical idea. 208 Members of this Congress, Democrats and Republicans, are cosponsors. Even 94 percent of gun owners support ex-panding background checks, and we can’t get 94 percent of the people to agree that the sky is blue. This kind of consensus should unify us. It should empower us on this floor to do what is right. We know that background checks work. Every day, background checks stop more than 175 felons, some 50 do-mestic abusers, and nearly 20 fugitives from buying a gun. But in some States, these same folks can walk into a gun show and buy the same gun without a background check. This motion would change that. Yesterday, the Gun Violence Preven-tion Task Force heard from young leaders who are begging Congress to pass laws to help prevent gun violence. One of the hardest things for me to hear was one student saying that he was not actually surprised that there was a shooting at his school. Kids now have an expectation that one day it will happen to them. This is shameful, and it is the future that we are leaving for our children and our grandchildren. I know what the chairman is going to say. He is going to say the NDAA is no place for this amendment. First, this isn’t an extraneous provi-sion. The NDAA has language directly addressing guns and gun ownership. Without that language in the bill, we wouldn’t be able to offer this amend-ment today. Second, the NDAA has long been a place for extraneous provisions. In this bill alone, the majority has weakened environmental oversight and permitted drilling, has addressed medical fees in national parks, and has addressed yacht safety, just to name a few extra-neous provisions. So I ask you to join me: No more complicity. No more blood on the hands of Congress. No more moments of silence. It is time for moments of action. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on this motion. It will not kill the bill, but it will save lives. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I insist on my point of order. I have been advised that the amendment contains new direct spending. Therefore, the amendment violates section 302(f) of the Budget Act, and the CutGo rule. Therefore, I must insist on my point of order, and I ask for a ruling from the Chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.012 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4721 May 24, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the gentleman from Texas makes a point of order that the in-structions in the motion to recommit offered by the gentleman from Cali-fornia violate clause 10 of rule XXI by proposing an increase in mandatory spending over a relevant period of time. Pursuant to clause 10 of rule XXI and clause 4 of rule XXIX, the Chair is au-thoritatively guided by estimates from the chair of the Committee on the Budget that the net effect of the provi-sions in the motion to recommit would increase mandatory spending over a relevant period as compared to the bill. Accordingly, the point of order is sustained and the motion is not in order. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? 
MOTION TO TABLE  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I move to lay the appeal on the table. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to table. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of the bill, if arising without further proceedings in recommittal. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 224, nays 191, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 229] YEAS—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—12 
Black Higgins (LA) Hudson Jenkins (WV) Lewis (GA) Luja´n, Ben Ray Moore Noem Rogers (KY) Stivers Walz Weber (TX) 
b1022 Mr. HIMES changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. BUCK, NEWHOUSE, CON-AWAY, and WITTMAN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The question is on the pas-sage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 351, noes 66, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 230] AYES—351 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Clay Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.025 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4722 May 24, 2018 
Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—66 
Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Blumenauer Bonamici Buck Capuano Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cohen Crowley DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Gabbard Gomez Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kennedy Khanna Kildee Labrador Lee Lofgren Lowenthal Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie Matsui McCollum McGovern Moore Nadler Napolitano Nolan Pallone Payne Pocan Polis Raskin Sa´nchez Schakowsky Serrano Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—10 
Black Doggett Higgins (LA) Jenkins (WV) Lewis (GA) Noem Rogers (KY) Stivers Walz Weber (TX) 
b1031 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, due to a family issue I was not present for votes on May 24, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 229 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 230. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 5515, NA-TIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical cor-rections in the engrossment of H.R. 5515, including corrections in spelling, punctuation, section and title num-bering, cross-referencing, conforming amendments to the table of contents and short titles, and the insertion of appropriate headings. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 5952, COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. CULBERSON, from the Com-mittee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–704) on the bill (H.R. 5952) making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS TO HAVE UNTIL 5 P.M. ON THURSDAY, MAY 24, 2018, TO FILE A PRIVI-LEGED REPORT Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Appropriations have until 5 p.m. on Thursday, May 24, 2018, to file a privileged report to accompany meas-ures making appropriations for the Ag-riculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. f 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLU-TION OF INQUIRY TO SEC-RETARY OF COMMERCE Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, submitted an adverse privileged report (Rept. No. 115–705) on the resolution (H. Res. 877) of inquiry directing the Sec-retary of Commerce to provide certain documents in the Secretary’s posses-sion to the House of Representatives relating to the decision to include a question on citizenship in the 2020 de-cennial census of population, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 1094 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be consid-ered the first sponsor of H.R. 1094, the Weekend Voting Act, a bill originally introduced by Representative Louise Slaughter of New York, for the pur-poses of adding cosponsors and request-ing reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
HONORING VETERANS AND SERVICEMEMBERS (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the men and women who have made the ulti-mate sacrifice for our liberties, our freedoms, and our precious way of life. Montanans are a proud and patriotic people who always answer the call to serve their Nation. They are mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters, sons 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.015 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4723 May 24, 2018 
and daughters. Some did not return from the theater of conflict, giving their lives for our country and our lib-erty. I extend my heartfelt gratitude to them and to their families. We owe them a debt we can never fully repay, as much as we try. As we mark Memorial Day, we pray for the families of the veterans whose sacrifices have secured our freedoms, and we give thanks for the blessings of life and liberty, peace and prosperity that their service has secured for all of us. 
f 
AMENDMENTS INCLUDED IN THE NDAA (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as we come upon this weekend, I want to certainly offer my respect for the men and women in the United States mili-tary and those who have fallen in bat-tle. In this last authorization bill for the defense, I want to emphasize important amendments that I had approved deal-ing with active shooter, dealing with the violence against our children and having that explained or researched; and, as well, the maternal mortality rate will be included, along with 10 other of my amendments. At the same time, I wish to speak about something that saddens me on the breach of the rule of law and the breach of the Constitution that our President is engaged in: the maligning of the special counsel and, of course, the attempt to expose a confidential source. So let me hold up this picture of Rudy Giuliani who, in 1998, said in an-other investigation of a President: ‘‘He’s got to do it. He’s got to do it.’’ So I would offer to say that the President of the United States needs to sit down with the special counsel and tell the truth. That is what our men and women fight for overseas and around the world: democracy and the rule of law. That is what the President should do. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE AMERICAN LEGION’S NATIONAL POPPY DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this weekend our Nation marks one of the most solemn occa-sions, Memorial Day. It is a time when we honor the sacrifices made by our fallen military members. Tomorrow marks the American Le-gion National Poppy Day. Each year members of the American Legion dis-tribute poppy flowers with the request that those receiving a flower making a donation to support our veterans, ac-tive servicemembers, and military fam-ilies. At the end of the First World War, the poppy flourished throughout Eu-rope because of the lime in the rubble left over from the war. The red poppy is a nationally recognized symbol of sacrifice that has been worn by Ameri-cans since World War I to honor those who served and died for our country in all wars. It reminds Americans of the sacrifices made by our veterans while protecting our freedoms. Mr. Speaker, I will proudly wear a poppy tomorrow to honor our fallen servicemembers, and it is my hope that all Americans will do the same. f 
HONORING CLIFFORD JOHNSON, SR. (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Mr. Clifford Johnson, Sr., who will be 100 years old on June 7. Mr. Johnson, a Cherokee Indian Freedman, was born in Lenapah, Okla-homa, on June 7, 1918. He fought brave-ly during World War II, serving as a staff sergeant in the U.S. Army. He began a lifelong career with the United States Postal Service in 1946. Mr. Johnson is a loving father, grandfather, and great-grandfather. Mr. J
OHNSON is a patron of Macedonia Baptist Church in Watts, California, and attributes his longevity to being close to God and treating other people the way he would want to be treated. I want to wish Mr. Clifford Johnson, Sr., a very happy birthday and thank him for his service to our country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STAFF SERGEANT MICHAEL ‘‘MICK’’ D
EHART (Mr. DAVIDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Staff Sergeant Michael ‘‘Mick’’ DeHart for the selfless actions and bravery he showed on April 10, 1969, during the Vietnam war. While conducting a routine recon-naissance operation, Staff Sergeant DeHart and his platoon were ambushed by a numerically superior force. Throughout the firefight, Staff Ser-geant DeHart moved through the enemy fire to provide cover for injured soldiers, distribute supplies, and co-ordinate a counterattack. As dusk approached, Sergeant DeHart, at significant personal risk, moved to an exposed position, fired on machine-gun positions and approaching enemy soldiers, halting their advance. He also aided in the successful exfiltration of his unit. For his heroism in combat, Staff Ser-geant DeHart recently had one of his two Silver Stars upgraded to a Distin-guished Service Cross. Thank you, Sergeant DeHart, for your heroism, courage, and service to our great country. HONORING ROCIO GUILLEN ROCHA (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Rocio Guillen Rocha. Rocio attended the Route 91 festival on October 1 in Las Vegas. Rocio would say that her greatest ac-complishment was being a mom to her four kids—Marcus, Christopher, Sofia, and Austin—and being engaged to her fiance´, Chris Jaksha. Rocio had lived through many major life events. She had given birth to her youngest child, Austin, just 6 weeks prior to her death, and she was para-lyzed after giving birth to her second child, Christopher. Rocio was a fighter who worked hard to walk again after being paralyzed. After a lot of work and training, she eventually was able to walk again. Rocio was known as being a supermom who loved supporting her kids while they played baseball. She was an amazing mom who worked long hours as an assistant manager at Cali-fornia Pizza Kitchen so she could take care of her kids. Rocio had a great sense of humor, and she was always laughing, even through the tough times. She is re-membered for being patient and loving by all those who knew her. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Rocio Guillen Rocha’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
RECOGNIZING GORDON ‘‘BATMAN’’ VARNEDOE (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Gordon ‘‘Batman’’ Varnedoe’s 80th birthday, which he celebrated on May 19. Mr. Varnedoe is a staple of Savannah, who lives to put a smile on everyone’s face and is never afraid to try something new. Known to locals as Batman, he is often seen in parades wearing his cape and mask, but he earned the nickname in high school for his passionate belief in truth, justice, and an American mo-ment. Mr. Varnedoe breaks out of his cape and into 18th century English attire as General James Oglethorpe, Savannah’s founder, to welcome visitors to this historic city. His latest projects in-clude substitute teaching at various schools and officiating weddings in his General Oglethorpe persona. He sets records in international weightlifting competitions at 73 years old. He is likely the oldest rugby play-er in Georgia, and he has founded nu-merous organizations to help sports thrive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.030 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4724 May 24, 2018 
Everyone can learn from Batman’s enthusiasm for life and his ability to make the world a more colorful place. Happy birthday, my friend. 
f 
b1045 HONORING COACH SCOTT GLABB (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I take a few moments today to honor one of my constituents, Coach Scott Glabb, for his contributions to Orange County youth. Mr. Glabb has been an important fig-ure as a teacher and wrestling coach at Santa Ana High School for about 30 years. After wrestling in college for Eastern Washington University, Coach Glabb came to Santa Ana High School in 1990, where he became a teacher and a head coach. Mr. Glabb’s dedication led Santa Ana High School to 26 straight CIF cham-pionship league titles. Coach Glabb also coached two individual national high school champs: Tony Perez in 1998 and Jose Leon in 1999. With the girls, he was equally successful. He had two female wrestling State champs: Lizette Tenorio in 2009 and Berenice Blanco in 2012. Mr. Glabb was more than a coach and a teacher. He was a role model for a lot of kids that didn’t have a chance to make it out of their neighborhoods. Thank you, Coach Glabb. We wish you success in your retirement. 
f 
ANNUAL ROLLING THUNDER MOTORCYCLE RIDE (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, the Nation sets aside time to remember those who gave all for our country. Thousands will travel to Washington, D.C., for the annual Rolling Thunder motorcycle ride to remember and honor the fallen, and millions across the country will participate in parades or gather around monuments and parks to recall a loved one or a neighbor who never came home. There will be the playing of ‘‘Taps’’ and heartfelt and si-lent whispers of: I miss you; I wish I could see you; and thank you. Memorial Day is truly a national hol-iday in that it is a day that politics are avoided, and given some of the debates we have been having and what you see on TV, that is not a bad thing. When you visit Arlington Cemetery or any of the national cemeteries across the country, including the Na-tional Cemetery of the Alleghenies, not far from my district, the gravestones don’t mark one’s party affiliation. Rather, the simplicity of the stones re-mind us that they were Americans, they served, and that they are remem-bered. May God grant eternal rest to those who gave the ultimate sacrifice to our country, and may He bless the families of the fallen with His tender mercies. f 
MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mental Health Awareness Month. We have got to real-ize that one in six adults in the United States lives with a mental illness. However, only 43 percent of them re-ceive any sort of treatment. I saw this firsthand as a prosecutor, as many, not all, but many men, women, and even juveniles were behind bars because of a mental illness. Unfor-tunately, due to the cutbacks in fund-ing and the legislature’s cutting back on sentences, many failed to receive the proper treatment, and what we had was a revolving door where we no longer could rely on the criminal jus-tice system to house and treat those with mental illnesses. Fortunately, in my district on the Central Coast of California, we have many organizations that realize this and attempt to provide proper services, including Interim, Parent’s Place, and the Monterey and Santa Cruz Counties Behavioral Health Departments. So now it is Congress’ time to play their part. We, on the bipartisan Men-tal Health Caucus, are committed to ensuring accessible mental treatment. Good mental health this month and every month for all ages of life and all walks of life contribute to the overall health of our communities, and that is why we should continue to work to fund and provide mental health serv-ices throughout our country. 
f 
HONORING DALLAS POLICE DE-PARTMENT OFFICER ROGELIO SANTANDER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, re-cently, Officer Rogelio Santander of the Dallas, Texas, police department was responding to an ordinary call: a thief at a Home Depot. As Officer Santander and his colleagues at-tempted to arrest the outlaw, the crook pulled out a pistol and started blasting away at the officers. All three officers responding to the call were critically wounded, the crimi-nal’s bullets hitting their mark as he cowardly ran away from his crimes. Police Officer Crystal Almeida and a civilian Home Depot employee were shot and are now recovering from their wounds. At just 28 years of age, Officer Santander was murdered in the youth of his life. Another member of the thin blue line killed simply because he wore the badge to protect and serve the rest of us. A man of many hats, the 3-year vet-eran of the force was a member of the rare breed, the American breed. His fel-low officers, friends, and family mem-bers remember this Texas law man, Santander, as a person who always went the extra mile to protect and serve his community. Without fail, he encouraged his friends and family to be the best version of themselves during their life. Peace officers like Santander are the last strand of wire in the fence between the law and the lawless. We mourn his sacrifice, but we thank the good Lord that a remarkable man such as he has ever lived. And that is just the way it is. f 
THE TIMES THEY ARE A-CHANGIN’ (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, our coun-try’s democracy and rule of law are in danger, being threatened at every mo-ment. Today is my birthday and also the birthday of Bobby Zimmerman aka Bob Dylan. And with that, I quote Bob Dylan: 
Come writers and critics Who prophesize with your pen And keep your eyes wide The chance won’t come again And don’t speak too soon For the wheel’s still in spin And there’s no tellin’ who that it’s namin’ For the loser now will be later to win For the times they are a-changin’ Come senators, congressmen Please heed the call Don’t stand in the doorway Don’t block up the hall For he that gets hurt Will be he who has stalled There’s a battle outside and it is ragin’ It’ll soon shake your windows and rattle your walls For the times they are a-changin’ The line that is drawn The curse it is cast The slow one now Will later be fast As the present now Will later be past The order is rapidly fadin’ And the first one now will later be last For the times they are a-changin’ 
My colleagues, get it together and save democracy and protect us from this President. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE MICHIGAN INTER-NATIONAL SPEEDWAY (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Michigan Inter-national Speedway as they celebrate their 50th anniversary in 2018. Located in my district in the heart of the beautiful Irish Hills, Michigan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.032 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4725 May 24, 2018 
International Speedway is one of the Nation’s premier racing facilities. Throughout the season, MIS will be commemorating this milestone by showcasing many of the memorable moments and drivers in the track’s his-tory. I look forward to joining everyone to kick off their first NASCAR race of the year, which is just weeks away. In ad-dition to NASCAR, MIS offers year- round entertainment and festivals, making it a leading tourist attraction for people near and far. Through their extensive charity work and programs like the Spirit of America Blood Drive, MIS is actively involved in improving the community and impacting lives. Mr. Speaker, Michigan International Speedway is a staple of our community and the world of racing. We are fortu-nate to have them in the Seventh Dis-trict. Here is to 50 more years of lasting memories for fans and drivers alike. 
f 
AMERICAN LEADERSHIP ON THE GLOBAL STAGE (Mr. ENGEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, as the ranking member on the Foreign Affairs Committee, I am absolutely flab-bergasted at the announcement that just came out of the White House that President Trump is canceling his meet-ing with Kim Jong-un of North Korea. The world held out hope that the Trump administration’s diplomatic en-gagement with North Korea would bear fruit. But you cannot have thin skin if you want to make progress with a dif-ficult adversary such as the Kim re-gime. Imagine how different the course of history would look if every chance for peace was scuttled because one party was too mean to the other. To make matters worse, the Presi-dent’s bizarre letter returns to the same bellicose rhetoric that last year heightened tensions and raised the specter of war. Any type of military conflict on the Korean peninsula would come with horrific consequences. After a year of alienating friends and allies, unwinding our commitments, and drawing back from the world stage, it is clear what the Trump motto of ‘‘America First’’ actually means ‘‘America Lashing Out,’’ leaving Amer-ica last and alone. American leadership on the global stage has been laid low, not by a rival, but by a President who has sidelined diplomacy, shut out expertise, and thrown out any rational approach to making policy. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF DOUG WRIGHT (Mr. BISHOP of Utah asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, June 1 will mark the end of an era in Utah broadcasting. For the past 40 years, Utahans have heard Doug Wright inform, uplift, and bloviate— that is his word, not mine. On Fridays, he reviewed movies, crowned losers, and gave prizes worth up to dollars. For the callers, it was telephone torture, but for the listeners, it has been a friendship through the airways. The Doug Wright Show is ‘‘Where Utah Comes to Talk.’’ In Utah, it is not news until you hear it on Doug’s show. Doug got exclusives, and he did it through hard work, fairness, and being worthy of the trust Utahans placed in him. Doug wasn’t always cooped up in a studio. From the back of a Harley and with a microphone in his hand, he raised the money to bring street lamps to his adopted home of Eureka. His mo-torcycle rally, the Ride to Light up Eu-reka, set records, and continues to grow each year. Doug has earned awards and acco-lades and has been at the top of the ratings, but he will tell you the best thing to come from the newsroom was his wife, D. With her, he grew a family and shared with his audience all the joys and trials that come with a fam-ily. As Doug advised us at the close of each day’s program: Tonight, when you go home, make sure you hug the people you love. f 
SUPPORTING THE REVITALIZA-TION OF OUR NATIONAL DE-FENSE (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the timely Senate action of the just passed National De-fense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. Similar to last year, the NDAA is geared towards increasing the readi-ness of our military and properly equip our troops for their safety and for their effectiveness in their mission. The steady decline of our Armed Forces under the previous administra-tion is well documented. Now we are continuing the revitalization we start-ed last year by investing in our soldiers and providing them with some of the necessary equipment needed to get their job done. This is about providing for the well- being of our troops and their families, including the largest pay raise in 9 years. We are also investing in critical missile defense and nuclear deterrence programs that will substantially im-prove our national defense capabilities. In order for America to continue as a leader of the free world, our military must be ready to defend us from all and any threat. As we head into this Memo-rial Day holiday, we can, in part, honor the fallen by an effective NDAA, giving our military what it needs, and sup-port, indeed, as we remember this Me-morial Day weekend. f 
GLEN COVE’S 350TH ANNIVERSARY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
AETZ ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
UOZZI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 350th anniversary of the founding of my hometown, Glen Cove, New York, on May 24, 1668. Earlier this year, we also celebrated the 100th anni-versary of Glen Cove’s designation as a city. I love Glen Cove. I served as the city’s mayor from 1994 to 2001. My fa-ther, Joseph, an Italian immigrant and an American success story, was the first Suozzi to serve as mayor from 1956 to 1960. My uncle, Vincent, also known as Jimmy Suozzi, was the second. He served from 1973 to 1979 and again from 1984 to 1987. The most recent Suozzi to serve as mayor, my cousin Ralph served from 2006 to 2013. In fact, in the 100 years since Glen Cove became a city, a Suozzi has served as mayor for 32 years. We Suozzis have devoted a great deal of our lives to serving the city we love, and we have been repaid with the satisfaction of knowing our friends, neighbors, and family will continue to strive to work to ensure our best days are still yet to come. Glen Cove was the first industrial center of Long Island. The Carpenter, Simkin, and Cole families purchased over 2,000 acres of waterfront property overlooking Hempstead Harbor and the Long Island Sound from the Native American Matinecock Tribe. b1100 There they built a lumber mill and a gristmill powered by the fresh water of Glen Cove Creek. Originally named Musketa Cove, which means ‘‘a place of rushes’’ in the Matinecock language, Musketa Cove went on to become one of the top four ports for smuggling on Long Island, as no one wanted to pay the English taxes on brandy, rum, and wine. The area grew with professional craftsmen, weavers, carpenters, wool spinners, tailors, millers, and ship-builders. Corn farming developed in the surrounding area. A second major industry began in the early 1800s when Dr. Thomas Garvie discovered massive clay deposits and began to mine and ship the clay to pot-teries in New York City and elsewhere on Long Island. Dr. Garvie also began a daily steamship operation between Glen Cove and New York City that began to attract residents looking to escape the city’s sweltering summer heat. Tourism-minded residents started to worry that the name Musketa Cove 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.034 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4726 May 24, 2018 
sounded too much like mosquito cove, and, in 1834, they changed the name to Glen Cove. It worked. By the mid-1850s tourism was booming with daily steam-ship operations, leading to the develop-ment of six major hotels, taverns, and boarding houses. A new industry emerged. The Duryea Starch factory took advantage of the fresh water, the gristmills, and the plentiful corn and became one of the world’s largest starch factories. In fact, in 1878, Duryea won the Paris Gold Medal for the best starch in the world. Industry flourished, tourism flour-ished, and Glen Cove began to attract more attention. In the early 1900s, some of the wealthiest families in the world made Glen Cove their home. J. P. Morgan, the wealthy financier, who bailed out the U.S. Government; F. W. Wool-worth, the founder of the original five- and-dime department store, whose marketing began the commercializa-tion of Christmas gift giving; and the Pratt family, who amassed their for-tune by controlling the kerosene mar-ket and, ultimately, merging with John D. Rockefeller to form Standard Oil, all built their massive summer es-tates in Glen Cove, leading to the mon-iker of the ‘‘Gold Coast.’’ Between the industries that flour-ished on the waterfront and the Town & Country magazine rated Gold Coast estates, Glen Cove with its vibrant downtown of merchants was booming. Immigrants from all over the world and America flocked to the area to work at the starch factory, or the Ladew Leatherworks that tanned hides to be used for industrial belts. Immi-grants like my grandfather and father from Italy, and others from Ireland, Poland, Germany, and elsewhere, worked not only in the factories, but in the gardens, kitchens, pantries, and ga-rages of the Gold Coast estates. African Americans from the South migrated to the area and found work, many as ex-perts training and caring for thoroughbreds and polo ponies. Around 1917, Glen Cove residents, who saw the economic vibrancy from the estates, the factories, and the vi-brant downtown, populated by Jewish, Italian, and English merchants, no longer wished to share their plentiful property and sales tax dollars with the town of Oyster Bay, under whose juris-diction Glen Cove existed as a village. Community leaders worked with the State legislature and the Governor to break off and become Long Island’s first city. Glen Cove has traveled a long jour-ney. Its population exploded, as did much of Long Island, with veterans re-turning from World War II. Its industrial vibrancy, which went on to include Li Tungsten, a munitions factory; Mattiace Petrochemical; Co-lumbia Ribbon and Carbon; Powers Chemco; Konica; and Photocircuits, a circuit board manufacturer, all left be-hind a negative environmental legacy that the City has now cleaned up as it moves forward to a new age of develop-ment and waterfront revitalization. With hundreds of acres of publically- owned nature preserves, three public beaches, golf courses, a fishing pier, and multiple ballfields and parks, Glen Cove has been restored to a waterfront community with a short commute to Manhattan that once attracted some of the wealthiest families in the world. Unlike much of Long Island, that is either all rich or all poor, or all Black or all White, or all this or all that, Glen Cove remains a diverse commu-nity with the wealthiest of the wealthy and a large supply of low-income hous-ing that is anchored by a solid middle class. It is home to over 60 ethnicities: two Catholic churches, two Baptist churches, two Jewish synagogues. It also has houses of worship for African Methodist Episcopalians, Lutherans, Methodists, Episcopalians, and Evangelicals. The Presbyterian church is one of the most beautiful architec-tural marvels of the City. Glen Cove is also home to a Russian Orthodox church, a Sikh gurdwara, Jehovah’s Witnesses, and several Latino church-es. Many movies, television shows, and commercials have been filmed in Glen Cove, including Alfred Hitchcock’s North by Northwest, starring Cary Grant and Eva Marie Saint; and Sabrina, starring Audrey Hepburn, Wil-liam Holden, and Humphrey Bogart. In fact, as mayor, I met Harrison Ford while filming the remake of Sabrina with Julia Ormond and Greg Kinnear. I met Michael Douglas while filming A Perfect Murder, and told him how his dad, Kirk Douglas, had filmed A Lovely Way to Die in the 1960s in Glen Cove. A former Pratt estate, now the Webb In-stitute of Naval Architecture, was stately Wayne Manor in Batman For-ever. A host of other movies, such as Annie Hall, Hair, Eyes Wide Shut, and one obscure favorite, A New Leaf, were all filmed in Glen Cove as well. Famous historical figures called Glen Cove home. Bobby Kennedy resided in Glen Cove when he ran for United States Senator of New York. Jackie Kennedy called West Island home after the President had been shot. The first female congresswoman from New York was Ruth Baker Pratt. Base-ball legends, including Roy Campanella, Whitey Ford and, more re-cently, Yoenis Cespedes of the New York Mets. Billy Joel spent a short time in Glen Cove. And Ashanti grew up in Glen Cove—I attended her sweet 16 birthday party—while many other artists record here regularly at Cove City Sound Studios. And Sergeant Major Dan Daly, a ma-rine, is one of only 19 men in U.S. his-tory, in our entire Nation, to have re-ceived the Medal of Honor, twice. Many of the old estates have been repurposed, including Killenworth, a former Pratt estate that served as the home of the Soviet Ambassador of the United Nations, and still serves the Russian Ambassador. Nikita Khru-shchev visited the estate after pound-ing his shoe on the lectern at the United Nations back in the 1960s. Welwyn, another former Pratt estate, is a 200-acre nature preserve and serves as the Nassau County Holocaust Memo-rial and Tolerance Center. Not every Glen Cover has a boldface name, but every Glen Cove resident contributes in their own unique way to the community: the first responders, the business owners, and the volun-teers; the elected officials, city em-ployees, the coaches, and the moms and dads; the teachers, preachers, and the gadflies that show up at the city council meetings; the world-class restauranteurs and bakers, the multigenerational shop owners, and the too many to mention fraternal and service organizations. Glen Cove is alive and will continue long after these words are forgotten. As I said, I love Glen Cove and Glen Cove is why I love America. It has di-versity. It has history. And it has won-derful people. Glen Cove has offered opportunity to so many families, including mine. It is what makes America great. E pluribus unum, ‘‘out of many one.’’ Glen Cove has every type of eth-nicity, religion, and income group. It enjoys low crime, low unemployment, and a robust community life. It works and it will continue to work. Happy anniversary and congratula-tions to my friends and neighbors. God bless our warm city with the cool sound, and God bless the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
TRUMP’S MOBILE SECURITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
EDLIEU) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the des-ignee of the minority leader. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I am here with Congressman R
UBEN GALLEGO . I would like to talk about national security and how the President of the United States may be inadvertently giving away classified information. The President, through public report-ing, shows that he is unwilling to swap out his cell phones. There is a big prob-lem with this. Last term, I was involved with this flaw called the SS7 flaw. It is some-thing that allows foreign powers and criminal syndicates affiliated with for-eign powers to listen in on your cell phone just knowing your cell phone number, and there is no real good way to stop it. Our concern is that if the President finds it too inconvenient to deal with this issue of his cell phones, then his conversations could be lis-tened in on by other foreign nations or by criminal syndicates. We also find this somewhat ironic and hypocritical when the Republican- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.037 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4727 May 24, 2018 
controlled Congress, last term, went to great lengths to talk about the poten-tial damage of having a private email server for Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. This is a very similar concept. These are cell phones from which for-eign powers can get the actual con-versations of the President of the United States. We just want the White House, the Secret Service, and other agencies to talk to the President and say: Look, you just have to deal with operational security. You are their most highly- valued target in terms of intelligence information that foreign powers want; and, please, for our national security, swap out your cell phones. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I came down to the floor today to give a gentle reminder and a wake-up call to Chair-man G
OWDY and to Speaker R YAN. I know they have a lot going on. The Speaker is flying out to do a fundraiser today. But I want to make sure he ac-tually understood that what we know, also from multiple media outlets, is that this President is using a phone that is potentially compromising na-tional security. Rather than use the best, most se-cure communication technology in the world, President Trump just reaches into his pocket and pulls out his reg-ular off-the-shelf phone when he wants to discuss matters of state. Now, he can switch to another phone, a govern-ment-provided phone, one that is se-cure, and he can still even tweet from that phone, but, for some reason, he is still stuck on this phone that is a na-tional security risk. Why would the leader of the free world, and our Commander in Chief, ex-pose sensitive communication to for-eign intelligence agencies? Why would he act in such a reckless, negligent manner? Well, according to news reports, the simple answer is that Donald Trump uses his personal cell phone because he just feels like it; it is more convenient for him. Forget the rules and forget the warnings from the military. He just does what he wants and ignores the consequences. I want to highlight this story for Chairman G
OWDY and Speaker R YAN because I know they care deeply about data security at the highest level of our government. After all, when Sec-retary Clinton was found to have used her personal email server, they launched multiple, month-long inves-tigations. They spent millions of tax dollars conducting five emergency hearings, including four, coinciden-tally, right before the election, and ended up issuing more than 70 sub-poenas. Their efforts helped generate huge amounts of media coverage. In one 6- day period, The New York Times ran as many cover stories about Hillary Clin-ton’s emails as they did about all of the policy issues combined in the 69 days leading up to the election. But now that President Trump’s widely irresponsible use of his personal cell phone has been exposed, now that we know he could be exposing Amer-ica’s secrets to our gravest enemies, surely my Republican friends are going to be just as worried about data secu-rity as they were in the past and con-duct some oversight. Surely, they will. They surely will demand and request all the documents, hold hearings, and question witnesses. Surely. They will want to get to the bottom of this scan-dal as soon as possible. Prior to the election, Chairman GOWDY explained to the reporters: 
This investigation is not about politics. This is not even about one individual. 
If it wasn’t about politics, and if it wasn’t just about stopping Hillary Clinton, the Speaker of the House and the chairman of the Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform Committee should certainly feel interested in inves-tigating the President’s cell phone use. And yet, coincidentally, they have been completely silent. Not one press statement, not one letter, not one word of warning to the White House. It is almost as if they have no inter-est in conducting real oversight of this President. It is almost as if they are more interested in helping this Presi-dent than holding him accountable. It is almost as if this Republican Party has completely lost its moral compass under this President. Mr. Speaker, perhaps my good friend, Congressman T
EDLIEU, could shed some light on more of these troubling issues for me. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman G
ALLEGO for his comments. Both of us served Active Duty in the United States military—Congressman G
ALLEGO served in combat—and we both know that one of the most impor-tant things to our military is oper-ational security and protecting our communications and making sure that they are secure. b1115 Donald Trump is the Commander in Chief of our military. If there is anyone that needs to have their communica-tions secure, it has got to be our Com-mander in Chief. Unfortunately, the President and the Republicans here that enable him are allowing him to have unsecured com-munications. That is really going to be harmful to our national security. This is not some sort of theoretical flaw that exists. The Federal Commu-nications Commission has issued a re-port saying that this flaw where for-eign powers can listen in on our cell phone communications is real, it ex-ists. People have used it not just to listen in, but also to do nefarious things. A bank earlier this year lost millions of dollars because of this flaw. So, again, we urge the President and the Republicans here to change the President’s behavior, to do oversight on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I am going to conclude this segment. I thank you for listening. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 204. An act to authorize the use of unap-proved medical products by patients diag-nosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. S. 292. An act to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. S. 1282. An act to redesignate certain clin-ics of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated in Montana. S. 2155. An act to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. S. 2372. An act to establish a permanent community care program for veterans, to es-tablish a commission for the purpose of mak-ing recommendations regarding the mod-ernization or realignment of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration, to improve construction of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 18 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Fri-day, May 25, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4971. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting a report on the Voluntary Commitments to Reduce Indus-trial Energy Intensity, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 15811(f); Public Law 109-58, Sec. 106(f); (118 Stat. 611); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4972. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: En-ergy Conservation Standards for Ceiling Fan Light Kits [EERE-2012-BT-STD-0045] (RIN: 1904-AC87) received May 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4973. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pyroxasulfone; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0787; FRL- 9977-25] received May 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.038 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4728 May 24, 2018 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4974. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to California State Implementation Plan; Bay Area Air Quality Management District; Stationary Sources; New Source Review [EPA-R09-OAR- 2018-0080; FRL-9977-24-Region 9] received May 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4975. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Reform of Generator Interconnection Proce-dures and Agreements [Docket No.: RM17-8- 000] (Order No.: 845) received May 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4976. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions to the Unverified List (UVL) [Docket No.: 180214174-8174-01] (RIN: 0694- AH54) received May 22, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4977. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the semiannual re-port by the Inspector General of the Farm Credit Administration for the period of Octo-ber 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4978. A letter from the Acting Director, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting a re-port titled ‘‘Comprehensive Inventory of U.S. Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Natural Gas Resources — 2018 Update’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 15912(b); Public Law 109-58, Sec. 357(b); (119 Stat. 720); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4979. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Department of State 2018 Civil Monetary Penalties Inflationary Adjustment [Public Notice 10236] (RIN: 1400-AE50) received May 22, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4980. A letter from the Administrator, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the FY 2017 Goaling Without Exclusions Re-port, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 644(h)(3)(A)(ii); Public Law 85-536, Sec. 2 (as amended by Public Law 114-328, Sec. 1802); (130 Stat. 2650); to the Committee on Small Business. 4981. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Extension of Expiration Date for Endocrine Disorders Body System Listings [Docket No.: SSA- 2018-0016] (RIN: 0960-AI28) received May 22, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5317. A bill to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to re-move the prohibition on certain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands (Rept. 115– 703). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CULBERSON: Committee on Appro-priations. H.R. 5952. A bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–704). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. House Resolution 877. Resolution of inquiry directing the Sec-retary of Commerce to provide certain docu-ments in the Secretary’s possession to the House of Representatives relating to the de-cision to include a question on citizenship in the 2020 decennial census of population (Rept. 115–705); adversely. Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. ADERHOLT: Committee on Appropria-tions. H.R. 5961. A bill making appropria-tions for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–706). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself and Mr. S
HERMAN ): H.R. 5953. A bill to provide regulatory re-lief to charitable organizations that provide housing assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. P OSEY , Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey): H.R. 5954. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. M
ESSER , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 5955. A bill to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself and Mr. S
ABLAN ): H.R. 5956. A bill to incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ): H.R. 5957. A bill to establish the Caddo Lake National Heritage Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. D UN-
CANof Tennessee, and Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas): H.R. 5958. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require pharmacy-ne-gotiated price concessions and pharmacy in-centive payments and adjustments to be in-cluded in negotiated prices at the point-of- sale under part D of the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut): H.R. 5959. A bill to promote national secu-rity and jobs through the use of natural gas to fuel heavy-duty trucks and fleet vehicles; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, Energy and Commerce, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and Mr. R
UTHERFORD ): H.R. 5960. A bill to direct the Attorney General to make grants to regional gang task forces to prevent violence committed by and against youths, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. G
ALLEGO , and Ms. T ITUS): H.R. 5962. A bill to provide for loan forgive-ness for STEM teachers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. B
ERA): H.R. 5963. A bill to delay the reimposition of the annual fee on health insurance pro-viders until after 2020; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas): H.R. 5964. A bill to amend the Professional Boxing Safety Act of 1996 to provide addi-tional safety standards for professional box-ing; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 5965. A bill to require health insur-ance coverage for the treatment of infer-tility; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KEATING (for himself, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. C OFF-
MAN): H.R. 5966. A bill to improve the provision of health care for women veterans by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire (for herself and Mrs. B
USTOS ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24MY7.000 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4729 May 24, 2018 
H.R. 5967. A bill to establish a single export promotion agency in the executive branch, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for himself and Mrs. T
ORRES ): H.R. 5968. A bill to encourage online work-force training; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 5969. A bill to prohibit the use of Fed-eral funds for the provision of broadband service in any State that has in effect a law, regulation, or other requirement that pro-hibits, limits, places conditions on, or regu-lates the provision of broadband service by public, cooperative, or nonprofit broadband providers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 5970. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to implement rules simplifying the quarterly financial re-porting regime; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 5971. A bill to include nonprofit and volunteer ground and air ambulance crew members and first responders for certain benefits; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself and Mr. S
UOZZI ): H.R. 5972. A bill to amend section 502 of title 40, United States Code, to allow State and local governments to purchase from the Federal supply schedule, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. M
CGOVERN (for himself and Mr. P
OEof Texas): H. Res. 910. A resolution condemning vio-lence against children globally, and encour-aging the development of a strategy for pre-venting, addressing, and ending violence against children and youth globally; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. L EE, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. T
AKANO , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M
ENG, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. B ERA, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. S
PEIER , and Mr. G OMEZ ): H. Res. 911. A resolution recognizing the significance of Asian/Pacific American Herit-age Month in May as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to the history of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B EYER , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , and Mr. G ARRETT ): H. Res. 912. A resolution recognizing the importance of the Chesapeake Bay and sup-porting the efforts and goals of the Clean the Bay Day; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. COHEN , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. F
OSTER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. M OORE , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R
USH, Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mrs. B EATTY ): H. Res. 913. A resolution expressing support for the goals and ideals of June 1 through June 3, 2018 as ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Weekend’’ and June 2018 as ‘‘Na-tional Gun Violence Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 5952 Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.R. 5953. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 5954. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, and Article III, Section 1, Clause 1 and Article III, Section 2, Clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress authority over federal courts. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5955. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 5956. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 5957. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2: The Con-gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 5958. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States of America By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5959. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution, providing, in relevant part, that ‘‘[t]he Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises, to pay the debts and pro-vide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’ By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 5960. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 11: The Con-gress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. ADERHOLT: H.R. 5961. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 5962. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 5963. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5964. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 5965. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.‘‘ By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 5966. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24MY7.100 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4730 May 24, 2018 
By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 5967. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes . . . .’’ By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H.R. 5968. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1—All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 5969. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 5970. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 5971. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 5972. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: H.R. 110: Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 154: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 178: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 233: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 422: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 490: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 964: Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 997: Mr. L
AMALFA and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 1006: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1048: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 1150: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1171: Mr. P
AYNE and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 1212: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1276: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 1651: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1681: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 1904: Mr. B
ARRand Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama. H.R. 2151: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 2267: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 2294: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2317: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 2358: Mr. O’R
OURKE and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 2575: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2598: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2651: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2867: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2938: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3010: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 3148: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 3192: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 3265: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 3272: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 3378: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 3528: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 3570: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 3692: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. M
ATSUI , and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 4275: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 4548: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4657: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4684: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 4859: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 5002: Mr. W
ALDEN , Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 5041: Mr. SIMPSON and Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER . H.R. 5102: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 5108: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 5171: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 5193: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 5261: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 5329: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 5353: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 5385: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 5483: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5533: Mr. N
EAL, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5559: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 5580: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , and Mr. W ALDEN . H.R. 5583: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5596: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 5605: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. W AL-
DEN. H.R. 5658: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 5675: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5687: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5728: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. S IRES, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. R
USH. H.R. 5757: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 5771: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 5780: Mr. G
OMEZ , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 5789: Mr. W
ALDEN and Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER . H.R. 5795: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5796: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5807: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5808: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5818: Mr. E
NGEL and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 5880: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 5889: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 5900: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 5928: Mr. S
ERRANO . H. Res. 785: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H. Res. 864: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H. Res. 868: Mr. L
EVIN. H. Res. 907: Mr. F
LORES . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.023 H24MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2889 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 2018 No. 86 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable D
EAN H
ELLER , a Senator from the State of Nevada. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, Sustainer of human-ity, thank You for faithfully providing for all of our needs. When we have trusted Your guidance, You have con-sistently ordered our steps, doing for us more than we can ask or imagine. Today, give our lawmakers a gen-erous portion of Your wisdom. Remind them that Your wisdom is pure, peace- loving, considerate, humble, merciful, and impartial. Provide our Senators with power to carry out their respon-sibilities in a way that honors You. Lord, as Memorial Day approaches, we praise You for all of the sacrifices made for this land we love. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, May 24, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable DEANHELLER , a Sen- ator from the State of Nevada, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. HELLER thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to consider the following nomina-tions, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Di-rectors of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation for a term of five years; and Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Board of Direc-tors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for a term of six years. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, we are in the midst of quite a productive week in the Senate. Yesterday, this body did its part in fulfilling an impor-tant promise to our Nation’s veterans. We passed the VA MISSION Act by a wide, bipartisan margin. Having already passed the House, this truly landmark bill will now head to the White House where the Presi-dent will soon sign it into law. It will bring more options and great-er flexibility to veterans who have spent years driving long distances to the nearest VA care facility, only to face long lines and waiting lists when they got there. It will bring more peace of mind for veterans of all eras and their families who have faced uncertainty and limita-tions as their needs for care have evolved. This legislation continues, expands, and improves the successful Veterans Choice Program that has already helped millions of veterans nationwide, including more than 23,000 Kentuckians last year alone. Thanks to the stalwart leadership of Chairman ISAKSON and the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, the hard-and-fast time and distance thresholds that kept too many veterans out of the Choice Program will soon be gone. The providers we trust to provide top-notch care for our heroes will have clearer guidelines for prescribing opioids and more tools to attract and retain experienced professionals. I have heard from Kentucky veterans exactly what this bill will mean to them. One wrote: ‘‘Kentucky disabled veterans greatly appreciate Congress is finally taking action to correct defi-ciencies in the Caregiver Program.’’ Another explained that the legisla-tion ‘‘strikes the right balance to make sure we strengthen the VA system and provide veterans with the best care possible.’’ I thank my friend Chairman I
SAKSON  once more on this achievement. I am proud the Senate stepped up to the plate and showed America’s veterans that, on our watch, a promise made is a promise kept. What is more, we have already con-firmed two executive branch nominees and will process two more before the end of the week. First up is Jelena McWilliams, President Trump’s well- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.000 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2890 May 24, 2018 
qualified pick to chair the FDIC Board of Directors. This week, we have also seen an im-pressive proposal to reform the way Congress handles workplace claims, es-pecially claims of harassment. The Democratic leader and I strongly sup-port this proposal, as do our colleagues Senator B
LUNT and Senator K LO-
BUCHAR . All this comes in addition to two major Senate-passed bills that passed the House this week and are now head-ing to the President’s desk to become law: the legislation championed by our colleague Senator J
OHNSON , which will give terminally ill patients the right to try experimental drugs that are still making their way through the full FDA approval process, and the mainstreaming of Dodd-Frank regula-tions for small lenders and community banks, thanks to the leadership of Sen-ator C
RAPO . This legislation will help secure access to credit for middle-class families and small businesses, and the President will sign it just a few hours from now. There is also important activity un-derway at the committee level. Chair-man B
ARRASSO is leading the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee through consideration of measures to improve and expand America’s water-ways infrastructure. Chairman S
HELBY  and the Appropriations Committee today have already begun their work on the annual funding bills. Following the committee’s robust discussions, I look forward to bringing the appropria-tions bills they craft to the Senate floor. Earlier this week, the Armed Services Committee began considering this year’s Defense authorization bill. They have a solid foundation on which to build, thanks to the historic agree-ment reached earlier this year that de-livered the highest year-on-year in-crease in funding for our Armed Forces in 15 years. One bill after another, one confirma-tion after another, the Senate con-tinues to produce major accomplish-ments that will directly improve the lives of the American people. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, on that subject, yes-terday brought yet another piece of ex-citing news for American workers and middle-class families. The U.S. manu-facturer United Technologies an-nounced new plans to invest $15 billion right here in America and hire 35,000 American workers in the next several years. This Fortune 100 company makes a wide variety of engineered products, from jet engines to elevators. Now, be-cause of this favorable climate for business growth, investment, and job creation, they are putting billions into research and development and capital investment and creating tens of thou-sands of new job openings. To fill some of these job openings, the company is partnering with com-munity colleges, high schools, and other workforce training programs. This all comes on the heels of the com-pany’s other recent investments, like the new 93,000-square-foot facility in Lansing, MI, and a new 80,000-square- foot facility in Foley, AL. What is making all this possible? Ac-cording to United Technologies’ an-nouncement, ‘‘The competitive tax sys-tem resulting from U.S. tax reform is encouraging global companies, such as United Technologies, to make long- term investments in innovation in America.’’ This announcement is exactly the kind of headline you would expect to see in an America that is growing again. It is exactly what you would ex-pect to happen as Republican policies continue to get Washington, DC, out of the way of American workers and job creators, and let them do what they do best—build an economy that is the envy of the rest of the world. Yesterday’s announcement was no isolated incident. We are hearing an-nouncements like this from job cre-ators, large and small, from national employers to Main Street businesses in my State of Kentucky and all across the country. Back in 2013, under the Democrats’ policy agenda, more than two-thirds of U.S. manufacturers reported that a hostile business climate due to taxes and regulation was a primary obstacle in their way. That was in 2013. Today, just 16 months into this uni-fied Republican government, fewer than one in five say that. This come-back for American manufacturing means new job openings for American workers, more prosperity for our small towns and cities, and higher take-home pay for middle-class American fami-lies. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. HYDE-SMITH). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, this morning, I would like to address four issues at varying lengths: recent news on the North Korea summit, the Russia probe, the proposed recission of Ebola funding, and a word about the upcoming Memorial Day holiday. 
NORTH KOREA  
First, Madam President, on the very recent news that President Trump has canceled the planned summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea, the fear many of us had was that the summit between President Trump and Kim Jong Un would be a great show that produced nothing enduring. If a summit is to be reconstituted, the United States must show strength and achieve a concrete, verifiable, enduring elimination of Kim Jong Un’s nuclear capabilities. RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Second, Madam President, on the Russia probe, today on Capitol Hill, Department of Justice, FBI, and intel-ligence community officials are sched-uled to brief the Members of Congress on a few issues related to Special Coun-sel Mueller’s investigation into Putin’s meddling in the 2016 election. There will be two briefings—one for a House Republican partisan who has re-lentlessly harassed the Justice Depart-ment to reveal sources and methods to him for the sole purpose of interfering with and denigrating the special coun-sel’s investigation. After several re-quests, the Department of Justice will also brief the bipartisan Gang of 8 on the same information separately later in the day. While we believe no briefing should occur, it is a good thing that the Gang of 8 will be briefed. The overwhelming fact remains that a separate meeting with a known partisan whose only in-tent is to undermine the Mueller inves-tigation makes no sense and should be called off. What is the point of a sepa-rate briefing if not to cause partisan trouble and create a he said, she said scenario? It is so damaging to the way our officials in the Justice Department have always worked. Representative N
UNES , the architect of this sham briefing, no longer de-serves the benefit of the doubt. He lost all claims to objectivity long ago with his ridiculous, late-night charade at the White House and his conduct on the House Intelligence Committee, cul-minating in a document of innuendo and whitewashing that has recently come to be called the Nunes memo. The reason Leader P
ELOSI and I re-quested a Gang of 8 briefing was be-cause that is the process for Congress to review sensitive and potentially classified information—it has been the process for decades—the reason being, the Gang of 8 is already read into sen-sitive national security information and because the Gang of 8 is bipartisan. When one party—Representative N
UNES , who so clearly wants to distort national security information for par-tisan purposes—asks for a solitary briefing, there shouldn’t be a briefing at all. Our preference would still be for the Justice Department to cancel the brief-ing today, but if it goes forward, there should be one briefing and one briefing only: bipartisan, Gang of 8. It is also wholly inappropriate that General Kelly is at all involved in these briefings. The White House should never be allowed to interfere in an ongoing DOJ investigation, but it is absolutely beyond the pale that they are interfering in an investigation in-volving the President and his cam-paign. The person and people being in-vestigated are being briefed on their investigation before it concludes. That doesn’t happen in our justice system no matter who you are. Americans will rightly wonder why General Kelly was present. To erase their doubts, he should skip the meeting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.002 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2891 May 24, 2018 
Alongside all the action on Capitol Hill today, President Trump continues to fabricate a false narrative about deep-state bias against his Presidency. This is what a child does. You look at them like they are doing something wrong, and they blame something else. They try to divert your attention. That is how the President is acting. Yesterday, he tweeted: ‘‘Look at how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State.’’ Well, Mr. Presi-dent, I direct you to your own Sec-retary of State. You just appointed him, promoted him. Here is what he said yesterday: 
I don’t believe there’s a deep state at the State Department. . . . The employees . . . at the CIA nearly uniformly were aimed at achieving . . . America’s objectives. 
That is the President’s own Sec-retary of State, his own former CIA Di-rector, dispensing with this fantastical notion of a deep state. The President says there were spies in his campaign. It is all in the same vein of his other conspiracy theories. Remember, President Trump said that Obama tapped his phones. That was false. He said before that Russia did not interfere in our elections. That was false. Why should we think the claim that there were spies in his campaign is any different? He makes it up as he goes along to divert attention from the real issue: that Russia tried to influ-ence our election; did influence our election; and there may, may, may—we don’t know for sure, but we have to find out—have been collusion with members of President Trump’s cam-paign and even President Trump in that regard. That is serious stuff. We have already had 13 indictments. It is beyond any doubt that Russia did try to influence our election. We need to find out who participated. That is im-perative to the future of this country. The President, acting like he has something to hide, keeps trying to sub-vert the investigation by simply in-venting enemies out of shadows and sowing division in our country. If it were anyone else, we would call it par-anoia. Meanwhile, the President continues to risk our national security by using an unsecured cell phone for some of his communications. When the Washington Post asked a national security expert the odds of a foreign adversary having gained access to the President’s unse-cured cell phone, the expert responded: ‘‘100 percent, the question is how many foreign powers.’’ So while President Trump points the finger of blame in every direction and was relentless that Hillary Clinton broke security protocols, he is guilty of creating a real national security threat every time he picks up his cell phone to call Sean Hannity or Rudy Giuliani. It is amazing. It is utterly amazing, the times we are living in, and it amazes me so that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle still remain silent—still remain silent. Who would have thought. EBOLA FUNDING  
Madam President, in early May, President Trump proposed rescinding $250 million meant to combat the Ebola virus and other infectious diseases. Not only are these rescissions a slap in the face of the bipartisan budget process, but they are dangerous to our national health and security. Just last week, a new case of the Ebola virus was confirmed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and at least two dozen people have already died in this most recent outbreak. Let’s not forget how vociferously our friends on the other side of the aisle criticized President Obama on how he handled the Ebola outbreak in 2014. Once again, Donald Trump totally con-tradicts what he said in the past with what he is doing now. Here is what Donald Trump tweeted in 2014: 
Ebola has been confirmed in NYC with offi-cials frantically trying to find all of the peo-ple and things he had contact with. Obama’s fault. 
Well, does he now say that it is Trump’s fault? What mind-bending hy-pocrisy. Now President Donald Trump pro-poses rescinding the same funding that Congress passed to help handle the Ebola crisis in 2014 and that continues to keep America safe. God forbid this funding is rescinded and Ebola out-breaks reemerge. It would actually be President Trump’s fault. The President should withdraw his rescission request for this funding, as Senator L
EAHY and his colleagues on the State and Foreign Operations Ap-propriations Subcommittee asked in a letter this week. That funding should be free for USAID to use as Congress intended. And Donald Trump ought to learn from his past statements. If he can blame Obama for not fully going after the Ebola outbreak in 2014, why is he cutting money for Ebola now? 
MEMORIAL DAY  
Finally, Madam President, on a sol-emn note, before the Memorial Day weekend, I want to express my deep and abiding gratitude to the men and women in the armed services who gave their last full measure of devotion in defense of our Nation and our free-doms. This morning, I am thinking of one veteran: Larry Reilly, Sr., of Syra-cuse, NY. He was known to us by his naval rank: Chief Reilly. Chief Reilly served on the USS Frank E. Evans, along with his son who carried his name, Larry Reilly, Jr. The Frank E. Evans sunk, tragically, in a training accident just outside the combat zone during the Vietnam war, killing 74. Chief Reilly survived the accident; Larry Reilly, Jr., did not. Because the Department of Defense did not consider the Frank E. Evans dis-aster a wartime casualty—it was a short distance outside the combat zone—we will not find the name of Larry Reilly, Jr., on that wall of black stone a few miles from here. None of the names of the 74 sailors who died that day grace the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. Chief Reilly spent much of his ener-gies in the years since the war trying to right that wrong, to get his son and his son’s fellow shipmates who passed away in that tragedy their rightful place in our Nation’s history. Chief Reilly, I regret to inform every-one, passed away earlier this week. We who knew Chief Reilly remember him fondly. We send our condolences to his friends and his family, along with the message that his cause does not die with him. In his honor, we will con-tinue to pressure the Pentagon to rec-ognize the Frank E. Evans, and those who were killed when it suffered this tragedy, on the Vietnam Veterans Me-morial. This weekend, as we honor our fallen veterans in big cities and in small towns throughout this grand country, I will be thinking of Chief Reilly and his son. May we never forget the sacrifices they made, along with so many others, so that we may all enjoy the full bless-ings of liberty. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. (The remarks of Mr. WICKER per-taining to the introduction of S. 2955 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. WICKER. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ABORTION  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, last week, the Trump administration proposed new rules to finally bring Federal pol-icy back in line with Federal law. This should not be controversial in a repub-lic committed to the rule of law. But this new policy touches the question of abortion, which tempts all three branches of our Federal Government to turn truth, justice, and the law inside out in the service of violence. Presi-dent Trump, to his credit, is resisting those temptations and affirming what the law should do—affirming the fact that the law should do what the law says. The particular law in question is the Public Health Service Act. Every year, it allocates hundreds of millions of tax-payer dollars to public health centers across the country. Under the 1970 stat-ute, no Public Health Service dollars ‘‘shall be used in programs where abor-tion is a method of family planning.’’ That is, the bill was expressly written to fund healthcare for lower income communities, including family plan-ning services, but not to fund or facili-tate abortion, which, of course, is the opposite of healthcare. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.004 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2892 May 24, 2018 
Yet in the 1980s, the General Ac-counting Office found that abortion providers were colocating their non-abortion and abortion-providing serv-ices and just keeping two different sets of books. This put patients, policy-makers, and taxpayers in an impossible position. So regulations correcting this obvious abuse of the law were imple-mented; then they were upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court. Subsequent Democratic Presidents rescinded these regulations, leaving the abortion industry free to indulge its ever-growing appetite for Ameri-cans’ blood and treasure. This is the unacceptable status quo that the Trump administration would correct. By reinstating some of those prior regulations, President Trump is fol-lowing through on his campaign prom-ise to the American people to get tax-payer money out of the abortion indus-try. This is to his great credit. Wher-ever you stand on the question of legal-ized killing of unborn children, it is es-sential that we draw the line at tax-payer funding of it. The new rule would indeed reduce the flow of Federal dollars to abortion pro-viders, including the billion-dollar be-hemoth of the grisly industry, Planned Parenthood. Even a modest step in this direction—in this case, about 15 per-cent—is to be commended. In addition to incremental reform, this new rule is also a clarifying asset. After all, it does not deny Planned Par-enthood or any colocated clinics any-thing. It doesn’t deny anything to them. It simply offers them a choice, and given Planned Parenthood’s prot-estations that abortions are just a tiny fraction of what Planned Parenthood does, the choice should be easy enough. If, despite their billions of dollars of taxpayer subsidies and private dona-tions, Planned Parenthood and its ac-complice organizations can’t afford two local facilities—one for abortion and one for nonabortion care and coun-seling—they will just have to choose which clinic to keep open. They will have to decide—or, perhaps, just pub-licly admit—what business it is that they are really in: healthcare or abor-tion, life or death. Of course, we al-ready know the answer. That is why Planned Parenthood is widely expected to lead a lawsuit to block the regula-tion just as soon as it is implemented. As the New York Times recently put it, abortion is to Planned Parenthood what the internet is to Facebook; that is, like justice and the rule of law are to the American Republic. Our abortion-on-demand legal regime today is doubly unjust, first, because it was created by judges rather than elected lawmakers and, second, be-cause it denies the undeniable human-ity of the unborn. President Trump’s new policy would improve the law on both counts. First, it would bring the administration of the law back into line with Congress’s clear, statutory text. Second, it would signal that in this White House, the protection of in-nocent human life will be the guiding principle that it should be in any civ-ilized society. The new rule will protect Americans’ right to protect themselves and the un-born from taxpayer-funded abortions and, hopefully, create just a little more space for the weakest and the most vulnerable among us to grow, to thrive, and to hope that we will one day see that inevitable day not so far from now when our laws and our hearts answer the immutable call of justice, love, and respect for the dignity of the human soul. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Massachu-setts. 
CONFIRMATION OF BRIAN MONTGOMERY  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, Donald Trump promised during his inaugural address to fight for ‘‘the forgotten men and women of our country,’’ but in Donald Trump’s Washington, the Sen-ate sits on its hands as the revolving door spins faster and faster. Brian Montgomery is just the latest in a line of bankers, lawyers, investors, and con-sultants who cashed in on their big- time public service and now want back in. Mr. Montgomery has just been con-firmed to be the Commissioner of the Federal Housing Administration, the FHA, which provides taxpayer-backed insurance that helps millions of Ameri-cans buy homes they might not other-wise be able to afford. Lenders make loans to these families because the FHA gives them some protection in case the families default. Like any in-surance, there are strict rules about who qualifies. Unless it is managed well, the FHA could expose taxpayers to a risk of billions of dollars in losses. Mr. Montgomery knows something about the FHA. He was the Commis-sioner from 2006 to 2009 while the hous-ing market was flying high and when it all came crashing down. Since almost the day he left, he has been making buckets of money selling his knowl-edge to banks who broke the rules and are trying to escape the consequences. Here is what I mean. One month after leaving the FHA, Mr. Montgomery founded and became vice chairman of a new company called Collingwood Group which, according to reports, was known in the housing finance industry as a specialist in helping firms navigate FHA-related penalties and lawsuits. Who better to navigate the rules of the FHA than the guy who used to be in charge of the FHA? One of Collingwood’s clients was Wells Fargo. They were in trouble for defrauding FHA, and in 2016 paid HUD a $1.2 billion fine. That is billion with a ‘‘b.’’ Wells Fargo admitted that from 2001 to 2008, it had lied to the FHA about whether certain loans were eligi-ble for FHA insurance. Mr. Mont-gomery was in charge of the FHA from 2006 to 2008 and let that fraud happen. After he left, he went to the other team, giving Wells Fargo the inside scoop on how to beat the rap. Collingwood also represented U.S. Bank. In 2014, U.S. Bank paid $200 mil-lion for defrauding FHA. In its settle-ment, U.S. Bank admitted that ‘‘from 2006 through 2011, it repeatedly cer-tified for FHA insurance mortgage loans that did not meet HUD under-writing requirements.’’ The taxpayers paid Mr. Montgomery to manage the FHA for 3 of those years, and he didn’t stop the fraud. When he left, U.S. Bank paid him to help them get away with it. I guess it pays to be an inside guy. I have seen some amazing cases of people spinning through the revolving door, but this one might take the cake. First, Montgomery runs an agency that puts taxpayer money on the line. While there, he looks the other way as the banks submit piles of fraudulent mortgages. The government then loses millions and millions of taxpayer dol-lars. Then, Mr. Montgomery waltzes right out the door and 1 month later starts a company advising the same big banks on how to pay the government back as little as possible for frauds they committed on his watch. Look, he may have the best of inten-tions, but we can never expect the American people to trust Washington if we approve nominees like Mr. Mont-gomery. It is bad enough that he put taxpayer money at risk by looking the other way as the banks committed fraud and then bad enough that he got rich working for those same banks. Now the Senate is letting him go back and do it all over again? No way. It is finally time to crack down on the re-volving door. Mr. President, 10 years ago, as the economy lurched toward a financial crisis, millions of American families braced for the impact. Over the next few years, almost 9 million families lost their jobs and millions more lost their homes and their savings. Giant banks—pillars of Wall Street for gen-erations—crumbled, bringing commu-nities across this country with it. In the aftermath of the crisis, Con-gress passed commonsense rules to make sure Wall Street could never again crash the economy and leave American families with the wreckage, but Donald Trump thinks that Dodd- Frank is ‘‘a disaster,’’ and he has promised to do a ‘‘big number’’ on the safeguards it created. He hired an army of bankers and bank lawyers from Wall Street to do the deed, and now Jelena McWilliams is the latest piece in the puzzle. Here is just one example. In the runup to the crisis, giant banks proved to be terrible judges of risk and ended up sucking down billions of dollars in taxpayer bailouts just to survive. To fix this, Dodd-Frank directed the bank-ing regulators to set strong capital standards that limited how much risk the big banks could load up on and re-quired them to hold enough cushion to survive in case their bets went bad. Policymakers and regulators from both sides of the aisle agree that these financial regulations made our econ-omy safer. Former FDIC Chair Sheila 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.006 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2893 May 24, 2018 
Bair and former Vice Chairman Thom-as Hoenig—both Republican ap-pointees—recently wrote in the Wall Street Journal that gutting capital rules ‘‘would weaken system resil-iency.’’ Current FDIC Chair Martin Gruenberg—a Democrat—said that strong capital requirements were ‘‘among the most important post-crisis reforms’’ and has opposed joint efforts by the Fed and the Treasury to under-mine them. Ms. McWilliams would drop that op-position. In fact, she is not even sure there was anything wrong with the capitalist standards before the crisis. That is not the only rule she would roll back. Donald Trump’s Wall Street mer-cenaries have taken aim at a lot of critical post-crisis rules, and every-thing we know about Ms. McWilliams suggests she will support those efforts. Here is what is on the agenda. First, there is the Volcker rule, which prohibits bank deposits from gambling with Grandma’s checking money. Banks are looking to scrap this rule, even though they are raking in literally record profits, but the FDIC has to agree before there are any changes. As soon as Ms. McWilliams is confirmed, bingo. Sorry, Grandma. Next is guidance that prevents banks from offering abusive, short-term loans similar to payday loan products. The OCC has told the banks it regulates to have at it. With Ms. McWilliams in charge, it is only a matter of time be-fore the FDIC banks get in the game. Third, there is also the Community Reinvestment Act, the CRA, which is designed to make sure a bank serves all credit-worthy customers in its commu-nity, regardless of the color of their skin. Lending discrimination is ramp-ant in America, even though 98 percent of banks pass their CRA exams, but banks and the Trump appointees they send to Washington want to make the test for passing even easier. Under Ms. McWilliams, the FDIC evidently will not stand in the way. I could go on and on, but here is the thing. It is not just that I disagree with Ms. McWilliams or think her actions will make consumers and our economy less safe; it is that Senate Republicans are stacking the deck to allow Ms. McWilliams to make these decisions without any discussion. The five-member FDIC Board is sup-posed to be split between Republicans and Democrats, but the Senate is mov-ing to confirm Ms. McWilliams before the White House has even nominated a Democratic Vice Chair for the agency. If Ms. McWilliams moves forward, the FDIC will be under complete Repub-lican control for an indefinite amount of time. Democrats should oppose the McWilliams nomination on this basis alone. Ms. McWilliams is the latest Trump appointee who thinks the biggest prob-lem with our financial rules is that the government is just too darn hard on the banks. Most Americans don’t feel that way. They want tougher rules on Wall Street, not weaker ones. We should listen to them because they are the ones who pay the price when things go wrong on Wall Street. I urge my colleagues to vote no. I yield the floor. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I rise today in support of Jelena McWilliams to be the Chair of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. A native of the former Yugoslavia, Jelena earned her bachelor’s degree and J.D. from the University of Cali-fornia at Berkeley. From tough experi-ences that her family shared in Europe, Jelena understands the value hard work provides in a free market envi-ronment like ours. The FDIC plays an important role in ensuring consumer confidence in our Nation’s banks. In addition to their work as the prudential regulator for State-chartered banks, the FDIC is also a key part of many interagency ef-forts to appropriately regulate finan-cial institutions. Due to her vast experience, Jelena is beyond qualified for this esteemed po-sition. To put it clearly, she has worked in all fields that interact with her new role. She is certainly no stranger to the Senate. During my time as chairman, Jelena served as chief counsel and deputy staff director of the Senate Banking Committee. Ad-ditionally, she was assistant chief counsel on the Senate Small Business Committee and has experience working for the Federal Reserve. Jelena also has private sector experience as an at-torney in private practice. She also served as executive vice president, chief legal officer, and corporate sec-retary for Fifth Third Bank. Opposition to her nomination is unfathomable. Ms. McWilliams was re-ported out of the Banking Committee by a voice vote in February. She under-stands all sides of the areas she will regulate with the highest level of so-phistication. However, that has not prevented Members of this body from being unreasonable. Opposition has ap-peared due to the nature of the Senate today, not due to any question regard-ing Jelena’s qualification for the job. Passage of her nomination builds on positive moment this week. With the passage of S. 2155, Congress has ad-vanced appropriate scaling back of over-burdensome financial regulations. By confirming Jelena, the Senate has the opportunity to continue providing Main Street with commonsense regu-latory relief. I am certain that Jelena is up for the challenge and confident that she will do an excellent job in this esteemed position. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
MEMORIAL DAY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this weekend, we honor those who have fought on the frontlines in battle and made the ultimate sacrifice on behalf of the United States of America. These men and women represent America at its best—a nation that is restless and unwavering in combating tyranny, that facilitates peace, and defends human rights and individual liberty across the globe; a nation that is unafraid to call evil by its name and then works to eradicate it through force, if necessary, even at great cost to itself and its own people. Today, in advance of the holiday weekend, I say thank you to the 200,000 military men and women who are sta-tioned in my State, the State of Texas, and to the 1.7 million veterans who call Texas home. Thank you for having served over the course of so many years in the face of so many dangers and at such great in-dividual sacrifice. Of course, many of their predecessors gave their lives defending this country on the bloody fields of Gettysburg, in the trenches of the Western Front, dur-ing the storming of the beaches at Nor-mandy, and during the Shock and Awe in Baghdad. These are just some exam-ples, each of them unique but none of which we should ever forget. We must also thank the military families of those warriors. I pray they find peace on Monday, when many of them will place flowers on military grave sites and speak privately to their loved ones who have passed on. In just a few days, I will have the chance to speak to young Texans who thought hard about their futures and the future of our country and decided they want to attend our U.S. military academies. These talented high school students are the cream of the crop. They have been accepted to our Na-tion’s five prestigious military service academies, and they will be gathering together, on Monday, in San Antonio. Even though I am not the one who has nominated all of them, we invite everyone who has been nominated—and their families—to come to this acad-emy sendoff. This sendoff is something I look forward to each year because it is an inspiration to me. At a time when people talk about the next generation and America’s future, they reassure me that our country still produces tal-ented, patriotic young men and women who want to serve their country and want to preserve our freedom. Meeting these young people who are making such bold and selfless decisions speaks well of the character of our Nation’s next generation. Then I will be heading down to Georgetown, TX, which is just outside of Austin, to a community called Sun City, which has a large veteran popu-lation. There, I will join in celebrating Memorial Day in a place where patriot-ism is not a dirty word. In Sun City, it is not an act either. Loving one’s coun-try and honoring fallen soldiers is sim-ply a given, and I know there will be a lot of American flags on full display. In the few days leading up to Memo-rial Day, we should also reflect on our duty as Members of Congress and as a nation to support our military service-members and their families and ask whether we are living up to our end of the bargain in Washington, DC. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.007 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2894 May 24, 2018 
Just yesterday, we took a very im-portant step in that regard by passing the VA MISSION Act, which includes some of the most substantial reforms to the veterans’ healthcare system that have been made in years. It lowers the barriers to care for vet-erans and gives them more treatment options. It also simplifies the bureau-cratic system of community care pro-grams and streamlines them from seven to one. It expands the family caregivers program, which I became convinced was important after having visited wounded warriors at Walter Reed. Frequently, because of the cata-strophic injuries they have suffered, a spouse has had to quit his or her job and basically tend to the needs of that wounded warrior, just as a practical matter, and provide assistance in addi-tion to the medical care that has been received. Expanding the family care-givers program is, I think, a step in the right direction. In this bill, we also address opioid prescription guidelines for outside pro-viders and encourage the hiring and re-tention of more Veterans Health Ad-ministration healthcare professionals. So there is a lot to talk about when we go home for Memorial Day, and I look forward to talking to our Active- Duty military and our veterans and to demonstrating that we are doing more than just talking about it; we are actu-ally doing something that will make a difference in their lives. Upon our return, I am also looking forward to continuing our hard work on the National Defense Authorization Act, which is something the Presiding Officer is intimately involved in, which was marked up yesterday in the Armed Services Committee. For 57 straight years, a Defense au-thorization bill has been signed into law by Presidents of both parties and through the hard work of congressional majorities that have been led by both parties. This year’s legislation will help ensure our military has what it needs to achieve the most difficult mis-sions they have ever faced and to em-bark on those that will inevitably arise tomorrow. I have spoken quite a bit about the China threat recently at this podium, and that country bears mentioning again, right now, because of its connec-tion to the Defense Authorization Act. As the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee said recently, it is ‘‘[i]n the Indo-Pacific region [where] the United States faces a near-term, belligerent threat armed with nuclear weapons and also a longer-term stra-tegic competitor.’’ China is that longer term strategic competitor, of course, and that is what Congressman M
ACTHORNBERRY was talking about. Yet we can’t just stop with China and North Korea. We need to talk about Russia, Iran, and the civil war and terrorist threat arising out of Syria and the Middle East. All of those are important in our de-liberations on the Defense authoriza-tion bill because the NDAA prioritizes military readiness across the globe where American leadership remains in-dispensable. It promotes security and stability in the Indo-Pacific, particu-larly through military exercises with our allies, and it improves Taiwan’s de-fense capabilities while we keep our commitment to Taiwan that was estab-lished a long time ago. The Defense authorization bill is im-portant for reasons that hit much clos-er to home as well. In past years, this bill has authorized needed improve-ments at Texas military facilities like Fort Hood, Joint Base San Antonio, the Red River Army Depot, and Elling-ton Field. It has also given our troops a much needed pay raise and updated advanced aircraft, ships, and ground vehicles. All of these have implications in Texas. As we get closer and closer to Memo-rial Day, let’s remember what our Armed Forces have given for us, in-cluding their very lives, and everything they have given to us, which is our freedom that we enjoy every day. Let’s make sure we keep up our end of the bargain here in Washington with legislation like the VA MISSION Act and the Defense authorization bill and at home with our patriotism and our frequent signs of appreciation for their service to our great country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Texas for his inspiring words and for his devotion to Texas veterans and to American vet-erans across our country. As we approach Memorial Day, this is a time to honor our fallen soldiers and to reflect on the enormous sac-rifices the men and women in uniform have made for us who were killed while serving this Nation. Mr. President, I rise to recognize the service and ultimate sacrifice of four Hoosier servicemembers who gave their lives in defending our country in the last year. The sacrifices of Ryan Lohrey, Jonathon Hunter, Mark Boner, and Clayton Cullen will not be forgot-ten. In July 2017, we lost Navy Corpsman Ryan Lohrey. He died with 15 other servicemembers when a military re-fueling aircraft crashed in a soybean field in Mississippi. He was 30 years old. Born in Anderson, Ryan was de-scribed as selfless and patient and humble. He played football at Shen-andoah High School in Middletown, where he graduated in 2005. Two years after graduation, Ryan joined the Navy and served our country in deployments to Afghanistan and Iraq. During his service, he earned a Purple Heart for being wounded in battle. Last August, Army SGT Jonathon Hunter was killed in Afghanistan. Jonathon was born in Columbus. He was a man of faith who loved his coun-try and his family. Before joining the Army, Jonathon played football at Co-lumbus East High School and then pur-sued his dream of becoming a music producer before enrolling at Indiana State University in Terre Haute. He left college to join the Army. He was 23 years old and just 32 days into his first deployment when he and a fel-low soldier were killed in a suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in southern Afghanistan. Jonathon was posthumously awarded a Purple Heart as well as a Bronze Star. In January, we lost SFC Mark Boner of the Indiana Army National Guard. Mark was born in Fort Wayne. After graduating from Elmhurst High School in 1993, he answered the call to serve his country. Mark enjoyed being at the lake, and he was a fan of the Notre Dame Fight-ing Irish. He served in the Army and in the Indiana National Guard. Mark had completed tours in both Iraq and Ku-wait and died at Fort Hood, TX, where he was training for his third deploy-ment for his country. He was only 43 years old. Also in January, we lost another Hoosier: Army 1LT Clayton Cullen, of Bicknell. Clay graduated from North Knox High School in 2011, where he played soccer and served as student body president. After high school, he earned a degree from Indiana Univer-sity and was in the school’s ROTC pro-gram. Clay was 25. He died when the heli-copter he was aboard with another servicemember crashed at the National Training Center at Fort Irwin, CA. Each of these courageous men has left behind family, friends, and loved ones who miss them every day, miss them more tomorrow, and even more the following day. As we pay tribute to these service-members, let us also recognize their families. Our hearts go out to every one of them, not only on Memorial Day but every day. At everything from fam-ily dinners and get-togethers to holi-days, someone is missing their hus-band, their father, their brother or son. There is an empty seat that every heart wishes was filled. While nothing could ever fill the void left by the loss of these servicemem-bers, their legacies live on through their families. The people I speak about represent not only the best of Hoosier values but of America’s values. They serve their country so that we all can be safe, so that we all can be se-cure, so that we all can have our free-dom protected. We grieve for them and we miss them. I join every Hoosier in praying for their friends, family, and fellow servicemembers. On Memorial Day, we will pause to commemorate the extraordinary sac-rifice so many men and women in uni-form from across our State and Nation have made. Every day, in conflict zones across the world, American service-members put themselves in harm’s way. We thank them for their courage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.008 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2895 May 24, 2018 
and bravery, and we remember the pa-triots who lost their lives and exempli-fied the very best of what our country is and can be. One other note, I remember a few years ago when I was driving through Starke County, IN. It was early in the morning on Memorial Day. I drove through the town of Walkerton, IN. It was early in the morning. In the town cemetery there were a couple of dads and moms and their children. They were putting flags on every veteran’s grave who had served our country and devoted their lives to our Nation. That scene that I saw was being duplicated in towns all across my State and all across our country, because the one thing all of us as Americans under-stand—whether we live in Indiana, Philadelphia, or in Ohio—is that there are young men and women from other towns and from other States who lost their lives to protect us, and we are all in it for each other. We are all in it to-gether as Americans. On Memorial Day, please say a pray-er and think about all those who gave us the chance to celebrate our free-doms. May God bless Indiana, and may God bless the United States of America. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, last week, Pope Francis released an unprec-edented document detailing what is wrong with our financial system. That the Pope thought it was that impor-tant to weigh in tells you a lot about where we are as a nation. We have an economy, the Pope noted, that defines success by corporate prof-its and measures time in quarterly earnings reports. That is not how fami-lies think. Washington may think that way, corporate CEOs may think that way, but families mark time in school years, in 30-year mortgages, and in years left to save for retirement. That is why the Pope called our current fi-nancial system ‘‘an inadequate frame-work that excludes the common good.’’ Right now, working families are struggling in this country. The eco-nomic statistics may look rosy, but they mask serious problems that hold too many workers back and prevent en-tire communities from sharing in that growth. The Pope warned last week that ‘‘work itself, together with its dignity, is increasingly at risk of losing its value.’’ Work is increasingly at risk of losing its value. Our economy simply doesn’t value work the way it should. Over the past 40 years, the link be-tween productivity and wage increases has eroded. Profits have gone up, CEO compensation has gone up, worker pro-ductivity has gone up, but wages have been stagnant. Workers simply don’t get the help they should in compensa-tion. Workers simply don’t share in the wealth they create for stockholders and the wealth they create for execu-tives and the wealth they create for CEOs. Wages have ticked up a tiny bit re-cently, but, looking at the long run, they have been largely flat. Think about this: If there are 100 people in the Galleries, if they are average— maybe they are, maybe they aren’t. If there are 100 people in the Galleries, 44 of them can’t afford an emergency ex-pense of $400. Think about that. If they are a $15-an-hour worker and their car breaks down and it costs $600, what do they do? They go to get a payday loan, and we know what happens when they do that. Forty-four percent of Amer-ican adults can’t afford an emergency expense of $400. This is even more troubling: One in four renters in this country spends at least half their income on housing. If one thing goes wrong in their lives—if their child gets sick—they are unlikely to have sick leave or vacation days. So if their child gets sick, they either send their child to school sick or they stay home with their daughter or son and lose a day’s pay. And if they are spend-ing 50 percent of their income on hous-ing, what happens? They are likely to be evicted, likely to be foreclosed on if they own their home and then their lives really spiral down. In light of all that, this Congress thought the best thing to do was pass another giveaway to the big banks be-cause Wall Street hasn’t done enough. This body can’t help itself. They fall all over themselves. The lobbyists going in and out of Leader M
CCON-
NELL ’s office, and the Wall Street lob-byists—the White House increasingly looks like a retreat for Wall Street ex-ecutives. This body just falls all over itself. We always have to help Wall Street. Over the next 7 or 8 years, 80 percent of the tax-cut bill that was passed last year will go to the richest 1 percent of the country, as if they need the help. The giveaway to the big banks the President is going to sign tomorrow comes on the heels of a $1.5 trillion— how much is a trillion? A trillion is 1,000 billion. How much is a billion? A billion is 1,000 million. It was a $1.5 trillion deficit-financed tax cut for mil-lionaires and more likely billionaires who control one political party in this body. It was tax cuts for billionaires and corporations that ship jobs over-seas. Apparently that is just not enough, so this week, the House passed a bill loosening taxpayer protections on big banks that received a combined $239 billion in taxpayer bailouts. Think about that. It weakens stress tests for all large banks. It opens the door to less oversight of foreign megabanks. This bill also eliminates data-gath-ering that guards against mortgage discrimination. We are bringing back redlining. There has been no racial dis-crimination in housing in this country, apparently, so let the banks and let the government that sometimes goes along with the banks get that red pencil—it is done with computers now—and draw around those neighborhoods so that those families—often people of color but not always—can’t get equal access to home mortgages. The Congressional Budget Office, which is the independent, nonpartisan scorekeeper, confirmed that this bill that just passed would increase the likelihood of a big bank failure and a financial crisis and would add $670 mil-lion to the deficit. What problem exactly is this Con-gress trying to solve? One of my favorite quotes is from Abraham Lincoln. He was in the White House, and his staff wanted him to stay there and win the war and free the slaves and preserve the Union. He said: No. I have to go out and get my ‘‘public opinion baths.’’ When I go back to Cleveland, where I live, or when I see my grandkids in Co-lumbus or when I go anywhere else in the State, I go out and listen to people, and I try to get these public opinion baths. Never once have I heard some-body say: You know, Senator, with the problems we have, the first thing we have to do is weaken regulations to help Wall Street. I never hear that. The only people who say that are bankers and a bunch of politicians who are all well compensated, who have very good healthcare paid for by taxpayers, and who do what the banks want them to do. The FDIC—the Federal Deposit In-surance Corporation—released new data this week. Banks increased their profits by 13 percent over the last year. Of those 100 people in the Galleries, how many of them got a 13-percent raise last year? Well, banks increased their already strong profits by another 13 percent. It has happened almost every year this decade, since Congress bailed out the banks 8 years ago. That 13 percent is not even counting the windfall profits they got from the windfall tax bill. When they take the tax bill into account, banks profits went up not 13, not 15, not 20, but 28 percent. The banking sector bought back $77 billion worth of stock last year. Do you know what that means? That is all about raising compensation for the big-gest stockholders and the CEO. The av-erage bank teller in this country makes $26,000 a year. Bank profits are up. CEO compensation is up. They are all doing very well. They got a big tax cut. The average teller makes $26,000. At my high school reunion in Mans-field a couple of years ago, I sat across the table from a woman with whom I graduated. She has worked as a teller in a large, well-known bank for 30 years, and she makes $30,000 a year. She has worked there for 30 years. But the bank CEOs are doing very well— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.010 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2896 May 24, 2018 
millions and millions of dollars in com-pensation. If these banks fail again, it will be those tellers, it will be the middle manager, it will be the millions of other American taxpayers who will be called on to bail them out. That is why we did Wall Street reform—Dodd- Frank—several years ago. We passed a law that created important protections for the financial system, for taxpayers, for homeowners, to hold banks and watchdogs accountable and prevent an-other crisis. Do you know what? The day that bill was signed, the chief Financial Serv-ices—do you know what the chief bank lobbyist in this city did? The day it was signed, he said: ‘‘You know, it is halftime.’’ What does that mean? ‘‘It is half-time’’ means that you might have passed this law that we didn’t like—we, Wall Street—but we are going to fight like hell to weaken the rules to imple-ment the law. And once we get a Re-publican majority and we have a ma-jority leader and, further down the hall, a Speaker of the House who does whatever Wall Street asks them to do, then it will be time to come back and weaken the laws. That is what happened with the elec-tion of this President and the election of the majority leader and the Speaker of the House. It is time to go back to Wall Street and say: How can we help you, sir? It is almost always a sir. Another bank lobbyist, when he talked about these negotiations, said: We don’t want a seat at the table; we want the whole table. Wall Street greed knows no bounds. That is why it is a huge concern that the White House looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives. Special in-terests are getting the whole table. The President is signing the big bank give-away into law. Here is the last point I want to spend a little time on. They are trying to in-stall yet another Wall Street nominee with the troubling record of dismissing the harm Wall Street inflicted on Main Street—Jelena McWilliams, who is list-ed as Ms. McWilliams of Ohio, my State. I would like to support a fellow Ohioan. She hasn’t really lived in Ohio very long. I know she has moved back. But I would still like to support a fel-low Ohioan. She has been nominated to be the Chair of the Federal Deposit In-surance Corporation, but she has never supported the need for strong rules and tough supervision for the banking sys-tem. At her nomination hearing, she de-clined to acknowledge the role that ex-cessive bank borrowing played in caus-ing the 2008 collapse. What are we going to do? On whom are we going to blame the bank collapse, the economy going into the toilet, the fact that mil-lions of Americans lost jobs, millions of Americans had their homes fore-closed on, and billions and billions of dollars were lost from seniors’ retire-ment accounts? We are going to blame that on them? Wall Street, of course, had nothing to do with it. Right now, the Fed is considering a proposal to weaken protections and give a $120 billion windfall to the eight largest banks. Even former Chairs and Vice Chairs of the FDIC appointed by Republicans, two people I admire— Sheila Bair, who used to be chief of staff for Bob Dole, appointed to the FDIC by President Bush and kept by President Obama; and Thomas Hoenig, another Republican from the Kansas City Fed and a Republican regulator— they have opposed this proposal. But Mrs. McWilliams refused to do so. On issue after issue—payday lending at banks, cost-benefit analysis, the Volcker rule—she has shown no inde-pendence from this White House that looks like a retreat for Wall Street ex-ecutives. The FDIC was designed to be inde-pendent and nonpartisan. We don’t need another rubberstamp from Wall Street’s agenda on the FDIC board, particularly when we have no commit-ment to move the nominations for Democratic seats. We need independent thinkers at these agencies who are willing to push back against a big-bank agenda. Last week, Fed Vice Chair Randall Quarles gave a speech saying—just as we predicted—the Federal Reserve wants to loosen rules on foreign megabanks. So it is not just that we are doing favors for Wall Street, but we are doing favors for these multi- decabillion or hundreds of billions of dollars foreign banks. We decided to make it easier on them. Yesterday, former OneWest banker Joseph Otting announced that he wants banks to get into the business of pay-day loans. They have always said they have nothing to do with these payday loans. Well, they do. Otting has other plans to gut the Community Reinvest-ment Act—a 40-year old law that en-sures that banks serve their commu-nities. And we could spend hours de-tailing what Mick Mulvaney is doing to the Consumer Protection Bureau. In closing, I will go back to the Pope’s message. He noted that ‘‘while most of [the financial industry’s] oper-ators are singularly animated by good and right intentions, it is impossible to ignore the fact that the financial in-dustry . . . is a place where selfishness and the abuse of power have an enor-mous potential to harm the commu-nity.’’ A little selfishness, a little abuse can have massive consequences when it comes to the financial system. Fami-lies in Ohio can’t afford that risk. It is our job to protect those families. The Pope said: ‘‘Those entrusted with political authority find it difficult to fulfill to their original vocation as servants of the common good.’’ We should listen a little more to the people we serve, and we should listen a little less to Wall Street. We should break the addiction to Wall Street money. We should break our allegiance to Wall Street interests. That is how we create an economy that values work and create an economy that serves the common good and not corporate special interests. I ask my colleagues to vote against the nomination of Ms. McWilliams. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the votes fol-lowing the first vote in this series be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FISCHER. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Jelena McWilliams to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation? Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. FISCHER). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 69, nays 24, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 109 Ex.] YEAS—69 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.012 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2897 May 24, 2018 
Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—24 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Markey Merkley Murray Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—7 
Cruz Duckworth Flake Hassan Heller McCain Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the nomination of Jelena McWilliams to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation? The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to Luxembourg. Thom Tillis, John Cornyn, Mike Crapo, John Thune, Roy Blunt, Ron Johnson, Cory Gardner, Lindsey Graham, Pat Roberts, Johnny Isakson, John Booz-man, James E. Risch, Todd Young, John Hoeven, Mike Rounds, David Perdue. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Luxembourg, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. RUBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 49, nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 110 Ex.] YEAS—49 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—7 
Cruz Duckworth Flake Hassan Heller McCain Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 49, the nays are 44. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Luxem-bourg. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 1:45 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Nebraska. 
TRIBUTE TO VAUGHAN WEHR  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to my longtime scheduler and dear friend, Vaughan Wehr. After 5
1⁄2years in Washington, Vaughan is returning home to her sprawling, tight-knit family in Omaha. Vaughan started with me as an aide in my legislative office in Lincoln. It was an easy decision to ask her to come to Washington as an original member of my team. She did a good job, she worked hard, and she was a joy to have around. She started out in the Senate, where so many do, answering phones and greeting constituents. That is hard work, but Vaughan always did it with a smile on her face. It didn’t take long for her to take on more responsibility, first as a deputy scheduler and later as a scheduler for nearly 4 years. Throughout that time, Vaughan always did her job with a spe-cial blend of diligence and humor. She has earned a reputation in the Senate as a top scheduler and the life of any party. It is no exaggeration to say that Vaughan has been the beating heart of my office. She has made a mark here by doing her job with love and laughter every single day. My husband, Bruce, and I are very thankful for her service, and most im-portantly, we are thankful for her friendship. She is one of a kind. We wish her the very best as she returns home to Nebraska. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. VENEZUELA  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it was about 5 or 6 weeks ago that I accepted an invitation and an opportunity to visit Caracas, Venezuela. I had never been to that country before and spent 4 days. It turns out that not many Mem-bers of Congress go to this country and very few are given permission if they ask, but for some reason, I was given permission and went down there to meet with the leaders of the govern-ment and to take stock of what was happening in Venezuela. Sadly, I have to report that Ven-ezuela—that proud nation—is teetering on collapse. I met with President Maduro, members of his government, opposition leaders, civic and humani-tarian leaders, medical experts, vic-tims of the regime’s political repres-sion, and an American who is currently jailed on political charges in Caracas. What I found there and recounted on the floor a few weeks ago was a heart-breaking set of overlapping crises—hu-manitarian, economic, and political. While these three inexcusable crises of the government’s making continue, the people of this poor nation are increas-ingly suffering and leaving in despera-tion. It is one of the most desperate situations I have ever seen in a country that is not in the midst of a war. In my discussion with President Maduro, I urged him to help get his country out of the international isolation that it currently faces and put an end to the human suffering by starting with a clean election. Last Sunday, there was an election. It was a farce. I asked him to release political opponents so they could run for office. I asked him to authorize par-ties to field candidates. I asked him to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.006 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2898 May 24, 2018 
create enough time in the election cycle so there could be a real cam-paign. I told him, if he didn’t and went through with his election campaign, it would not be a credible result. We know the Maduro regime was using food, among its starving people, to ma-nipulate votes. The regime had, unfor-tunately, no credible election monitors before or during the vote, and, of course, it rushed the election to get the result it was looking for. I recently joined with Senator M
ENENDEZ of New Jersey. We said, quite simply, that Maduro should have the courage to have an open election, a democratic process. As we arrived at the airport, we noticed the great hero of Venezuela, Hugo Chavez. Hugo Cha-vez won his first election in a demo-cratic manner, and I urged President Maduro to now do the same. I was also direct in saying to him that he had to release the American, Josh Holt, who is being held in prison, in Caracas, on political charges. Why is he being held? It is that he traveled to Venezuela to be with and to marry the woman he loved and to bring her and her two daughters back to his home State of Utah? He crossed the Maduro regime, and in that process, he was ar-rested on charges that are outrageous. He has been held now for almost 2 years without having had a meaningful trial or a resolution of the dispute. As the events of the last few weeks have shown, the obvious path forward for Venezuela has been rejected by the Maduro regime. Instead, it went ahead with last Sunday’s widely discredited election in which his regime jailed or disqualified any meaningful opponent. It was a farce. It will only result in the further isolation and suffering of the Venezuelan people. I know President Maduro is blaming Yankee imperialists for the problems his country is facing or the opposition to his leadership. He need only look to neighboring nations in Central and South America to see that they also reject what he has done politically. Despite stirring video pleas from the prison in which Josh Holt, the Amer-ican, is being held, Maduro’s regime wouldn’t even meet with our top dip-lomat in Caracas. Todd Robinson is the Charge d’Affaires who represents the United States since we are not allowed to have an ambassador in that country. He went to the Foreign Ministry on be-half of Josh Holt when he heard about the prison riot and the danger to this American prisoner who is being held on political charges. Obviously, he got under President Maduro’s skin, and he has now expelled him. The Trump administration has been unequivocal in claiming that the Ven-ezuelan election was a sham and also in imposing new economic sanctions in order to put pressure on the leaders in the Venezuelan Government to change. As I told President Maduro and mem-bers of his government, both parties in America may have their squabbles and differences, but when it comes to Ven-ezuela, we stand together. Republicans and Democrats agree that things need to change dramatically in Venezuela if it wants to enter the family of civilized nations around the world. President Maduro has responded not by reaching out to the opposition and not by showing any true reform but by rejecting every overture. He refuses to release Josh Holt and his Venezuelan wife and daughters to allow them to come to the United States. He still keeps Leopoldo Lopez, a political lead-er in Venezuela, under house arrest. I spoke to Mr. Lopez by phone and met personally with his wife. It is shameful what they are doing to him. By restoring the power of a legiti-mate national assembly, President Maduro would show he is willing to move toward the Constitution which guided his country, but he refuses. He refuses to start a meaningful dialogue with the Lima Group—other nations in the region—that want to work with him toward moving Venezuela to a bet-ter day. He refuses to work with neigh-bors and humanitarian groups that truly want to address the suffering in that country. It was not until the public health briefing I had in Venezuela and a per-sonal visit to a local hospital that it really hit me and hit me hard how bad things are. This is a country—one of the few on Earth—that is not at war but that is currently facing epidemics of measles, diphtheria, and malaria. When you go to Caracas city hos-pitals—not to remote, rural hospitals— and ask them what they need, they tell you vaccines, antibiotics, cancer drugs—the basics. They don’t have them in that country. You can just see on the streets of Ca-racas that the people are starving. They are starving. They don’t have enough food to eat in that country. The inflation is so out of control that peo-ple stand in line for an hour a day to get the maximum withdrawals on their credit cards, in hard currency, because the withdrawals are worth the 60 cents they need for round trip bus fare to their places of work. At 11 o’clock at night, in the darkness, you will see people standing by ATM machines to withdraw wads of currency worth 60 cents so they can board the buses the next morning. The expulsion of our Charge d’Af-faires, Todd Robinson, was really dis-graceful. He was accused of conspiring against the Venezuelan Government. What did he do? He stood up for the American prisoner, Josh Holt. That is all. Todd Robinson is one of the Na-tion’s highly respected diplomats who carries the rank of Ambassador and has served with distinction in some of the most challenging countries in the world. I spoke with him on the phone yesterday. He is disappointed. He knows there is much work to be done in Venezuela to protect innocent peo-ple and to make sure the Americans have a strong presence in order to pro-tect them as well, and now he is being expelled. During my visit to Caracas a few weeks ago, I watched him try to estab-lish a dialogue with the Maduro re-gime. It was next to impossible. A dia-logue requires someone on the other side who will listen and respond in good faith. That was not the case. When I spoke to him—our Charge d’Af-faires, Mr. Robinson—he was packing up and helping the Embassy staff pre-pare for his departure. He will be back in the Washington area over the week-end. I thanked him for his service in Venezuela and for his team that con-tinues to soldier on under some of the most difficult circumstances in the world. Until the Maduro regime stops dis-mantling its country’s democracy and starts to address the true humani-tarian crisis which exists in its coun-try, I will continue to support U.S. and regional measures to put pressure on the Maduro regime to change. I know of no other way to do this that will not bring more suffering and death to the innocent people of Venezuela. This once great nation will not be great again until its leadership understands that the current approach—denying de-mocracy, denying the electoral proc-ess, refusing to have an open dialogue with democratic nations around the world—will only sink them further into the abyss. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
LAW ENFORCEMENT ’S LEGAL PROTECTION  
AGAINST RETALIATION FOR COOPERATING  
WITH CONGRESS  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, as I often have to come to the floor to clear things up, I am back once again. I have been seeing reports—reports that are wrong—that individuals with-in our Federal law enforcement agen-cies who want to talk to Congress about problems they have seen on the job have a fear that if they do that, they could be punished. The reports say these individuals then want to be subpoenaed by congressional commit-tees rather than come forward volun-tarily. There is a perception that with-out a subpoena, they have no legal pro-tection against retaliation for their co-operating with Congress. That is nonsense, and that is a mis-representation that has been fomented by the FBI’s and the Department of Justice’s leadership for many years under both Republican and Democratic administrations. I have worked hard to strengthen legal protections, especially for FBI employees. FBI employees have a right to cooperate with congressional inquiries just as they have a right to cooperate with the inspector general. Anyone who tells these FBI agents anything else is lying. FBI agents and all Federal law enforcement are pro-tected if they want to provide informa-tion to the Congress. That is true whether it is by subpoena or not. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.019 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2899 May 24, 2018 
If that is news to law enforcement people, including the FBI, I would en-courage you to research the law indi-vidually. It is found at title 5, U.S. Code, section 2303. As you will see in the law, nowhere in that language do its protections re-quire a subpoena, nor do they require the approval of an agent’s chain of command or congressional affairs staff approval. Moreover, Federal appropriations law also forbids the use of taxpayers’ dol-lars to pay the salary of any individual who interferes with or attempts to interfere with a Federal employee’s right to communicate directly with Congress. The Government Accountability Of-fice recently found that an Obama Housing and Urban Development con-gressional affairs official did interfere that way in 2013, so paying that salary violated the restrictions Congress had placed on the money. Based on that ruling, Housing and Urban Develop-ment initiated collection efforts to re-cover a portion of the salary paid ille-gally, as a debt owed back to the United States from this executive branch staffer, as a result of inter-fering with somebody’s right to talk to Congress. Congress has the power of the purse, and bureaucrats need to understand that funding for their salaries comes with strings attached. Federal employ-ees cannot be prevented from talking directly to Congress—pretty plain—pe-riod. There can be no interference with any Federal employee talking directly to Congress. I should add that you shouldn’t even try. If unelected bureaucrats have so much contempt for an employee who voluntarily informs the people’s elect-ed representatives of facts necessary to do our constitutional responsibility of oversight, then we still have a lot of work to do. That kind of thinking is dangerous. It leads to irresponsible government, and is totally contrary to law. If that perception is persisting throughout law enforcement, including the FBI or, indeed, throughout govern-ment generally, then the leaders of those agencies are not doing their job. They are failing in their responsibility as leaders, they are failing the work-force, and they are failing the Amer-ican taxpayer. I don’t want anyone out there to be confused. It is pretty simple. If you are a Federal employee and you want to disclose wrongdoing and waste to the Congress or you want to cooperate with a congressional inquiry, you are legally allowed to do so. You should not have to fear retaliation. No FBI agent or other government employee should be afraid to cooperate with Con-gress or with the inspector general. Any FBI agent who has information to provide, or questions about their rights to provide it, should not hesitate to reach out and ask. Contact the com-mittee. Contact the inspector general. There are people there who can tell you more about what protections may apply to your specific situation. It seems to me that if you know something is wrong, you have a patri-otic responsibility to expose it. Trans-parency brings accountability, and what we don’t have enough of in the U.S. Government is accountability. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, what is the pending order at the desk as it relates to the time of the vote? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote is to occur at 1:45 p.m. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, we are considering today the nomination of James ‘‘Randy’’ Evans to be Ambas-sador to Luxembourg. I opposed Mr. Evans’ nomination in committee, and I will again oppose his confirmation on the floor. My concerns with Mr. Evans center around his tenure on the Georgia State Election Board from 2002 to 2010. In March of 2005, Georgia passed a con-troversial new law requiring voters to show a photo ID in order to cast a vote. Despite the fact that both Federal and State judges prohibited the law from going into effect, the Election Board made a decision in 2006 to send a letter to 200,000 voters with the false impression that the law would be in ef-fect for the upcoming election. Appro-priately, this action caused an uproar, and multiple voices accused the Board of defying the injunction in a delib-erate attempt to mislead voters and possibly suppress minority turnout. The board subsequently mailed out a clarification letter, but the damage had already been done. During his confirmation process, Mr. Evans unfortunately presented con-flicting accounts of his involvement in this effort to suppress voter turnout. He first said he could not remember the details of how the letter was sent or who wrote it. However, other board members who served during that time period, as well as summaries of elec-tion board meeting minutes from 2006, clearly reflect that Mr. Evans and the board as a whole appeared to play a central role in drafting and distrib-uting the letters. These conflicting accounts trouble me. The right to express one’s vote at the ballot box is fundamental to our democracy. Throughout our Nation’s history, various actors have sought to systematically deny different groups of people this core right. Those representing the United States abroad must embody and embrace our fundamental democratic values and ideals. I am not convinced that Mr. Evans will do that. One cannot be ad-vocating for democracy and human rights and suppressing votes here at home. I do not think he has dem-onstrated the judgment I would expect from our Ambassadors, and for this reason I will urge my colleagues to re-ject sending Mr. Evans to Luxembourg as the U.S. Ambassador. Because my colleagues are here on the floor, although I have time re-served to speak on North Korea, I will yield, because I think they have an im-portant action to take place. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995 REFORM ACT Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, as in leg-islative session, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of S. 2952. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2952) to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to establish pro-tections against congressional sexual harass-ment and discrimination, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BLUNT. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. BLUNT. I know of no further de-bate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 2952) was passed, as fol-lows: 
S. 2952 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES IN ACT; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES IN ACT.—Except as other-wise expressly provided in this Act, wherever an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to or repeal of a sec-tion or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to that section or other provision of the Congressional Ac-countability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.). (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; references in Act; table of contents. TITLE I—REFORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES Subtitle A—Reform of Procedures for Initiation and Resolution of Claims Sec. 101. Description of procedures available for consideration of alleged vio-lations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.022 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2900 May 24, 2018 
Sec. 102. Reform of process for initiation of procedures. Sec. 103. Availability of mediation during process. Sec. 104. Hearings. Subtitle B—Other Reforms Sec. 111. Requiring Members of Congress to reimburse treasury for damages paid as settlements and awards for certain violations. Sec. 112. Automatic referral to congres-sional ethics committees of dis-position of certain claims alleg-ing violations of Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 in-volving Members of Congress and senior staff. Sec. 113. Availability of option to request re-mote work assignment or paid leave of absence during pend-ency of procedures. Sec. 114. Modification of rules on confiden-tiality of proceedings. Sec. 115. Reimbursement by other employ-ing offices of legislative branch of payments of certain awards and settlements. TITLE II—IMPROVING OPERATIONS OF OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS Sec. 201. Reports on awards and settlements. Sec. 202. Workplace climate surveys of em-ploying offices. Sec. 203. Record retention. Sec. 204. Confidential Advisor. Sec. 205. GAO study of management prac-tices. Sec. 206. GAO audit of cybersecurity. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS REFORMS Sec. 301. Application of Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008. Sec. 302. Extension to unpaid staff of rights and protections against em-ployment discrimination. Sec. 303. Provisions relating to instrumen-talities. Sec. 304. Notices. Sec. 305. Clarification of coverage of em-ployees of Stennis Center and Helsinki and China Commis-sions. Sec. 306. Training and education programs of other employing offices. Sec. 307. Support for out-of-area covered em-ployees. Sec. 308. Renaming Office of Compliance as Office of Congressional Work-place Rights. TITLE IV—EFFECTIVE DATE Sec. 401. Effective date. TITLE I—REFORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES Subtitle A—Reform of Procedures for Initiation and Resolution of Claims 
SEC. 101. DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURES AVAIL-ABLE FOR CONSIDERATION OF AL-LEGED VIOLATIONS. 
(a) P ROCEDURES DESCRIBED .—Section 401 (2 U.S.C. 1401) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 401. PROCEDURE FOR CONSIDERATION OF ALLEGED VIOLATIONS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING OF CLAIMS .—Except as other-wise provided in this Act, the procedure for consideration of an alleged violation of part A of title II consists of— ‘‘(1) notification of intent to file, and filing of, a claim by the covered employee alleging the violation, as provided in section 402, which may be followed, as described in sec-tion 403(a), with mediation under section 403; and ‘‘(2) an election of proceeding, as provided in this section, of— ‘‘(A) a formal hearing as provided in sec-tion 405, subject to Board review as provided in section 406, and judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fed-eral Circuit as provided in section 407; ‘‘(B) a civil action in a district court of the United States as provided in section 408; or ‘‘(C) in the case of a Library claimant (as defined in subsection (d)(1)), a proceeding de-scribed in subsection (d)(2) that relates to the violation at issue. ‘‘(b) ELECTION OF FORMAL HEARING OR CIVIL A
CTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A covered employee who seeks to make— ‘‘(A) the election described in subsection (a)(2)(A) shall file the request for the formal hearing as provided in section 405(a)(1), by the deadline described in paragraph (2); or ‘‘(B) the election described in subsection (a)(2)(B) shall file the civil action as provided in section 408, by the deadline described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) D
EADLINE FOR ELECTION .—The deadline described in this paragraph shall be 90 days after the later of— ‘‘(A) the date on which either party opts out of mediation under section 402(c); or ‘‘(B) the end of the period of mediation under section 403(c). ‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF ELECTION .—If the covered employee— ‘‘(A) elects to file a request for a formal hearing as provided in section 405(a), the pro-cedure for consideration of the claim shall not include a civil action or other proceeding described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of sub-section (a)(2); or ‘‘(B) elects to file a civil action as provided in section 408(a), the procedure for consider-ation of the claim shall not include any for-mal hearing, review, or other proceeding de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (C) of sub-section (a)(2). ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ARCHITECT OF THE  C
APITOL AND CAPITOL POLICE .—In the case of an employee of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol or of the Capitol Police, the Of-fice, after receiving a claim filed under sec-tion 402, may recommend that the employee use, for a specific period of time, the griev-ance procedures of the Architect of the Cap-itol or the Capitol Police for resolution of the employee’s grievance. If the grievance procedures do not resolve the grievance, the employee may resume the procedure de-scribed in subsection (a), starting with sec-tion 403, except that the deadline for opting out of mediation under that section shall be 10 business days after the last day of the grievance procedures. ‘‘(d) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES FOR LIBRARY OF  C
ONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) D
IRECT ACT .—The term ‘direct Act’ means an Act (other than this Act), or provi-sion of the Revised Statutes, that is specified in section 201, 202, or 203. ‘‘(B) D
IRECT PROVISION .—The term ‘direct provision’ means a provision (including a definitional provision) of a direct Act that applies the rights or protections of a direct Act (including rights and protections relat-ing to nonretaliation or noncoercion) to a Library claimant. ‘‘(C) L
IBRARY CLAIMANT .—The term ‘Li-brary claimant’ means, with respect to a di-rect provision, an employee of the Library of Congress who is covered by that direct provi-sion. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INITIALLY  
BROUGHT UNDER THIS ACT .—A Library claim-ant who initially files a claim for an alleged violation as provided in section 402 may, in-stead of proceeding with the claim in accord-ance with sections 403 (if applicable) and 405 or filing a civil action in accordance with section 408, during the period described in subsection (b)(2) but before the Office com-mences a formal hearing under section 405, elect to bring the claim for a proceeding be-fore the corresponding Federal agency, under the corresponding direct provision. ‘‘(3) ELECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INITIALLY  
BROUGHT UNDER OTHER CIVIL RIGHTS OR LABOR  
LAW.—A Library claimant who initially brings a claim, complaint, or charge under a direct provision for a proceeding before a Federal agency may, prior to requesting a hearing under the agency’s procedures, elect to— ‘‘(A) continue with the agency’s procedures and preserve the option (if any) to bring any civil action relating to the claim, complaint, or charge, that is available to the Library claimant; or ‘‘(B) file a claim with the Office under sec-tion 402, make an election under subpara-graph (A) or (B) of section 401(a)(2), and con-tinue with the corresponding procedures of this subtitle. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .—This subsection shall take effect and shall apply as described in section 153(c) of the Legislative Branch Ap-propriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141) (except to the extent such section applies to any violation of section 210 or a provision of an Act specified in section 210). ‘‘(e) R
IGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS TORETAIN PRI-
VATE COUNSEL .—Nothing in this Act may be construed to limit the authority of any par-ticular individual, including a covered em-ployee, the head of an employing office, or an individual who has a right to intervene under section 415(d)(6), to retain private counsel to protect the interests of the par-ticular individual at any point during any of the procedures provided under this Act for the consideration of an alleged violation of part A of title II, including procedures de-scribed in section 415(d)(6). ‘‘(f) S
TANDARDS FOR DESIGNATED REP-
RESENTATIVES OR UNREPRESENTED PARTIES .— ‘‘(1) S
TANDARDS .—Each designated rep-resentative of a party, and unrepresented party, participating in any of the procedures (including proceedings) provided under this Act shall have an obligation to ensure that, to the best of that designated representative or unrepresented party’s knowledge, infor-mation, and belief, as formed after an in-quiry which is reasonable under the cir-cumstances, each of the following is correct: ‘‘(A) No pleading, written motion, or other paper is presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of resolution of the matter. ‘‘(B) The claims, defenses, and other legal contentions the designated representative or unrepresented party advocates are warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argu-ment for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law or for establishing new law. ‘‘(C) The factual contentions have evi-dentiary support or, if specifically so identi-fied, will likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for discovery. ‘‘(D) The denials of factual contentions are warranted on the evidence or, if specifically so identified, are reasonably based on belief or a lack of information. ‘‘(2) S
ANCTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a decisionmaker de-scribed in subparagraph (B) determines that a designated representative of a party, or un-represented party, has failed to comply with the standards specified in paragraph (1), then that decisionmaker may impose appropriate sanctions. ‘‘(B) D
ECISIONMAKER .—A decisionmaker de-scribed in subparagraph (A) is— ‘‘(i) a hearing officer or mediator chosen from the list specified in section 405(c)(2), who is not serving as a hearing officer or me-diator to resolve any claim filed under sec-tion 402 that is associated with— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.010 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2901 May 24, 2018 
‘‘(I) the designated representative or un-represented party; or ‘‘(II) an individual identified in claim.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATING TO  C
IVIL ACTION .—Section 408(a) (2 U.S.C. 1408(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘section 404’’ and inserting ‘‘section 401’’; (2) by striking ‘‘who has completed coun-seling under section 402 and mediation under section 403’’ and inserting ‘‘who filed a time-ly claim under section 402, elected to file a civil action under section 401(a)(2)(B), and made a timely filing under this section as described in section 401(b)’’; and (3) by striking the second sentence. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— Title IV is amended by striking section 404 (2 U.S.C. 1404). (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 404. 
SEC. 102. REFORM OF PROCESS FOR INITIATION OF PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NITIATION OF PROCEDURES .—Section 402 (2 U.S.C. 1402) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 402. INITIATION OF PROCEDURES. 
‘‘(a) I NTAKE OF CLAIM BY OFFICE .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION OF INTENT TO FILE .—To commence a proceeding under this title, a covered employee alleging a violation of law made applicable under part A of title II shall notify the Office of intent to file a claim with the Office. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION .—On receiving a notifica-tion under paragraph (1), the Office shall pro-vide to the covered employee all relevant in-formation with respect to the employee’s and the employing office’s rights under this Act, the process for filing the claim, and the option for the employee to elect, if the em-ployee so chooses, to file a civil action re-garding the alleged violation. The Office shall discuss the information and covered employee’s claim with the covered employee. The Office shall initiate the procedures de-scribed in this paragraph on the date of the notification. ‘‘(3) F
ILING .—Upon providing the notifica-tion described in paragraph (1), and not later than the expiration of the 180-day period in subsection (e), the covered employee may file the claim. The claim shall be made in writing under oath or affirmation, shall de-scribe the facts that form the basis of the claim and the violation that is being alleged, shall identify the employing office alleged to have committed the violation or in which the violation is alleged to have occurred, and shall be in such form as the Office requires. ‘‘(b) I
NITIAL PROCESSING OF CLAIM.—Upon the filing of a claim by a covered employee under subsection (a), the Office shall take such steps as may be necessary for the ini-tial intake and recording of the claim and shall transmit a copy of the claim to the head of the employing office not later than 3 business days after the date on which the claim is filed. ‘‘(c) M
EDIATION .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION OF RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF  
MEDIATION .— ‘‘(A) C
OVERED EMPLOYEE .—Upon receipt of a claim, the Office shall notify the covered employee about the process for mediation under section 403, the right to opt out of the mediation, and the deadline for opting out of the mediation. ‘‘(B) E
MPLOYING OFFICE .—Upon trans-mission to the employing office of the claim pursuant to subsection (b), the Office shall notify the employing office about the proc-ess for mediation under section 403, the right to opt out of the mediation, and the deadline for opting out of the mediation. ‘‘(2) D
EADLINE TO OPT OUT OF MEDIATION .— Either party may opt out of the mediation. The deadline for opting out shall be 10 busi-ness days after the date on which the claim that would be the subject of the mediation is filed. ‘‘(d) USE OF ELECTRONIC REPORTING AND  T
RACKING SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT AND OPERATION OF SYS -
TEM.—The Office shall establish and operate an electronic reporting and tracking system through which a covered employee may ini-tiate a proceeding under this title, and which will keep an electronic record of the date and time at which the proceeding is initiated and will track all subsequent actions or pro-ceedings occurring with respect to the pro-ceeding under this title. ‘‘(2) A
CCESSIBILITY TO ALL PARTIES .—The system shall be accessible to all parties to such actions or proceedings, but only until the completion of such actions or pro-ceedings. ‘‘(3) A
SSESSMENT OF EFFECTIVENESS OF PRO -
CEDURES .—The Office shall use the informa-tion contained in the system to make reg-ular assessments of the effectiveness of the procedures under this title in providing for the timely resolution of claims, and shall submit semiannual reports on such assess-ments each year to the Committee on House Administration and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate. ‘‘(e) D
EADLINE .—A covered employee may not file a claim under this section with re-spect to an allegation of a violation of law after the expiration of the 180-day period which begins on the date of the alleged viola-tion. The Office shall not accept a claim that does not meet the requirements of this sub-section. ‘‘(f) N
OEFFECT ON ABILITY OF COVERED EM-
PLOYEE TOSEEKINFORMATION FROM OFFICE  
ORPURSUE RELIEF .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the ability of a covered employee— ‘‘(1) to contact the Office or any other ap-propriate office prior to filing a claim under this title to seek information regarding the employee’s rights under this Act and the procedures available under this Act; or ‘‘(2) in the case of a covered employee of an employing office described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of section 101(9), to refer infor-mation regarding an alleged violation of part A of title II to the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives or the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate (as the case may be).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by amending the item relating to section 402 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 402. Initiation of procedures.’’. 
SEC. 103. AVAILABILITY OF MEDIATION DURING PROCESS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF MEDIATION .—Section 403(a) (2 U.S.C. 1403(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
VAILABILITY OF MEDIATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Unless the covered em-ployee who filed a claim under section 402 or the employing office named in the claim opts out of mediation by the deadline described in section 402(c)(2), the Office shall promptly assign a mediator to the claim, and conduct such mediation under this section. ‘‘(2) I
MPACT OF DECISION .—A decision by a party to engage in or opt out of mediation as provided in this Act shall not be used for or against the party in any proceeding under this Act.’’. (b) R
EQUIRING PARTIES TOBESEPARATED  D
URING MEDIATION AT REQUEST OF EM-
PLOYEE .—Section 403(b)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1403(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘meetings with the parties separately or jointly’’ and inserting ‘‘meetings with the parties during which, at the request of the covered employee, the par-ties shall be separated,’’. (c) PERIOD OF MEDIATION .—Section 403(c) (2 U.S.C. 1403(c)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘be-ginning on the date the request for medi-ation is received’’ and inserting ‘‘beginning on the first day after the deadline described in section 402(c)(2)’’; and (2) by striking the second sentence and in-serting ‘‘The mediation period may be ex-tended for one additional period of 30 days at the joint request of the covered employee and employing office.’’. 
SEC. 104. HEARINGS. 
(a) H EARINGS COMMENCED BY OFFICE OF  C
ONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS .—Section 405 (2 U.S.C. 1405) is amended as follows: (1) In the heading, by striking ‘‘
COMPLAINT  
AND’’. (2) By amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT FOR HEARINGS TOCOM-
MENCE IN OFFICE .— ‘‘(1) H
EARING REQUIRED UPON REQUEST .—If a covered employee elects to file a request for a hearing under this section by the deadline described in paragraph (2), the Executive Di-rector shall appoint an independent hearing officer pursuant to subsection (c) to consider the claim and render a decision, and a hear-ing shall be commenced in the Office. ‘‘(2) D
EADLINE FOR REQUESTING HEARING .— The deadline described in this paragraph shall be 90 days after the later of— ‘‘(A) the date on which either party opts out of mediation under section 402(c); or ‘‘(B) the end of the period of mediation under section 403(c). ‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF FILING CIVIL ACTION .—Not- withstanding paragraph (1), if the covered employee files a civil action as provided in section 408 with respect to a complaint, the provisions of section 401(b)(3)(B) shall apply with regard to a hearing under this sec-tion.’’. (3) In subsection (b), by striking ‘‘dismiss any claim’’ and inserting ‘‘dismiss any cause of action within a claim’’. (4) In subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Upon the filing of a complaint’’ and inserting ‘‘Upon receipt of a request for a hearing in accordance with subsection (a)’’. (5) In subsection (d), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘claim’’. (6) In subsection (g), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘claim’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL TIME TO COMMENCE A HEAR-
ING BEFORE A HEARING OFFICER .—Section 405(d) (2 U.S.C. 1405(d)), as amended by sub-section (a), is further amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) commenced no later than 90 days after the Executive Director receives a request filed under subsection (a), except that, upon mutual agreement of the parties or for good cause, the Office shall extend the time for commencing a hearing for not more than an additional 30 days; and’’. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of section 414 (2 U.S.C. 1414) is amended by striking ‘‘
OF COMPLAINTS ’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents, as amended by section 101(d), is further amended as follows: (1) By amending the item relating to sec-tion 405 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 405. Hearing.’’. (2) By amending the item relating to sec-tion 414 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 414. Settlement.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.010 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2902 May 24, 2018 
Subtitle B—Other Reforms 
SEC. 111. REQUIRING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS TO REIMBURSE TREASURY FOR DAMAGES PAID AS SETTLEMENTS AND AWARDS FOR CERTAIN VIOLA-TIONS. 
(a) M ANDATING REIMBURSEMENT OF  A
MOUNTS PAID.—Section 415 (2 U.S.C. 1415) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY MEMBERS OF CON-
GRESS FOR DAMAGES PAID AS SETTLEMENTS  
ANDAWARDS .— ‘‘(1) R
EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED FOR CERTAIN  
VIOLATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a payment is made from the account described in subsection (a) for an award or settlement in connection with a claim alleging a violation described in subparagraph (D) perpetrated directly against a covered employee by an individual who, at the time of committing the viola-tion, was a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives (including a Delegate or Resi-dent Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, that individual who committed the violation shall reimburse the account for the amount of compensatory damages included in the award or settlement attributable to that violation. ‘‘(B) S
EPARATE FINDING REQUIRED IN CASE  
OF AWARD OR SETTLEMENT .—Personal liabil-ity or a reimbursement requirement may not be imposed on an individual under this sub-section unless the hearing officer, the court, or the corresponding committee described in section 416(e)(1) (as the case may be) makes a finding, separate from the finding on the underlying claim, that the individual per-petrated a violation requiring reimburse-ment under this subsection. ‘‘(C) M
ULTIPLE CLAIMS .—If an award or set-tlement is made for multiple claims, some of which do not require reimbursement under this subsection, the Member or Senator shall only be required to reimburse for the amount of compensatory damages included in the portion of the award or settlement attrib-utable to a claim requiring reimbursement. ‘‘(D) V
IOLATION DESCRIBED .—A violation de-scribed in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) unwelcome harassment by an indi-vidual described in subparagraph (A) on any basis protected by section 201(a) or 206(a) that has the purpose or effect of unreason-ably interfering, and is sufficiently severe or pervasive to unreasonably interfere, with a covered employee’s work performance or cre-ate an intimidating, hostile, or offensive working environment; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a violation of section 201(a) on the basis of sex, conduct by an indi-vidual described in subparagraph (A) that is an unwelcome sexual advance or request for sexual favors, when— ‘‘(I) submission to such conduct is made ei-ther explicitly or implicitly a term or condi-tion of the covered employee’s employment; or ‘‘(II) submission to or rejection of such conduct by the employee is used as the basis for an employment decision affecting such employee. ‘‘(2) W
ITHHOLDING AMOUNTS FROM COM -
PENSATION .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT OF TIMETABLE AND  
PROCEDURES BY COMMITTEES .—For purposes of carrying out subparagraph (B), the appli-cable Committee shall establish a timetable and procedures for the withholding of amounts from the compensation of an indi-vidual who is a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives or a Senator. ‘‘(B) D
EADLINE .—The payroll administrator shall withhold from an individual’s com-pensation and transfer to the account de-scribed in subsection (a) (after transferring to the account of the individual in the Thrift Savings Fund any amount that the indi-vidual had requested to be so transferred) such amounts as may be necessary to reim-burse the account described in subsection (a) for the reimbursable portion of the award or settlement described in paragraph (1) if the individual has not reimbursed the account as required under paragraph (1) prior to the ex-piration of the 90-day period which begins on the date a payment is made from the ac-count for such an award or settlement. ‘‘(C) APPLICABLE COMMITTEE DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the ‘applicable Committee’ means— ‘‘(i) the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives, in the case of an individual who, at the time of the withholding, is a Member of the House; or ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration of the Senate, in the case of an indi-vidual who, at the time of the withholding, is a Senator. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE WAGE GARNISHMENT OR  
OTHER COLLECTION OF WAGES FROM A SUBSE -
QUENT POSITION .— ‘‘(A) I
NDIVIDUAL SUBJECT TO GARNISHMENT  
OR OTHER COLLECTION .—Subparagraph (B) shall apply to an individual who is subject to the reimbursement requirement of this sub-section if, by the expiration of the 180-day period that begins on the date a payment is made from the account described in sub-section (a) relating to an award or settle-ment described in paragraph (1), the indi-vidual— ‘‘(i) has not reimbursed the account for the entire reimbursable portion as required under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) is not employed as a Member of the House of Representatives or a Senator but is employed in a subsequent non-Federal posi-tion. ‘‘(B) G
ARNISHMENT OR OTHER COLLECTION OF  
WAGES .—On the expiration of that 180-day pe-riod, the amount of the reimbursable portion of an award or settlement described in para-graph (1) (reduced by any amount the indi-vidual has reimbursed, taking into account any amounts withheld under paragraph (2)) shall be treated as a delinquent nontax debt and transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury for collection. Upon that transfer, the Secretary of the Treasury shall collect the debt, in accordance with section 3711 of title 31, United States Code, including by ad-ministrative wage garnishment of the wages of the individual described in subparagraph (A) from the position described in subpara-graph (A)(ii). The Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer the collected amount to the account described in subsection (a). ‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION TO OFFICE OF PERSONNEL  
MANAGEMENT AND SECRETARY OF THE TREAS -
URY.—If the individual does not obtain em-ployment in a subsequent position referred to in paragraph (3)(A)(ii), not later than 90 days after the individual is first no longer re-ceiving compensation as a Member or a Sen-ator, the amounts withheld or collected under this subsection have not been suffi-cient to reimburse the account described in subsection (a) for the reimbursable portion of the award or settlement described in para-graph (1), the payroll administrator— ‘‘(A) shall notify the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, who shall take such actions as the Director considers appro-priate to withhold from any annuity payable to the individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code, and transfer to the account described in subsection (a), such amounts as may be necessary to reim-burse the account for the reimbursable por-tion of an award or settlement described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) shall notify the Secretary of the Treasury, who (if necessary), notwith-standing section 207 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 407), shall take such actions as the Secretary of the Treasury considers ap-propriate to withhold from any payment to the individual under title II of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) and transfer to the account described in subsection (a), such amounts as may be necessary to reim-burse the account for the reimbursable por-tion of an award or settlement described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) COORDINATION BETWEEN OPM AND  
TREASURY .—The Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Secretary of the Treasury shall carry out paragraph (4) in a manner that ensures the coordination of the withholding and transferring of amounts under such paragraph, in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Director and the Secretary. ‘‘(6) R
IGHT TO INTERVENE .—An individual who is subject to the reimbursement require-ment of this subsection shall have the un-conditional right to intervene in any medi-ation, hearing, or civil action under this title to protect the interests of the indi-vidual in the determination of whether an award or settlement described in paragraph (1) should be made, and the amount of any such award or settlement, except that noth-ing in this paragraph may be construed to require the covered employee who filed the claim to be deposed by counsel for the indi-vidual in a deposition that is separate from any other deposition taken from the em-ployee in connection with the hearing or civil action. ‘‘(7) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the term ‘payroll administrator’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of an individual who is a Member of the House of Representatives, the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives, or an employee of the Of-fice of the Chief Administrative Officer who is designated by the Chief Administrative Of-ficer to carry out this subsection; or ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is a Senator, the Secretary of the Senate, or an employee of the Office of the Secretary of the Senate who is designated by the Sec-retary to carry out this subsection.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to claims made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 112. AUTOMATIC REFERRAL TO CONGRES-SIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEES OF DISPOSITION OF CERTAIN CLAIMS ALLEGING VIOLATIONS OF CON-GRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995 INVOLVING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS AND SENIOR STAFF. 
Section 416(e) (2 U.S.C. 1416(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) A
UTOMATIC REFERRALS TO CONGRES -
SIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEES OF DISPOSITIONS  
OFCLAIMS INVOLVING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS  
ANDSENIOR STAFF .— ‘‘(1) R
EFERRAL .—Upon the final disposition under this title (as described in paragraph (6)) of a claim alleging a violation of section 201(a) or 206(a) that is perpetrated directly against a covered employee by a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, or by a senior staffer of an employing office described in subpara-graph (A) or (B) of section 101(9), the Execu-tive Director shall refer the claim to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives, in the case of a Member or senior staffer of the House (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress); or ‘‘(B) the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate, in the case of a Senator or senior staffer of the Senate. ‘‘(2) A
CCESS TO RECORDS AND INFORMA -
TION.—If the Executive Director refers a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.010 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2903 May 24, 2018 
claim to a Committee under paragraph (1), the Executive Director shall provide the Committee with access to the settlement documents in the case of a settlement and findings by the hearing officer involved in the case of an award under this title. ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW BY CONGRESSIONAL ETHICS COM -
MITTEES OF SETTLEMENTS OF CERTAIN  
CLAIMS .—After the receipt of a settlement agreement for a claim that includes an alle-gation of a violation of section 201(a) or 206(a) that is perpetrated directly against a covered employee as described in section 415(d)(1)(D) by a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives (including a Delegate or a Resi-dent Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, the corresponding committee de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 90 days after that re-ceipt, review the settlement agreement; ‘‘(B) determine whether an investigation of the claim is warranted; and ‘‘(C) if the committee determines, after the investigation, that the claim that resulted in the settlement involved an actual violation of section 201(a) or 206(a) perpetrated di-rectly against a covered employee as de-scribed in section 415(d)(1)(D) by the Member or Senator, then the committee shall notify the Executive Director to request the reim-bursement described in section 415(d) and in-clude the settlement in the report required by section 301(l). ‘‘(4) P
ROTECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFI -
ABLE INFORMATION .—If a Committee to which a claim is referred under paragraph (1) issues a report with respect to the claim, the Com-mittee shall ensure that the report does not directly disclose the identity or position of the individual who filed the claim. ‘‘(5) A
UTHORITY TO PROTECT IDENTITY OF A  
CLAIMANT .— ‘‘(A) R
EDACTIONS .—If a Committee issues a report as described in paragraph (4), the Committee may, in accordance with sub-paragraph (B), make an appropriate redac-tion to the information or data included in the report if the Committee and the appro-priate decisionmakers described in subpara-graph (B) determine that including the infor-mation or data considered for redaction may lead to the unintentional disclosure of the identity or position of a claimant. The re-port including any such redaction shall note each redaction and include a statement that the redaction was made solely for the pur-pose of avoiding such an unintentional dis-closure of the identity or position of a claim-ant. ‘‘(B) A
GREEMENT ON REDACTIONS .—The Committee shall make a redaction under subparagraph (A) only if agreement is reached on the precise information or data to be redacted by— ‘‘(i) the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives, in the case of a report con-cerning a Member of the House of Represent-atives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a senior staffer who is an employee of the House of Representatives; or ‘‘(ii) the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Select Committee on Ethics of the Sen-ate, in the case of a report concerning a Sen-ator or senior staffer who is an employee of the Senate. ‘‘(C) R
ETENTION OF UNREDACTED REPORTS .— Each committee described in subparagraph (B) shall retain a copy of the report, without redactions. ‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) F
INAL DISPOSITION .—The ‘final disposi-tion’ of a claim means the following: ‘‘(i) An agreement to pay a settlement, in-cluding an agreement reached pursuant to mediation under section 403. ‘‘(ii) An order to pay an award that is final and not subject to appeal. ‘‘(B) SENIOR STAFFER .—The term ‘senior staffer’ means any individual who, at the time a violation occurred, was required to file a report under title I of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.).’’. 
SEC. 113. AVAILABILITY OF OPTION TO REQUEST REMOTE WORK ASSIGNMENT OR PAID LEAVE OF ABSENCE DURING PENDENCY OF PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 417. OPTION TO REQUEST REMOTE WORK ASSIGNMENT OR PAID LEAVE OF AB-SENCE DURING PENDENCY OF PRO-CEDURES. 
‘‘(a) O PTIONS FOR EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(1) R
EMOTE WORK ASSIGNMENT .—At the re-quest of a covered employee who files a claim alleging a violation of part A of title II by the covered employee’s employing of-fice, during the pendency of any of the proce-dures available under this title for consider-ation of the claim, the employing office may permit the covered employee to carry out the employee’s responsibilities from a re-mote location (referred to in this section as ‘permitting a remote work assignment’) where such relocation would have the effect of materially reducing interactions between the covered employee and any person alleged to have committed the violation, instead of from a location of the employing office. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR WORK ASSIGNMENTS RE -
QUIRED TO BE CARRIED OUT ONSITE .—If, in the determination of the covered employee’s em-ploying office, a covered employee who makes a request under this subsection can-not carry out the employee’s responsibilities from a remote location or such relocation would not have the effect described in para-graph (1), the employing office may during the pendency of the procedures described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) grant a paid leave of absence to the covered employee; ‘‘(B) permit a remote work assignment and grant a paid leave of absence to the covered employee; or ‘‘(C) make another workplace adjustment, or permit a remote work assignment, that would have the effect of reducing inter-actions between the covered employee and any person alleged to have committed the violation described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) E
NSURING NO RETALIATION .—An em- ploying office may not grant a covered em-ployee’s request under this subsection in a manner which would constitute a violation of section 207. ‘‘(4) N
O IMPACT ON VACATION OR PERSONAL  
LEAVE .—In granting leave for a paid leave of absence under this section, an employing of-fice shall not require the covered employee to substitute, for that leave, any of the ac-crued paid vacation or personal leave of the covered employee. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR ARRANGEMENTS SUB-
JECT TO COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE -
MENTS .—Subsection (a) does not apply to the extent that it is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of any collective bargaining agreement which is in effect with respect to an employing office.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to tile IV the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 417. Option to request remote work as-signment or paid leave of ab-sence during pendency of proce-dures.’’. 
SEC. 114. MODIFICATION OF RULES ON CON-FIDENTIALITY OF PROCEEDINGS. 
(a) M EDIATION .—Section 416(b) (2 U.S.C. 1416(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘All medi-ation’’ and inserting ‘‘All information dis-cussed or disclosed in the course of any me-diation’’. (b) CLAIMS .—Section 416 (2 U.S.C. 1416), as amended by section 112, is further amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) through (f) as subsections (a) through (e), re-spectively; (3) in subsection (b), as redesignated by paragraph (2) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsections (d), (e), and (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (c), (d), and (e)’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) C
LAIMS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to prohibit a covered employee from disclosing the factual allegations sup-porting the covered employee’s claim, or to prohibit an employing office from disclosing the factual allegations supporting the em-ploying office’s defense to the claim, in the course of any proceeding under this title.’’. 
SEC. 115. REIMBURSEMENT BY OTHER EMPLOY-ING OFFICES OF LEGISLATIVE BRANCH OF PAYMENTS OF CERTAIN AWARDS AND SETTLEMENTS. 
(a) R EQUIRING REIMBURSEMENT .—Section 415 (2 U.S.C. 1415), as amended by section 111, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY EMPLOYING OF-
FICES .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION OF PAYMENTS MADE FROM  
ACCOUNT .—As soon as practicable after the Executive Director is made aware that a payment of an award or settlement under this Act has been made from the account de-scribed in subsection (a) in connection with a claim alleging a violation described in sec-tion 201(a) or 206(a) by an employing office (other than an employing office described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of section 101(9)), the Executive Director shall notify the head of the employing office associated with the claim that the payment has been made, and shall include in the notification a statement of the amount of the payment. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY OFFICE .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a notification from the Executive Director under paragraph (1), the head of the employing office involved shall transfer to the account described in subsection (a), out of any funds available for operating expenses of the office, a payment equal to the amount specified in the notifi-cation. ‘‘(3) T
IMETABLE AND PROCEDURES FOR REIM -
BURSEMENT .—The head of an employing of-fice shall transfer a payment under para-graph (2) in accordance with such timetable and procedures as may be established under regulations promulgated by the Office.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to payments made under section 415 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1415) for an award or settlement for a claim that is filed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE II—IMPROVING OPERATIONS OF OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS 
SEC. 201. REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SETTLE-MENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SET-
TLEMENTS .— (1) R
EQUIRING SUBMISSION AND PUBLICATION  
OF REPORTS .—Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381) is amended— (A) in subsection (h)(3), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘claim’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SET-
TLEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the beginning of each calendar year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.010 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2904 May 24, 2018 
the Office shall submit to Congress and pub-lish on the Office’s public website a report listing each award that is the result of a vio-lation of part A of title II or settlement that is attributable to a finding described in sec-tion 415(d)(1)(B) and that was paid during the previous calendar year from the account de-scribed in section 415(a). The report shall in-clude information on the employing office involved, the amount of the award or settle-ment, the provision that was the subject of the claim, and (in the case of an award or settlement resulting from a finding de-scribed in section 415(d)(1)(B)), whether the Member or former Member is in compliance with the requirement of section 415(d) to re-imburse the account for the reimbursable portion of the award or settlement. ‘‘(2) P
ROTECTION OF IDENTITY OF INDIVID -
UALS RECEIVING AWARDS AND SETTLEMENTS .— In preparing and submitting the reports re-quired under paragraph (1), the Office shall ensure that the identity or position of any claimant is not disclosed. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORITY TO PROTECT THE IDENTITY  
OF A CLAIMANT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out para-graph (2), the Executive Director may make an appropriate redaction to the data in-cluded in the report described in paragraph (1) if the Executive Director determines that including the data considered for redaction may lead to the identity or position of a claimant unintentionally being disclosed. The report shall note each redaction and in-clude a statement that the redaction was made solely for the purpose of avoiding such an unintentional disclosure of the identity or position of a claimant. ‘‘(B) R
ECORDKEEPING .—The Executive Di-rector shall retain a copy of the report de-scribed in subparagraph (A), without redactions. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘claimant’ means an individual who re-ceived an award or settlement, or who made an allegation of a violation against an em-ploying office.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall apply with re-spect to 2018 and each succeeding year. (b) R
EPORT ON AMOUNTS PREVIOUSLY  P
AID.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights shall submit to Congress and make available to the public on the Office’s public website a report on all payments made with public funds prior to the date of the enactment of this Act for awards and settlements in con-nection with violations of section 201(a) of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1311(a)), or section 207 of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1317) and shall include in the report the following information: (A) The amount paid for each such award or settlement. (B) The source of the public funds used for the award or settlement, without regard to whether the funds were paid from the ac-count described in section 415(a) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1415(a)), an account of the House of Representatives or Senate, or any other ac-count of the Federal Government. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING IDEN -
TIFICATION OF HOUSE AND SENATE ACCOUNTS .— Nothing in paragraph (1)(B) may be con-strued to require or permit the Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights to report the account of any specific office of the House of Representatives or Senate as the source of funds used for an award or settlement. 
SEC. 202. WORKPLACE CLIMATE SURVEYS OF EM-PLOYING OFFICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING SURVEYS .—Title III (2 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 307. WORKPLACE CLIMATE SURVEYS OF EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT TOCONDUCT SURVEYS .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section, and every 2 years thereafter, the Office shall conduct a survey of employees of employing offices described in subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (E) of sec-tion 101(9), regarding the workplace environ-ment of such office. The Office shall make the survey available (which may include making the survey available electronically) to all such employees. Employee responses to the survey shall be voluntary. ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL INCLUSION OF INFORMATION ON  S
EXUAL HARASSMENT AND DISCRIMINATION .— In each survey conducted under this section, the Office shall survey respondents on atti-tudes regarding sexual harassment and dis-crimination. ‘‘(c) M
ETHODOLOGY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office shall conduct each survey under this section in accordance with methodologies established by the Of-fice. ‘‘(2) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Under the meth-odologies established under paragraph (1), all responses to all portions of the survey shall be anonymous and confidential, and each re-spondent shall be told throughout the survey that all responses shall be anonymous and confidential. ‘‘(3) S
URVEY FORM .—The Office shall not in-clude any code or information on the survey form that makes a respondent to the survey, or the respondent’s employing office, indi-vidually identifiable. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF RESULTS OF SURVEYS .—The Of- fice shall furnish the information obtained from the surveys conducted under this sec-tion to the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Committee on Rules and Administration, of the Senate. ‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION WITHCOMMITTEES .—The Office shall carry out this section, including establishment of methodologies and proce-dures under subsection (c), in consultation with the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Committee on Rules and Administration, of the Senate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title III the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 307. Workplace climate surveys of em-ploying offices.’’. 
SEC. 203. RECORD RETENTION. 
Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381), as amended by section 201(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) R
ECORD RETENTION .—Not later than 180 days following the date of enactment of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act, the Office, in consultation with the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration of the Senate, shall create a program to be enforced by the Office for the proper and timely dis-position of confidential documents and data created or obtained by mediators or hearing officers in connection with their service in confidential proceedings under this Act.’’. 
SEC. 204. CONFIDENTIAL ADVISOR. 
Section 302 (2 U.S.C. 1382) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) through (f) as subsections (e) through (g), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIAL ADVISOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Executive Director shall— ‘‘(A) appoint, and fix the compensation of, and may remove, a Confidential Advisor; or ‘‘(B) designate an employee of the Office to serve as a Confidential Advisor. ‘‘(2) DUTIES .— ‘‘(A) V
OLUNTARY SERVICES .—The Confiden-tial Advisor shall offer to provide to covered employees described in paragraph (4) the services described in subparagraph (B), which a covered employee may accept or de-cline. ‘‘(B) S
ERVICES .—The services referred to in subparagraph (A) are— ‘‘(i) informing, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who has experienced a practice that may be a viola-tion of part A of title II about the employ-ee’s rights under this Act; ‘‘(ii) consulting, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, with a covered employee who has experienced a practice that may be a vio-lation of part A of title II regarding— ‘‘(I) the roles, responsibilities, and author-ity of the Office; and ‘‘(II) the relative merits of securing private counsel, designating a non-attorney rep-resentative, or proceeding without represen-tation during proceedings before the Office; ‘‘(iii) assisting, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who seeks consideration under title IV of an alle-gation of a violation of part A of title II in understanding the procedures, and the sig-nificance of the procedures, described in that title IV; and ‘‘(iv) informing, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who has experienced a practice that may be a viola-tion of part A of title II about the option of pursuing, in appropriate circumstances, a complaint with the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives or the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Confidential Ad-visor shall be a lawyer who— ‘‘(A) is admitted to practice before, and is in good standing with, the bar of a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, or a territory of the United States; and ‘‘(B) has experience representing clients in cases involving the workplace laws incor-porated by part A of title II. ‘‘(4) I
NDIVIDUALS COVERED .—The services described in paragraph (2) are available to any covered employee (which, for purposes of this subsection, shall include any staff mem-ber described in section 201(d) and any former covered employee (including any former staff member described in that sec-tion)), except that— ‘‘(A) a former covered employee may only request such services if the practice that may be a violation of part A of title II oc-curred during the employment or service of the employee; and ‘‘(B) a covered employee described in this paragraph may only request such services before the expiration of the 180-day period described in section 402(e). ‘‘(5) R
ESTRICTIONS .—The Confidential Advi-sor— ‘‘(A) shall not provide legal advice to, or act as the designated representative for, any covered employee in connection with the covered employee’s participation in any pro-ceeding, including any proceeding under this Act, any judicial proceeding, or any pro-ceeding before any committee of Congress; and ‘‘(B) shall not serve as a mediator in any mediation conducted pursuant to section 403.’’. 
SEC. 205. GAO STUDY OF MANAGEMENT PRAC-TICES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the management practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.010 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2905 May 24, 2018 
(b) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the study conducted under sub-section (a), and shall include in the report such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate for improve-ments to the management practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. 
SEC. 206. GAO AUDIT OF CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of the cybersecurity systems and practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the audit conducted under subsection (a), and shall include in the report such rec-ommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate for improvements to the cybersecurity systems and practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS REFORMS 
SEC. 301. APPLICATION OF GENETIC INFORMA-TION NONDISCRIMINATION ACT OF 2008. 
Section 102 (2 U.S.C. 1302) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) G
ENETIC INFORMATION NONDISCRIMINA -
TION ACT OF 2008.—The provisions of this Act that apply to a violation of section 201(a)(1) shall be considered to apply to a violation of title II of the Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.), consistent with section 207(c) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 2000ff–6(c)).’’. 
SEC. 302. EXTENSION TO UNPAID STAFF OF RIGHTS AND PROTECTIONS AGAINST EMPLOYMENT DISCRIMINATION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 201(d) (2 U.S.C. 1311(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION TO UNPAID STAFF .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsections (a) and (b) and section 207 shall apply with respect to any staff member of an employing office who carries out official duties of the employing office but who is not paid by the employing office for carrying out such duties, including an intern, an individual detailed to an em-ploying office, and an individual partici-pating in a fellowship program, in the same manner and to the same extent as such sub-sections and section apply with respect to a covered employee. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) may be construed to extend li-ability for a violation of subsection (a) or section 207 to an employing office on the basis of an action taken by any person who is not under the supervision or control of the employing office. ‘‘(3) I
NTERN DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘intern’ means an indi-vidual who performs service for an employ-ing office which is uncompensated by the United States, who obtains an educational benefit, such as by earning credit awarded by an educational institution or learning a trade or occupation, and who is appointed on a temporary basis.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION RELATING TO OF-
FICE RESPONSIBLE FOR DISBURSEMENT OF PAY 
TOHOUSE EMPLOYEES .—Section 101(7) (2 U.S.C. 1301(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘dis-bursed by the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives’’ and inserting ‘‘disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives’’. 
SEC. 303. PROVISIONS RELATING TO INSTRUMEN-TALITIES. 
(a) R EFERENCES TO FORMER OFFICE OF  T
ECHNOLOGY ASSESSMENT .— (1) P
UBLIC SERVICES AND ACCOMMODATIONS  
PROVISIONS .—Section 210(a) (2 U.S.C. 1331(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (9), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by striking paragraph (10); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (11) as para-graph (10). (2) OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH PRO -
VISIONS .—Section 215(e)(1) (2 U.S.C. 1341(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Office of Tech-nology Assessment,’’. (3) L
ABOR -MANAGEMENT PROVISIONS .—Sec- tion 220(e)(2)(G) (2 U.S.C. 1351(e)(2)(G)) is amended by striking ‘‘, the Office of Tech-nology Assessment,’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO LOC C OV-
ERAGE OF LIBRARY VISITORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 210 (2 U.S.C. 1331) is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (i); and (B) by inserting after subsection (g) the following: ‘‘(h) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES RELATING TO  R
IGHTS TO PUBLIC SERVICES AND ACCOMMODA -
TIONS FOR LIBRARY VISITORS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF LIBRARY VISITOR .—In this subsection, the term ‘Library visitor’ means an individual who is eligible to bring a claim for a violation under title II or III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (other than a violation for which the exclu-sive remedy is under section 201) against the Library of Congress. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A Library visitor who alleges a violation of subsection (b) by the Library of Congress may, subject to subpara-graph (B)— ‘‘(i) file a charge against the Library of Congress under subsection (d); or ‘‘(ii) use the remedies and procedures set forth in section 717 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–16), as provided under section 510 (other than paragraph (5)) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12209). ‘‘(B) T
IMING .—A Library visitor that has initiated proceedings under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) may elect to change and initiate a proceeding under the other clause— ‘‘(i) in the case of a Library visitor who first filed a charge pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i), before the General Counsel files a complaint under subsection (d)(3); or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a Library visitor who first initiated a proceeding under subpara-graph (A)(ii), before the Library visitor re-quests a hearing under the procedures of the Library of Congress described in such sub-paragraph.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY .— The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect as if such amendments were included in section 153 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115-141), and shall apply as specified in sec-tion 153(c) of such Act. 
SEC. 304. NOTICES. 
Part E of title II (2 U.S.C. 1361) is amend-ed— (1) in section 225 (2 U.S.C. 1361)— (A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). (2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 226. NOTICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Every employing office shall post and keep posted (in conspicuous places upon its premises where notices to covered employees are customarily posted) a notice provided by the Office that— ‘‘(1) describes the rights, protections, and procedures applicable to covered employees of the employing office under this Act, con-cerning violations described in subsection (b); and ‘‘(2) includes contact information for the Office. ‘‘(b) VIOLATIONS .—A violation described in this subsection is— ‘‘(1) discrimination prohibited by section 201(a) (including, in accordance with section 102(c), discrimination prohibited by title II of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimina-tion Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.)) or 206(a); and ‘‘(2) a violation of section 207, or a viola-tion of section 4311(b) of title 38, United States Code, that is related to discrimina-tion described in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 305. CLARIFICATION OF COVERAGE OF EM-PLOYEES OF STENNIS CENTER AND HELSINKI AND CHINA COMMIS-SIONS. 
(a) C OVERAGE OF STENNIS CENTER , CHINA R
EVIEW COMMISSION , CONGRESSIONAL -EXECU -
TIVE CHINA COMMISSION , AND HELSINKI COM-
MISSION .— (1) T
REATMENT OF EMPLOYEES AS COVERED  
EMPLOYEES .—Section 101(3) (2 U.S.C. 1301(3)) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (I); (B) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (J) and inserting a semicolon; (C) by redesignating subparagraph (J) as subparagraph (I); and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development; ‘‘(K) the China Review Commission; ‘‘(L) the Congressional-Executive China Commission; or ‘‘(M) the Helsinki Commission.’’. (2) T
REATMENT OF CENTER AND COMMISSIONS  
AS EMPLOYING OFFICE .—Section 101(9)(D) (2 U.S.C. 1301(9)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘and the Office of Technology Assessment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development, the China Review Com-mission, the Congressional-Executive China Commission, and the Helsinki Commission’’. (3) D
EFINITIONS OF COMMISSIONS .—Section 101 (2 U.S.C. 1301) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) C
HINA REVIEW COMMISSION .—The term ‘China Review Commission’ means the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission established under sec-tion 1238 of the Floyd D. Spence National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as enacted into law by sec-tion 1 of Public Law 106–398. ‘‘(14) C
ONGRESSIONAL -EXECUTIVE CHINA COM -
MISSION .—The term ‘Congressional-Executive China Commission’ means the Congres-sional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China established under title III of the U.S.–China Relations Act of 2000 (Pub-lic Law 106–286; 22 U.S.C. 6911 et seq.). ‘‘(15) H
ELSINKI COMMISSION .—The term ‘Hel-sinki Commission’ means the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe estab-lished under the Act entitled ‘An Act to es-tablish a Commission on Security and Co-operation in Europe’, approved June 3, 1976 (Public Law 94–304; 22 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.).’’. (b) L
EGAL ASSISTANCE AND REPRESENTA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title V (2 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.) is amended— (A) by redesignating section 509 as section 512; and (B) by inserting after section 508 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 509. LEGAL ASSISTANCE AND REPRESENTA-TION. 
‘‘Legal assistance and representation under this Act, including assistance and rep-resentation with respect to the proposal or acceptance of the disposition of a claim under this Act, shall be provided to the China Review Commission, the Congres-sional-Executive China Commission, and the Helsinki Commission— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.010 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2906 May 24, 2018 
‘‘(1) by the Office of the House Employ-ment Counsel of the House of Representa-tives, in the case of assistance and represen-tation in connection with a claim filed under title IV (including all subsequent pro-ceedings under such title in connection with the claim) at a time when the chair of the Commission is a Member of the House, and in the case of assistance and representation in connection with any subsequent claim re-lated to the initial claim where the subse-quent claim involves the same parties; or ‘‘(2) by the Office of the Senate Chief Coun-sel for Employment of the Senate, in the case of assistance and representation in con-nection with a claim filed under title IV (in-cluding all subsequent proceedings under such title in connection with the claim) at a time when the chair of the Commission is a Senator, and in the case of assistance and representation in connection with any subse-quent claim related to the initial claim where the subsequent claim involves the same parties.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents is amended— (A) by redesignating the item relating to section 509 as relating to section 512; and (B) by inserting after the item relating to section 508 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 509. Legal assistance and representa-tion.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 101 (2 U.S.C. 1301) is amended, in paragraphs (7) and (8), by striking ‘‘through (I)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘through (M)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) through (c) shall apply with respect to claims alleging viola-tions of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.) which are first made on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 306. TRAINING AND EDUCATION PROGRAMS OF OTHER EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING OFFICES TODEVELOP AND IM-
PLEMENT PROGRAMS .—Title V (2 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), as amended by section 305(b), is fur-ther amended by inserting after section 509 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 510. TRAINING AND EDUCATION PROGRAMS OF EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRING OFFICES TODEVELOP AND  I
MPLEMENT PROGRAMS .—Each employing of-fice shall develop and implement a program to train and educate covered employees of the office in the rights and protections pro-vided under this Act, including the proce-dures available under this Act to consider al-leged violations of this Act. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT TO COMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the beginning of each Congress (begin-ning with the One Hundred Sixteenth Con-gress), each employing office shall submit a report to the Committee on House Adminis-tration of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate on the implementation of the program required under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FIRST REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act, each employing of-fice shall submit the report described in paragraph (1) to the Committees described in such paragraph. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION FOR OFFICES OF CON-
GRESS .—This section does not apply to an employing office described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of section 101(9).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 509, as inserted by section 305(b), the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 510. Training and education programs of employing offices.’’. SEC. 307. SUPPORT FOR OUT-OF-AREA COVERED EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V (2 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), as amended by section 306(a), is further amended by inserting after section 510 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 511. SUPPORT FOR OUT-OF-AREA COVERED EMPLOYEES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—All covered employees whose location of employment is outside of the Washington, DC area (referred to in this section as ‘out-of-area covered employees’, shall have equitable access to the resources and services provided by the Office and under this Act as is provided to covered employees who work in the Washington, DC area. ‘‘(b) O
FFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE  R
IGHTS .—The Office shall— ‘‘(1) establish a method by which out-of- area covered employees may communicate securely with the Office, which shall include an option for real-time audiovisual commu-nication; and ‘‘(2) provide guidance to employing offices regarding how each office can facilitate equi-table access to the resources and services provided under this Act for its out-of-area covered employees, including information re-garding the communication methods de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) E
MPLOYING OFFICES .—It is the sense of Congress that each employing office with out-of-area covered employees should use its best efforts to facilitate equitable access to the resources and services provided under this Act for those employees.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 510, as inserted by section 306(b), the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 511. Support for out-of-area employ-ees.’’. 
SEC. 308. RENAMING OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE AS OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS. 
(a) R ENAMING .—Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
OFFICE OF  
COMPLIANCE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OFFICE OF CON -
GRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS ’’; and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO CONGRES -
SIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995.—The Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 is amended as follows: (1) In section 101(1) (2 U.S.C. 1301(1)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (2) In section 101(2) (2 U.S.C. 1301(2)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (3) In section 101(3)(H) (2 U.S.C. 1301(3)(H)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (4) In section 101(9)(D) (2 U.S.C. 1301(9)(D)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (5) In section 101(10) (2 U.S.C. 1301(10)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (6) In section 101(11) (2 U.S.C. 1301(11)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (7) In section 101(12) (2 U.S.C. 1301(12)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (8) In section 210(a)(9) (2 U.S.C. 1331(a)(9)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (9) In section 215(e)(1) (2 U.S.C. 1341(e)(1)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (10) In section 220(e)(2)(G) (2 U.S.C. 1351(e)(2)(G)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compli-ance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (11) In the heading of title III, by striking ‘‘OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE’’ and inserting ‘‘OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS’’. (12) In section 304(c)(4) (2 U.S.C. 1384(c)(4)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (13) In section 304(c)(5) (2 U.S.C. 1384(c)(5)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents is amended— (1) by amending the item relating to the title heading of title III to read as follows: ‘‘TITLE III—OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS’’; and (2) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 301 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 301. Establishment of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights.’’. (d) R
EFERENCES IN OTHER LAWS, RULES , 
ANDREGULATIONS .—Any reference to the Of-fice of Compliance in any law, rule, regula-tion, or other official paper in effect as of the effective date specified in section 401(a) shall be considered to refer and apply to the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. TITLE IV—EFFECTIVE DATE 
SEC. 401. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this Act, this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act shall take effect upon the expiration of the 180-day period which begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) N
OEFFECT ON PENDING PROCEEDINGS .— Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act may be construed to affect any proceeding or payment of an award or settle-ment relating to a claim under title IV of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.) which is pending as of the date of the enactment of this Act. If, as of that date, an employee has begun any of the proceedings under that title that were available to the employee prior to that date, the employee may complete, or initiate and complete, all such proceedings, and such pro-ceedings shall remain in effect with respect to, and provide the exclusive proceedings for, the claim involved until the completion of all such proceedings. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I would like to turn to my colleague, Senator K
LOBUCHAR . We have worked together on this bill. We are pleased to be able to bring it to the Senate floor today. We are pleased that all of our colleagues had time to see it, that it went through the process on both sides without objection, and that now it has been voted on by the Senate. Senator K
LOBUCHAR . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.010 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2907 May 24, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Thank you very much. Mr. President, I would like to thank Senator B
LUNT for his work on this. This is an incredibly important mo-ment. We are completely overhauling the sexual harassment policies of the Congress. This was an antiquated pol-icy that literally required 30 days of forced counseling, 30 days of forced me-diation, and 30 days of a cooling-off pe-riod. It was time for a change, and that is what we came together to do. I wish thank our colleagues who have worked on this with us: Senators G
ILLI-
BRAND , M URRAY , M CCASKILL , HARRIS ; our working group on Rules, including Senators B
LUNT , F EINSTEIN , C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , CAPITO , and F ISCHER ; and of course the two leaders, Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator S CHUMER , who worked on this. Senators E
NZIand K ENNEDY would al-ways say: If you can agree on things 80 percent of the time, that is a good day. This is a good day for changing the rules so that the deck is not stacked against victims, who should be in a safe workplace. Thank you, Senator B
LUNT . Mr. BLUNT. I certainly appreciate the opportunity we have had to work on this. Senator K
LOBUCHAR and I work together on the Rules Committee, as well, where I am the chairman and she is the ranking member, and the daily activities of the Senate come to us often. This was an action that created an opportunity where we looked at the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995. As Senator K
LOBUCHAR has sug-gested, there are things that may have been well-intended at the time, but they really put too many obligations and too many restrictions, in our view, on victims. Those things are all elimi-nated. Members of Congress, if they are per-sonally involved in harassment, will be personally liable for the compensatory damages of that. I think it puts the re-sponsibility where the American people think it should be. Both of our leaders have been very supportive—both Senator S
CHUMER and Senator M
CCONNELL . Many of our Members were involved in drafting this legislation, and there were many more who, after they had time to look at the final product, cosponsored the legisla-tion. I think approximately one-third of the Senate by the time this bill came to the floor were cosponsors of the bill. We look forward to this bill further defining what we see as our responsibil-ities. I am pleased to see the action of the Senate today with the unanimous clearance of every Senator on both sides, which enabled this bill to come to the floor and now has been approved. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Thank you very much. Mrs. MURRAY. I want to thank my colleagues from Minnesota and Mis-souri for all of their hard work on this issue. I would like to ask my col-leagues through the chair about sec-tion 111 of the bill amending section 415 of the Congressional Accountability Act. A new subparagraph, which will become 415(d)(1)(D), describes certain violations for which reimbursement is required by a Member of the House of Representatives or a Senator. I am in-terested in my colleagues’ under-standing regarding how that language should be interpreted? Ms. KLOBUCHAR. I Thank the Sen-ator for her question. The description of harassment in section 111 of the bill is only relevant to the determination of whether a Member is required to re-imburse the Treasury and is not in-tended to be used in other contexts. Mr. BLUNT. Section 111 of the bill includes a new requirement for Mem-bers to reimburse the Treasury in spe-cific circumstances. The description of harassment in this section is only in-tended to be used during adjudicatory processes to determine whether a Mem-ber is required to reimburse the Treas-ury. Mrs. MURRAY. Thank you. That clarification is helpful for my under-standing and for my colleagues’ under-standing as we take important steps to better address harassment in the U.S. Congress. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Evans nomination? Mr. CASSIDY. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Sen-ator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 48, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 111 Ex.] YEAS—48 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—9 
Cruz Duckworth Flake Hassan Heller McCain Moran Rubio Sanders 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The Senator from Oklahoma. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-sume legislative session for a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Minnesota. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995 REFORM BILL Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, Senator B
LUNT and I were here on the floor earlier to talk about the bill that was just passed through the Senate unanimously. That is the bill dealing with sexual harassment and other har-assment rules of the Congress. This was a joint effort, and I wish to take this opportunity, first of all, to thank everyone who was involved in this. First and foremost is Senator B
LUNT , who has been a true partner. We have worked on everything together, from adoption to tourism. Last month, when he took over from Senator S
HELBY ’s able leadership of the Rules Com-mittee, he and I worked together on changing the Senate rules, for the first time in the history of the Senate, to be more family friendly. We worked with Senator T
AMMY DUCKWORTH so that her baby will be allowed on the floor, as will other children of male and female Senators going forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.024 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2908 May 24, 2018 
The world is changing, and the Sen-ate needs to change with it, and I would argue that the Senate should be in the lead. It is no surprise, then, that we have had a number of women staff members take the lead and work with us on this bill. First is Lizzy Peluso, who is my lead and the ranking member’s staff di-rector of our Rules Committee. She was my chief of staff for a number of years and moved over to be our lead on the Rules Committee. She has done a tremendous job ushering in this legis-lation by listening to Members’ con-cerns and working with people on the legislation. There is also Stacy McBride, who has the same role working for Senator B
LUNT and has worked with him on this. We thank her for her help as well. I also want to mention Erin Sager Vaughn, who works with Senator S
CHU-
MER and has really done a lot of work on this bill. It just was a team effort. To John Abegg, from Senator M
CCON-
NELL ’s office, thank you for your help as well. I want to thank Travis Talvitie from my office for his work on this bill. This was a bill that was a long time in coming. I notice that there has been some excellent work over in the House. We want to thank Representative S
PEIER and others who have been in-volved in their bill. We know it is a lit-tle different than our bill. We look for-ward to hearing them out and working with them as we move forward. I did want to thank our colleagues in the Senate who supported this bill and worked with us. That would be Senator G
ILLIBRAND , who has been such a leader on this issue, Senator M
URPHY , Senator M
CCASKILL , and Senator H ARRIS . Also, I want to thank our Rules Committee working group: Senator F
EINSTEIN , Senator C
ORTEZ MASTO , Senator C AP-
ITO, and Senator F ISCHER . All are women who serve on the Rules Com-mittee and know we had to change the rules. I would say about this bill what Sen-ator E
NZIwould always say about his work with Senator Ted Kennedy: You have to start with the 80 percent that you agree on. We found a lot to agree on when it came to reforming the process in the Senate, which was literally staff against victims. It didn’t include in-terns. It didn’t include a number of people who had worked in the Senate. It was a very difficult process for peo-ple to bring claims. Of course, our goal here is a safe workplace, not only in the Senate and in the House, not only in all of the Fed-eral Government, but really across the country. So as much as this debate has been focused on people who serve in po-sitions of power—as it well should be— we also have to remember the nurse on the frontline in the hospital and the factory worker on the poultry line in Minnesota, and we should have protec-tions in place at all workplaces. I know this discussion is going on across America, and we are more than ready to be part of that discussion. So what is the problem? First of all, we have a situation where we had a 30- day forced counseling period. If some-one were to bring a harassment claim in the Senate, they had to go through 30 days of forced mediation, even if they didn’t want to mediate the claim. We had a 30-day forced cooling-off pe-riod before they could have access to a court. They could have been forced into a nondisclosure agreement. Interns had no protection at all, and there was no actual transparency around awards or settlement. It was literally set up to muzzle the victims in these cases. So what have we done? First of all, Senator GRASSLEY and I worked on this last fall, along with Senator S
HELBY  and others, and on mandatory training. I appreciate the leadership of Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator S CHUMER in working with us on this and getting this done quickly so that every staff member in the Senate, including every Senator, now goes through sexual har-assment training. That had to happen for the first time by the end of Janu-ary, and that happened. We also were concerned that victims weren’t reporting incidents. After all, 75 percent of individuals who experi-enced sexual harassment at work didn’t report it. So we wanted to make sure we improved the process so that would change. What does this legislation do? First of all, as I mentioned, it overhauls the process. That was our first and major goal—to make it easier for victims. It allows a victim to immediately pursue an administrative hearing or file a civil action—none of these cooling-off periods that are mandatory. It main-tains the option for an employee to go into mediation. Secondly, there are immediate pro-tections for staff. The bill that just passed the Senate provides employees with immediate access to a dedicated advocate who would provide consulta-tion and assistance and figure all of the options that they have and work with them on that. As I mentioned, it covers interns, detailees, and others who work in the Senate as unpaid staff. It provides op-portunities for employees to work re-motely or request paid leave without fear of retribution, after they have made a complaint. It requires that a notification of rights of employees be posted within every employing office of the legislative branch, including State and district offices. There are a number of other provisions, which I will put in the R
ECORD , that are put in to imme-diately protect staff. Last, there is accountability for Members. This bill holds Members of the House and Senate personally liable by requiring them to repay awards and settlements stemming from acts of harassment that they personally com-mit and ensures that Members who leave office would still be responsible for repaying the Treasury, including garnishing nongovernment wages and retirement annuities to ensure repay-ment. It requires public reporting of awards and settlements, including identifying if a Member of the House or Senate was personally liable. It also requires claims to be automatically referred to the Committee on Ethics for investiga-tion or further action when there is a final award or settlement. Those are the top lines of the bill, but I think we know that it is more than words on a page. It is more than going back and forth about which pro-vision would be better. This is really about the cases that we have seen in the Senate and the House—that they be handled correctly, and that we have a new and improved workplace going for-ward so that all people feel safe, so that the culture here feels safe, and so that we can be true leaders for work-places across the country. Again, this wouldn’t have happened without the decision of many Members who work here to, one, go out of their comfort zone and, two, decide they were more interested in getting some-thing done than having a messaging bill. That is what every Senator here decided—that it was more important to change this process. A year from now—once we get this passed through the House, and we work with them and we get this done—I be-lieve we are going to come back and have a different story to tell about the workplaces that we work in. I wish to thank my colleagues for making that decision to concretely get something done instead of just point-ing fingers at each other. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mrs. MCCASKILL. Mr. President, I want to thank Senator K
LOBUCHAR for her work on this. I think the Senate has done good work today. 
TRIBUTE TO LORENZO D ’AUBERT  
Mrs. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, I rise just for a few minutes to do what we don’t do often enough around here, and that is to recognize the extraor-dinary work of the people who actually labor in the trenches of the Senate. Back in September of 2008, a young man came to work in my office as an intern. Now, almost 10 years later, he is an essential part of my life. I am not sure that people understand what the beating heart of a Senate of-fice is, but everything revolves around the schedule. This young man, Lorenzo d’Aubert, who came to work for me in 2008, worked his way up from intern to staff assistant, which means you an-swer the phones when everybody is upset. Then he became a legislative correspondent, and then he worked as a systems analyst and on all of the com-puter stuff in my office. Eventually, his talent was so obvious, that I said: Please come sit outside my office and make everything work right, and that is what he has done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.026 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2909 May 24, 2018 
It is a really hard job because when you are the executive assistant and the scheduler, you have to say no to a lot of people, and you have to say it nice-ly. You have to make everyone happy, even when you are telling them that the schedule will not allow that to hap-pen. You have to manage phone calls from all seven of my children and my husband, who is upset, and manage the birth of grandchildren, the birthdays, the schedule of when I can get there and when I can’t. Is the plane delayed, or is it not? Can you get on Southwest? No, maybe you can make the American flight. On top of it all, he gets me to a million meetings and a million places all at the same time, with a smile on his face, with kindness in his heart, with a whip-sharp intellect, and with a work ethic that is astounding. I am really upset because he has the nerve to leave and go to law school. I am proud of him for his determination to seek a degree in law. I know he will be an amazing lawyer because he has that touch, where even when he is giv-ing you bad news, you know that he is delivering it with kindness. We need much more of that in the legal profes-sion. Lorenzo is really important to me, and I will miss him terribly. I think it is important that all of us around here—who crave the lime light, who want all the attention, and who want everybody to think that we are moving mountains—know that it is the people around us who are moving the moun-tains. We are just lucky to be on the ride. We will all miss you, Lorenzo. Con-gratulations to you and to your par-ents, Linda and Sergio. I know they are here today. I know how proud they are of you. We will miss you terribly, and we will be really mad at you if you don’t stay in touch. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
f 
VA MISSION BILL Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I will start by congratulating Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR , who was on the floor earlier to speak about the Congressional Ac-countability Act, and Senator B
LUNT  for their hard work to enact legislation that will make this place work better. It is a rare display of bipartisanship, coming together to improve our proc-esses with regard to sexual harassment and other issues, and I thank them for that. Earlier this week, some of us talked about the veterans bill that passed this Chamber—another sign of bipartisan-ship. It passed with a big vote, and it will help our veterans in Ohio to get the care they need, where they want it. Going into Memorial Day, I am very glad it passed. We have heard a lot of concerns that my colleagues raised about veterans not being able to get the care they wanted in their hometowns or the spe-cialist they wanted or not being able to get reimbursed appropriately for care outside of the VA system, and now they will be able to do it. Another part of that legislation that helps our veterans deals with an issue that is affecting all of the States in this body and sadly has become an epi-demic in our country; that is, the opioid epidemic. It is an issue that some of our veterans are facing when they come back from service. Some have PTSD. Some have traumatic brain injuries and other injuries that require procedures. In response to the acute pain and some of these other con-ditions, they are given opioid medica-tion. As a result, sadly, a number of our veterans have become addicted to opioids. This legislation will help by, No. 1, cutting back on the overprescribing of opioids but also by using nonaddictive pain alternatives—medicines that do not have opioids in them—and other forms of therapy to help them deal with pain. These therapies will now be used more in our VA hospital system. That is a good thing for our veterans. f 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, talk-ing about the opioid issue, sadly, this is gripping my State of Ohio in a way that has caused us to have more deaths by opioids than any other cause of death. But it is not just Ohio; it is an epidemic because now, nationally, it is the No. 1 cause of accidental death, and for Americans under 50, it is the No. 1 cause of death, period. This makes it the worst drug epidemic we have faced in this country—the worst since, we will recall, back in the 1980s and 1990s when we were very concerned about co-caine and other drugs. This has become the worst drug epidemic we have ever faced. We had a tele-townhall meeting this week where I called several thousand Ohioans. We had about 20,000 people on the call at any one time. During that call, we had a survey question. Among other questions, it asked about opioids, and it asked a very simple question: Do you know someone who has been per-sonally affected? Have you been or do you know someone who has been per-sonally affected by this opioid epi-demic? The numbers were shocking this week. Typically, over half of the callers say yes. That is how bad it is in Ohio. This week, it was 66 percent— two-thirds of the callers. Thousands of people in Ohio reported back from a tele-townhall. So it is not a self-se-lected group; it is people who have called in to talk about various issues, and 66 percent said they know someone who has been directly affected by this opioid addiction issue. It has unfolded in three waves. The first wave was really prescription drugs, and this was back in the late 1990s and into the 2000s. There were pill mills in Southern Ohio and other States. Kentucky and West Virginia were hit hard. This was medication that was being abused, in many cases leading to an addiction. The second wave was the heroin wave. This was when heroine became more readily available and was actu-ally less expensive than prescription drugs, and many people turned to her-oin. That heroin led to many more overdoses and other issues, including diseases associated with the use of nee-dles, hepatitis C and others. Now there is a new wave, and the new wave, sadly, is even more deadly than the first two. It is what is called syn-thetic opioids or synthetic heroin. The one that you have probably heard of is called fentanyl, sometimes carfentanil, which is even more powerful. It is truly at epidemic levels in my State, and it is being made worse by this new wave of synthetic heroin. There are other drugs, as well, that are affecting us in our country. In my own State, in some regions of Ohio, crystal meth now coming up from Mex-ico is creating a bigger problem. Co-caine is certainly an issue. But as I have looked at the statistics and trav-eled the State, it is clear that our No. 1 issue is opioids and that synthetic opioids—50 times more potent than heroin—are the new face of the opioid epidemic. Fentanyl was involved in about 37 percent of the deaths in Ohio as re-cently as 2015. By 2016, it was respon-sible for 58 percent of the overdose deaths. So it has gone from 37 percent to 58 percent in 1 year. We don’t have all the numbers yet for 2017, but unfor-tunately the numbers we do have from various regions of the State indicate that 2017 is going to be just as bad, if not worse. Columbus, OH, as an exam-ple, has seen a staggering increase in opioid overdoses due to fentanyl. Two- thirds of the county’s 2017 overdose deaths were due to fentanyl—two- thirds. I am told by law enforcement that fentanyl—again, this drug that is so deadly that a few flakes of it can kill you—has also been sprinkled into other drugs. I have talked to recovering ad-dicts who told me their stories about finding out that they were actually taking fentanyl when they thought they were taking another drug. It has been sprinkled into other street drugs, according to law enforcement and some of these recovering addicts I have talked to, including cocaine, even in-cluding marijuana, and including her-oin. Just last week, two men in the To-ledo area were arrested for drug con-spiracy with the intent to distribute. A little more than half a pound of fentanyl was seized upon their arrest. Half a pound of fentanyl would be equivalent to about 1 cup of fentanyl— small enough to fit into a ziplock bag in your kitchen. Yet that one drug sei-zure of 1 cup was enough fentanyl, ac-cording to experts, to kill 16,000 people. Remember, just a few flecks of it can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.028 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2910 May 24, 2018 
kill you. That is more than half of the population of Toledo, where this arrest took place. That is how dangerous these drugs are. Fentanyl comes mostly from labora-tories in China, and mostly it is shipped to the United States through a Federal agency; this is, the U.S. Postal Service. It is unbelievable to me that we are not doing more to push back on this given that it is actually a govern-ment entity through which the experts say most of this fentanyl is coming in, primarily from one country, primarily through the post office. We looked into this in an 18-month investigation in the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which I chair. Our investigators re-vealed just how easy it is to purchase fentanyl online and have it shipped to the United States. The drugs can be found through a simple Google search, and overseas sellers essentially guar-antee delivery if the fentanyl is sent through the U.S. Postal Service. I have spent time talking to Postal Service employees about this, includ-ing back home in Ohio, and they don’t want to be any part of this. No. 1, it is very dangerous. You can imagine, if these packages leak—I talked earlier about the dangers of fentanyl—people can be subjected to it, exposed to it, overdose themselves, even die. Also, they don’t want to be any part of it be-cause they don’t want to see these poi-sons coming into our country—that they are delivering—and going to an empty warehouse or a post office box or even being delivered to someone’s home, and during our investigation, we found all three. We found in several in-stances that people had received fentanyl through the mail and then had died of overdoses. We would have tracked that from hearing who had died and being able to track some of the payments and shipments. So there is no question that people are receiving fentanyl at their homes and taking it and dying. No one wants to be a part of that. Why is the post office the preferred way for these drugs to come? Why do the traffickers say: If you send it through the post office, then delivery is guaranteed. It is really pretty sim-ple. The U.S. Postal Service is exempt from a Federal law that was passed post-9/11. In 2002, Congress passed a law that required the private carriers— think FedEx or DHL or UPS—to get advance electronic data from their cus-tomers, which would then be provided to law enforcement, and it would tell law enforcement where the package is from, what is in the package, and where it is going. With that informa-tion, using big data analytics, Customs and Border Protection has been able to identify suspicious packages because they have this data on the packages coming in—every package, 100 percent of the packages. They then are able to pull these packages off line, test them, and not have this poison come into our communities. The same is not true, unfortunately, with regard to the U.S. Postal Service. Until we began this congressional in-vestigation and began to push the Postal Service, there was very little electronic data being provided on any packages from the Postal Service. Now, remember, there are 900 million pack-ages coming in a year. How can law en-forcement possibly find the suspect packages without having this data and without having good detection equip-ment to be able to find it? It is like finding a needle in a haystack. But with this information, they are able to be much more effective, as they have been with these private carriers—DHL, UPS, FedEx, and so on. Under pressure from Congress, over the last year or so, the Postal Service has been getting some data on inter-national packages. Last year, they re-ceived data on about 36 percent of their packages, based on the testimony they have given us, meaning that the United States received about 318 million pack-ages without any of the screening, without any of this data on it at all. So 36 percent is an improvement, but still the vast majority of packages are not being stopped. By the way, 20 percent of the pack-ages that were identified by law en-forcement as being problematic based on the amount of electronic data that was provided—20 percent of those pack-ages were not presented to law enforce-ment, based on the testimony we re-ceived. Finally, we learned that even though 36 percent of the packages had some sort of data, much of that data was not useful. It was not decipherable, not helpful for law enforcement. So we have a long way to go, and we have a crisis in front of us. It is time for Congress to act because it is clear to me that the Postal Service needs this congressional mandate to more ex-peditiously close this loophole that is allowing this deadly poison to continue coming into our homes and onto our streets. Again, this is the No. 1 killer in my home State of Ohio, and when we look nationally, this is the new face of the opioid epidemic. There is legislation to deal with this. It is called the STOP Act. It is a bipartisan bill I introduced with Senator A
MYKLOBUCHAR . She spoke on the floor earlier. We talked earlier about getting this legislation passed. This legislation will close the loophole. It will insist that our inter-national mail screening take place, and it will stop some of this deadly fentanyl from coming into our commu-nities. It will simply hold the Postal Service to the same standard as private mail carriers and require that within 1 year, they get electronic data on all packages entering the United States. It is fair, it is commonsense, and it is going to make a big difference in our communities. By the way, that is why about one- third of the Senate and about half of the House of Representatives have al-ready signed on as cosponsors of our legislation. It is bipartisan. It is bi-cameral. The President’s Opioid Com-mission—we remember that President Trump asked a bunch of experts to come together, led by Governor Chris Christie, to have a commission look at this opioid issue and come up with rec-ommendations. One of the rec-ommendations: Pass the STOP Act. Keep some of this fentanyl out of our country. Last week, the House Ways and Means Committee took up our legisla-tion, and I appreciate their doing that. Sadly, what they reported out was a weaker version of the STOP Act than is necessary to address this problem. Their version gives the Postal Serv-ice, as an example, 4 years to imple-ment these changes at a time when this is a crisis. Remember, it is in-creasing every year, to the point of being the No. 1 cause of death in my State and in many other States. It also only requires them to get data on 95 percent of packages—not 100 per-cent—eventually. It also gives the Federal Government the ability to waive the requirement altogether if it is ‘‘in the national se-curity interest of the United States.’’ I hate to see them use that waiver. How could it possibly be in the national se-curity interest of the United States of America not to have information to give to law enforcement to stop some-thing this deadly from coming into our country? That makes no sense. I know from what I have seen and heard in Ohio that we need this and we need it now. We need this data on all foreign packages. That is in our national secu-rity interest, not setting lower screen-ing standards or creating a loophole to evade accountability. I am encouraged that the Ways and Means Committee chairman, KEVIN B
RADY , has acknowledged these con-cerns. By the way, having spoken to him, I know he has a passion for ad-dressing this issue. I know he is personally committed to coming up with legislation that works. We need to resolve these differences, get this legislation to the floor of the House and the Senate, and get it passed so that we can begin to stop the fentanyl flooding into our country. It is at the forefront of the epidemic that we see around the country. It is taking lives. It is sidelining workers. The No. 1 cause of crime in my State is related to opioids. Often, the crimi-nal acts committed—such as burglary, shoplifting, and fraud—are to pay for the habit. It is crippling communities. It is breaking families apart. It is doing so at an alarming rate. This morning, we had testimony in the Committee on Finance regarding rural healthcare, and some of the pro-viders were talking about the fentanyl crisis. I asked them what they are doing about it and how it is going, par-ticularly with regard to kids who were born with what is called neonatal ab-stinence syndrome, meaning they were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.030 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2911 May 24, 2018 
born to an addicted mother, and they have to be taken through withdrawal as a baby. These little babies you could hold in the palm of your hand are hav-ing to go through withdrawal. They told me that the foster care systems in their States are over-whelmed; mine is, in Ohio. We have more kids under State supervision and in foster care than ever. We can’t find foster families fast enough because so many of the parents are unable to take care of the kids. There are more grand-parents and great-grandparents than ever having to step forward and take care of these kids. It is affecting our communities in so many ways. The STOP Act alone isn’t going to solve of all of these problems. We get that. We have passed legislation around here in the last year and a half to increase prevention and education and to increase treatment and longer term recovery. That is very important, and we need to do more of it. We have new legislation to take that to the next level. But combating this crisis at its source by making it harder for drugs to enter our country is certainly a step we can, and should, take. It is only common sense. At the very least, it would reduce supply and help to drive up the cost of this drug. One of our problems is that the drug is powerful, but it is also relatively inexpensive. We have an opportunity with the STOP Act to make a real difference for families in every single State rep-resented in this Chamber. If you are not already a cosponsor, I hope you will join us in this effort. If you are a cosponsor and you support this, I hope you will talk to your leadership, both sides of the aisle. Let’s get this to the floor. Let’s get a vote. Let’s ensure we are doing every-thing we possibly can to stop this poi-son. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 542. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, of Kentucky, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Robert Earl Wier, of Kentucky, to be United States District Judge for the East-ern District of Kentucky. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, John Kennedy, Johnny Isakson, Jerry Moran, Cory Gardner, John Cornyn, Thom Tillis, James E. Risch, Pat Rob-erts, David Perdue, Mike Rounds, John Thune, Roy Blunt, Richard Burr, Tom Cotton, Jeff Flake. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 587. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas. Mitch McConnell, Tom Cotton, Roger F. Wicker, John Cornyn, Thom Tillis, Orrin G. Hatch, Roy Blunt, Mike Rounds, John Hoeven, Richard Burr, John Thune, Joni Ernst, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, Johnny Isakson, Steve Daines, Chuck Grassley. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 625. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Annemarie Car-ney Axon, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Annemarie Carney Axon, of Ala-bama, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, John Cor-nyn, John Kennedy, Richard Burr, Mike Lee, David Perdue, Steve Daines, James Lankford, Pat Roberts, Johnny Isakson, Jeff Flake, Lindsey Graham, Patrick J. Toomey, Marco Rubio, Tom Cotton, James E. Risch. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VA MISSION BILL AND MEMORIAL DAY  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, a lot of our colleagues have been coming down to the floor today and had come down yesterday to talk about two things that are actually very con-nected. The first is the VA MISSION bill, which we just passed, that is going to significantly transform how we treat our veterans and how we make sure our vets are getting the care they have earned and deserve. Also, appro-priately, as that bill has just passed the Senate and is heading to the Presi-dent’s desk, we are talking about Me-morial Day and the Memorial Day 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.032 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2912 May 24, 2018 
weekend that is fast approaching—a very important, sacred time for our country and, certainly, for my State, the great State of Alaska. What I would like to do is to talk a little bit about the bill and then reflect a little bit more on the importance of Memorial Day as we move forward into this weekend. One of the things we all do is, cer-tainly, with regard to legislation like this is to look at the national implica-tions. We also look at how our own constituents will be impacted and make sure their interests are served when there is broader, national legisla-tion that we have been working on for months. Many of us had been working on this bill for almost a year. The Pre-siding Officer and I are on the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, so we were very focused on it. In my State, we proudly claim more veterans per capita than in any State in the country, but we also have unique challenges. Alaska is a very, very big place. With regard to enabling our vet-erans to get the healthcare they need and the services they need from the VA, it can be a challenge. So one of the things that we worked hard on was to make sure that if a veteran lives in a big State in a very rural part of Amer-ica, they will still get the benefits they have earned as a veteran. There are a number of things in the VA MISSION Act, which we just passed, that focus on the unique ele-ments of Alaska. I will give a couple of examples that are now in the legisla-tion that will be signed by the Presi-dent in a couple days. The bill requires access to commu-nity care—non-VA care—where the VA does not operate a full-service facility in the State. Well, there is no full-serv-ice VA facility in Alaska. So what this enables our veterans to do is to get care from other medical service pro-viders, particularly our veterans who are in some of the more rural parts of the State. It has a specific Alaska fee schedule for the reimbursement of providers be-cause healthcare costs are structurally so much higher in my State, as are transportation costs. There is a fee schedule that the VA uses in this bill just for Alaska. It continues to allow the VA to have Tribal sharing agree-ments with members of Tribal organi-zations that, again, have a very far reach and provide excellent care to so many Alaskans, both Natives and non- Natives. By the way, Alaska Natives serve at higher rates in the U.S. military than any other ethnic group in the country. There is incredible patriotism from those constituents in my State, whom we are all very proud of. The bill creates standards for timely payments to community care pro-viders. One of the big challenges we had in the VA was that non-VA med-ical providers provide care for vet-erans, and then the VA does not reim-burse them for months. This causes enormous challenges, including collec-tion agencies calling the very veterans who got the care and services. This is completely unacceptable. We are try-ing to change that, and this bill will do it. Finally, a bill that I had with Sen-ator T
ESTER from Montana is called the Serving Our Rural Veterans Act, which is now part of the broader bill. What this does is create VA residency programs in States such as Alaska and Montana that don’t have medical schools and where there are very few residency programs. Studies show that after doctors do their residency, well over 50 percent of the doctors stay in the States where they do residency programs. That is a great advantage if you have a lot of residency programs, but we don’t. What this bill does is set up a pilot program by the VA to work with Native health organizations, DOD health organizations, IHS health orga-nizations, and establish residency pro-grams through the VA so that we can get doctors in Alaska who will do serv-ice for our veterans and then stay. Those are just a few examples of how this bill helps not only veterans na-tionwide but certainly helps the vet-erans in my State. Of course, the im-plementation of this bill is going to be key. One thing that concerns me, to be frank, is that right now there is very little leadership at the highest levels of the VA. As a matter of fact, we have had four secretaries in 4 years. We need to start putting established, secure leaders in the VA to start imple-menting this important piece of legis-lation. We will continue the oversight role in Congress, but this is a good start. More importantly, this bill also sends a strong message to our veterans throughout the country that the Sen-ators in this body, Democrats and Re-publicans, have focused on them and have their backs, as do Americans all across the Nation. This is what I want to talk about for the remainder of my remarks this afternoon, on the eve of Memorial Day weekend—looking at and reflecting for a little bit on the Senate floor about the ebb and flow of how we, as Ameri-cans, have treated our veterans and memorialized their service because that is what this weekend is all about. We know and we continue always to lionize and celebrate our World War II veterans and the over 400,000 Ameri-cans who gave their lives defending freedom. That is who we are thinking about this weekend. During World War II, from ticker tape parades when they came home to Honor Flights that con-tinue today, this ‘‘greatest generation’’ of Americans, both living and dead, has received the respect and honor that all of our veterans should have, and with good reason. Their sacrifice saved the world from authoritarian takeover, whether it was from Nazi Germany or Imperial Japan. So we always had the ‘‘greatest generation’’ up here in terms of how we view them, how we memori-alize them—the veterans, those who gave the ultimate sacrifice. Then, just 5 years later came the Ko-rean war, and the respect we gave to the tens of thousands of veterans re-turning home from Korea started to de-cline, something akin to benign ne-glect. Many in American society dur-ing that time seemed as if they didn’t want to be bothered by what was going on in Korea or didn’t want to think about the tens of thousands who were killed in action, the over 8,000 who are still declared missing in action, and the over 100,000 American servicemem-bers wounded in the Korean war. This is reflected even today in the name that many historians have given this conflict, the ‘‘Forgotten War.’’ I have never liked that phrase. I think it is actually borderline dis-respectful. The better way to memori-alize the sacrifice of our Korean war veterans is in the words etched into the marble of the incredibly moving Ko-rean War Veterans Memorial in Wash-ington, DC, just a few miles from here. That memorial—for those who haven’t visited, I highly recommend you do; for those who are visiting Washington, particularly on this weekend, it is great to go down there. But there is a simple phrase there: ‘‘Freedom is not free.’’ Freedom is not free. If this weekend means anything, it is the importance of that phrase on the Korean War Vet-erans Memorial. That memorial also states: ‘‘Our Nation honors her sons and daughters who answered the call to defend a country they never knew and a people they never met.’’ If you want to see an example of American bravery and what it meant, take a look at the difference between North and South Korea today. There is a satellite photo that is very famous. It shows the Korean Peninsula at night. The North is dark; even today it is dark. The South is full of light, vi-brancy, and energy. The reason that happened—the reason that happens to this day is because of the bravery, the service, and the sacrifice of American military members. These are powerful words on the Ko-rean War Veterans Memorial in Wash-ington, DC, and to me the rightful trib-ute to that war and our veterans shouldn’t be the ‘‘Forgotten War’’; it should be the ‘‘Noble War.’’ Think about what our men and women did. As I mentioned, they were sent overseas to ‘‘defend a country they never knew and a people they never met.’’ To this day, our troops are on the peninsula right now, keeping the peace—28,000 of them. So we had benign neglect in the Ko-rean war, and then what happened? Well, then came the Vietnam war. We all know what happened. Yet to this day, we really don’t know why it happened. Our country kind of went off-kilter, and in terms of the honor and respect we showed our Vietnam veterans and their wounded and fallen comrades, America hit rock bottom— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.042 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2913 May 24, 2018 
World War II, here; Korean war, benign neglect; Vietnam, disgraceful conduct toward the men and women serving in the military. We have all heard the stories; they are sad and tragic. We have all heard the stories of young men and women who went to serve their country and fight overseas in Vietnam, who came home to protesters, were spit on, and called baby killers. I remember hearing about one such episode from a senior marine officer when I was a young marine infantry lieutenant. He came home from combat and met his dad, who was a World War II veteran, at the airport. He was in his service alphas—the green uniform that marines wear—sea bag over his shoul-der. His dad was with him. He came outside of the airport, and protesters were there, and someone threw red paint on him and his father. Think about that. A dad and a young man who just came home from fighting in Vietnam—and that is what he got. But here is the amazing thing, and it is why our country owes such a debt of gratitude to our Vietnam veterans. In-stead of being racked and incapaci-tated by bitterness and anger, these veterans did something amazing, some-thing remarkable. They set out to make sure that future veterans of America’s wars and their fallen com-rades would receive better attention and better treatment and better re-spect than they did. They made it their mission in life that we as a nation would once again honor our military as we honored the veterans coming home from World War II—at the highest level. That is what they did. Here is the amazing thing. They suc-ceeded. They succeeded, and we need to really be thinking about our Vietnam veterans and those killed in action in Vietnam this Memorial Day. Again, for those who haven’t been there, if you want to go to a moving memorial about America’s war sac-rifices and war dead, there is nothing more moving than the Vietnam Vet-erans Memorial. As someone who has seen what our Vietnam veterans have done for the next generation of veterans, I have also seen this throughout my own military career: When we come home from doing our duty, it is the Vietnam veterans who are there making sure that the current generation of American sol-diers, American warriors, gets the re-spect and honor that these veterans never got. Let me give you one example. Many years ago, I was commanding a Marine recon unit in Alaska. One of my sol-diers—one of my sergeants, one of my marines, a great marine—was killed. We had a memorial service. It was a small memorial service for this young Marine sergeant at Fort Richardson. It was outside. We were in our dress blues in a very somber service. Four guys pulled up on Harley Davidson motor-cycles. They were older. They pulled up on their bikes, and they just sat there through the whole service—a very, very powerful presence. At the end of the service they came up to me. I was a captain at the time. They asked if I was the senior officer, and I told them I was. I said: Thanks for coming. What are you doing here? Did you know my sergeant? They said: No, we just read about the service in the paper today, and we wanted to be here to show our respect and honor for this young Marine ser-geant. Think about that. Vietnam vets who weren’t treated well at all when they came home were making sure that one Marine Corps sergeant in Alaska got the respect and dignity he deserved as a veteran. Our Vietnam vets used their painful experience to become our Na-tion’s guardians of military respect, honor, and dignity. So, right now, where are we as a country? Well, I think we are back at that high level. I think we are back at that high level of not only respecting members of the military—veterans, Ac-tive Duty, Reserves—but certainly our wounded and fallen warriors. It is, in large measure, because of the efforts, sacrifice, and courage of our Vietnam veterans. So we can’t thank them enough. As Alaska’s Senator, I am so honored to represent so many veterans and so many Vietnam veterans. Here is what I think is important to talk about on the Senate floor. As we move into Memorial Day weekend, let’s resolve—not just as a community, in places like Alaska, but as a country, as a Senate—that we will always, al-ways stay at this high level of respect for our fallen, for our veterans and their families, and, particularly, for those who have given the ultimate sac-rifice and the men, women, wives, hus-bands, and children they have left be-hind. I think this is also important. Even though we are back as a nation at this very high level—you always hear it; you always hear it; it is always in the background—some start to question the service and sacrifice of America’s military. You have heard it a little bit when ISIS was running amok in Iraq and Syria. You heard some people say: Geez, we took these places with a lot of blood and treasure, and now they have fallen to terrorists. Was that worth the cost of the young men and women who died in those battles? Did our soldiers, marines, and sailors die in vain? I think it is really important to an-swer that question right here on the Senate floor, and it is something I hope we can all agree on. No American who has ever worn the uniform of our coun-try to fight for freedom and defend our Nation and die for this country— whether at Valley Forge, Iwo Jima, Hue City, Ramadi, Fallujah—has ever, ever died in vain. We always need to re-member that, particularly as we are coming upon Memorial Day weekend. I wish to thank again all of the mem-bers of the military and their families who protected our freedom for cen-turies and will continue to do so. We are working hard in the Senate to make sure our veterans are taken care of. The VA MISSION Act, which we just passed and which is going to the President’s desk for his signature, is part of that sacred commitment we have to our veterans and their families. I wish to thank them all as we come upon Memorial Day weekend. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEES  
STEPHEN CURREN , GUY DEMETER , MATT NIMS , 
ANDY NEAL , AND DAVID HUIZENGA  
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I rise today to call attention to the impor-tant efforts made each day by our pub-lic servants. At the beginning of this month, this very body honored our public servants by adopting a resolution marking the first week of May as Public Service Recognition Week. We need to do more to continue that sentiment year round. But on the same day the Senate adopt-ed a resolution honoring our public servants, Congress received a letter from the administration looking to use Federal employees to solve our budget problems, with cuts to retirement and freezes in pay. Is this really in the best interest of our public servants? Is this really the best method to attract and retain the best and the brightest to work across vital agencies to keep our government running? That is why today I wish to continue the longstanding tradition of honoring exemplary Federal employees—a tradi-tion that was begun by my friend Sen-ator Ted Kaufman from Delaware. It is my hope that the story of these five Virginians will remind my colleagues and the administration that public servants go to work every day with the sole mission to make this country a better and safer place to live. First, I would like to acknowledge Stephen Curren. In Stephen’s capacity as Director of the Division of Resil-ience at the Department of Health and Human Services, he coordinated the national response to help protect pub-lic and private healthcare computer systems from the worst effects of WannaCry, a global cyber attack that threatened patients’ health and safety. Stephen’s team applied existing proc-esses for dealing with physical disas-ters like hurricanes and tornados and adapted them to prepare for a cyber at-tack response. They continue the crit-ical work necessary to improve the col-laboration on cyber security with pri-vate healthcare agencies and the pub-lic. Next, I would like to share a bit about Guy Demeter, the FBI’s first- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.044 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2914 May 24, 2018 
ever data scientist. In his work, Guy develops technological solutions to or-ganize the Bureau’s data and has helped the FBI to track down child predators, identify banks evading sanc-tions, assist counterterrorism inves-tigations, and guard against internal threats. His innovative strategies are efficient, cost-effective, and have been a crucial part of increasing our na-tional security. Third, I would like to recognize the work of Matt Nims, the Acting Direc-tor of the Office of Food for Peace at USAID. Under Matt’s leadership, last year his office distributed emergency food and nutrition assistance to 20 mil-lion people facing severe hunger and starvation in Yemen, Somalia, South Sudan, and northeast Nigeria as a re-sult of drought, extreme poverty, and violent armed conflicts. Matt’s team used data from USAID’s Famine Early Warning Systems Net-work to anticipate food shortages be-fore they became full-fledged crises and then developed innovative ways to de-liver food, plan managed food distribu-tion, and keep up with the day-to-day challenges of working under difficult and dangerous conditions, saving countless lives. Next, I would like to recognize Andy Neal. Andy is the Branch Chief for Ac-tuarial and Catastrophic Modeling at FEMA. We have all seen the dev-astating effects of floods across the country, but what many don’t know is that the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram provides critical financial help to victims of hurricanes and other storms. By the end of 2016, the program was $25 billion in debt. In response, Andy led his team in an unprecedented effort to persuade pri-vate reinsurers for the first time to as-sume some potential flood damage li-ability. They were extremely success-ful. The government paid 25 private in-surance companies $150 million in pre-miums in 2017, and the insurers ended up covering more than $1 billion of the $7.6 billion in claims to policyholders in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, and has secured even more coverage for 2018. Last, but certainly not least, I would like to recognize David Huizenga, the Principal Assistant Deputy Adminis-trator for Defense Nuclear Non-proliferation at the National Nuclear Security Administration. In his everyday work, David con-fronts some of our most pressing inter-national threats, formulating national security policy, monitoring compliance with nuclear agreements, and working with other nations to safeguard nu-clear stockpiles and reduce the threat of nuclear terrorism. In the past 3 years, David has worked to remove nuclear material from Po-land, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Japan, and Ghana, relying on relationships with his international counterparts to make the world more secure. Here in the United States, David and his team have also worked to reduce the amount of radioactive materials used in medical and commercial applications. A Fed-eral employee for 28 years, David’s work as a nonproliferation expert is widely respected both in the United States and around the world. I hope my colleagues will join me in honoring these outstanding individ-uals, as well as government employees at all levels around the country, for their excellent work and their commit-ment to public service. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
GAS PRICES  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, as we head into Memorial Day weekend and the summer driving season, gas prices are up nearly 25 percent since Presi-dent Trump took office. That means American consumers are paying $350 more per year to fill up under Presi-dent Trump, and here is why: No. 1, President Trump’s incoherent foreign policy has been exacerbating the geopolitical risk premium on oil prices and driving them up, and Presi-dent Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Iran deal is fur-ther roiling oil markets. Because of these actions that increase risks around the world, gas prices could keep going up even more this summer. I call this the ‘‘Trump oil risk tax,’’ and its impacts are being felt right now. The oil risk tax completely wipes out any tax savings from the Republican tax scam for the poorest Americans. The lowest 40 percent of earners are projected to get roughly $200 this year from the GOP tax plan. That is elimi-nated, obviously, by the $350 more they are paying now to gas up thanks to Donald Trump’s policies. Donald Trump loves having his name on things—towers, steak, universities. Now his name is associated with higher gas prices for every American family. Reason No. 2, while consumers are getting tipped upside down at the gaso-line pumps, oil companies are bene-fiting from a $25 billion tax cut this year alone from the GOP tax scam. That is on top of the $7 billion to $8 bil-lion a year they get in permanent tax breaks and also free drilling loopholes. All of that is on top of the $25 billion of tax breaks this year alone. Is Big Oil using those GOP tax giveaways to help drivers across America? Nope. They are using it to buy back tens of billions of dollars’ worth of their own stock. Big oil companies are using this tax wind-fall to pump up their own profits rath-er than to help consumers at the pump. Reason No. 3, the United States is ex-porting historic amounts of American oil, even while we remain dependent on OPEC and the Middle East. Exporting U.S. oil is only a further giveaway to Big Oil. We are now exporting more than 2.5 million barrels a day of U.S. crude overseas, even while we are still forced to import that exact same amount—2.5 million barrels a day— from OPEC and the Middle East, and we are sending our oil overseas to ben-efit foreign nations like China, which is getting one-quarter of U.S. oil ex-ports. Why would we send our oil overseas instead of keeping it here to help our consumers and our security? Well, be-cause Big Oil stands to see $500 billion in new revenue over the next 20 years as a result of U.S. oil exports because they can charge more for U.S. oil over-seas. They make more money if they sell it to foreigners than if they sell it to U.S. citizens—U.S. consumers. Ex-porting American crude means our con-sumers are more vulnerable to supply shops and more closely tied to rising international prices. Reason No. 4, OPEC and Russia are colluding to manipulate oil markets. In response to the millions of barrels a day of U.S. oil we are exporting, OPEC, Russia, and other nations are working together to simply cut their production by an equal amount. You don’t need to be Robert Mueller to know collusion is going on between Russia and OPEC to boost oil prices and hurt American con-sumers at the pump as they are getting ready for the Memorial Day weekend. That is why I introduced the OPEC Accountability Act. This legislation would require President Trump to ne-gotiate with OPEC, with Russia, and other nations to put an end to this car-tel that is manipulating markets and harming American consumers. This legislation would further direct our Trade Representative to take action against any country in the cartel that refuses to stop conspiring to raise prices. President Trump is doing nothing to hold OPEC and Russia accountable. It is time for him to immediately begin negotiations with this cartel to put an end to their manipulation of the oil markets of the world but also of the United States of America. Reason No. 5, the Trump administra-tion is attacking fuel economy stand-ards that help consumers and reduce our reliance on foreign oil. The historic fuel economy emissions standard of 54.5 miles per gallon by the year 2025 that is currently on the books is projected to save consumers more than $1 trillion at the pump. They will reduce our consumption of oil by 2.5 million barrels of oil a day by 2030. That is how much oil we import from OPEC every single day. Why would the Trump administration seek to elimi-nate all of the increases in fuel econ-omy standards for the vehicles we drive if they know that it will back out all of that imported oil from the Middle East? You don’t have to be a detective to figure this out. They would do it at the behest of the big oil companies, the big auto companies, and the Trump ad-ministration so that they can put these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.046 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2915 May 24, 2018 
fuel economy standards in their cross-hairs. The Trump administration is in the process of making a U-turn and putting us in reverse on these critical fuel economy emissions standards. That will mean that consumers will pay even more at the pump, and it will mean that we will be even more reliant on oil from OPEC and other foreign na-tions and unstable regions around the world. President Trump likes to tout Amer-ican energy dominance, but thanks to his policies, it is high gasoline prices that are dominating American con-sumers’ pocketbooks. President Trump says his agenda is ‘‘America First,’’ but the policies he and the Republicans are pursuing are putting Big Oil, OPEC, Russia, and China first and American consumers last. It is time for this to end. It is time for us, in our country, to have a debate about this oil agenda. The President always says that he wants to have an agenda that is ‘‘all of the above’’—meaning every energy source—but when you examine it very closely, it just comes down to oil above all. We are seeing that, and the con-sumers are paying the price at the pump. We need to ensure that everyone in our country understands who is re-sponsible, whose name is on this price increase, and that name is Donald J. Trump. They are his oil policies. It is his foreign policy that is creating this problem for every consumer as we head into the Memorial Day weekend and as we continue throughout the summer and into the rest of this year and next year. It is a very important issue for every American. They are going to feel it in their pocketbooks because the tax break that the President is touting is going to be completely wiped out by the high energy prices that will go right to the Koch brothers, right to Big Oil, and right to OPEC. If the President wants to do some-thing about this, he should call up his pals, the Saudi Arabians. He should call up his pals in the United Arab Emirates. He should call up his pals in the big oil companies and bring them in and tell them that he wants this to end, that he wants there to be lower oil prices, that he does not want them to be taking advantage of this tight American marketplace as we export 2.5 million barrels a day. It is time for us to begin to under-stand what is happening to our econ-omy. Ultimately, it is not just going to be drivers at the pump. It is going to be businesses. It is going to be large and small who are going to be impacted by this, and it is ultimately going to have a supreme, negative impact on our economy—not for the oil companies but for anyone else who purchases this oil, which is everyone. Thank you for the time. I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 848, 851, 852, 853, and 854. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of David B. Cornstein, of New York, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to Hungary; Francis R. Fannon, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Energy Resources); Eliot Pedrosa, of Florida, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank; Jonathan R. Cohen, of Cali-fornia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor, to be the Deputy Represent-ative of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary, and the Deputy Representative of the United States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations; and Jonathan R. Cohen, of California, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the Gen-eral Assembly of the United Nations, during his tenure of service as Deputy Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon table en bloc; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Cornstein, Fannon, Pedrosa, Cohen, and Cohen nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 898 and 899. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Erica H. Mac-Donald, of Minnesota, to be United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota for the term of four years; and Scott Patrick Illing, of Louisiana, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Louisiana for the term of four years. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the MacDonald and Illing nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of Executive Calendar Nos. 859, 860, 861, 862, and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk in the Coast Guard; that the nominations be confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE COAST GUARD  The following named officer for appoint-ment as Deputy Commandant for Mission Support, a position of importance and re-sponsibility in the United States Coast Guard and to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., Section 50: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Michael F. McAllister The following named officer for appoint-ment as Deputy Commandant for Operations, a position of importance and responsibility in the United States Coast Guard and to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., Sec-tion 50: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Daniel B. Abel The following named officer for appoint-ment to a position of importance and respon-sibility in the United States Coast Guard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.048 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2916 May 24, 2018 
and to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., Section 50: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Scott A. Buschman The following named officer for appoint-ment to a position of importance and respon-sibility in the United States Coast Guard and to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., Section 50: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Linda L. Fagan N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE COAST GUARD  PN1530 COAST GUARD nominations (267) beginning AUGUSTINO ALBANESE, II, and ending NICHOLAS P. ZIESER, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 24, 2018. PN1881 COAST GUARD nominations of Kyle S. Young, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2018. PN1882 COAST GUARD nomination of Mi-chael S. Daeffler, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2018. PN1883 COAST GUARD nominations (2) be-ginning REBECCA A. DREW, and ending SARAH J. REED, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2018. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of Executive Calendar Nos. 870, 871, 872, 873, 874, 875, 876, 877, 878, 879, 880, 881, 882, 883, 884, 885, 886, 887, 888, 889, 890, and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy; that the nominations be confirmed, the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate; that no fur-ther motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the Record; and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (Lower Half) Capt. Peter G. Vasely 
IN THE ARMY  The following named Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Diron J. Cruz 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Daniel T. Lasica The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Bradford J. Shwedo IN THE ARMY  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be major general Brig. Gen. Antonio A. Aguto, Jr. Brig. Gen. Maria B. Barrett Brig. Gen. Xavier T. Brunson Brig. Gen. Charles H. Cleveland Brig. Gen. Douglas C. Crissman Brig. Gen. Bradley K. Dreyer Brig. Gen. Jeffrey W. Drushal Brig. Gen. Raul E. Escribano Brig. Gen. John R. Evans, Jr. Brig. Gen. Antonio M. Fletcher Brig. Gen. Sean A. Gainey Brig. Gen. Steven W. Gilland Brig. Gen. Mark W. Gillette Brig. Gen. Karl H. Gingrich Brig. Gen. Charles R. Hamilton Brig. Gen. David C. Hill Brig. Gen. David T. Isaacson Brig. Gen. Kenneth L. Kamper Brig. Gen. Donna W. Martin Brig. Gen. Joseph P. McGee Brig. Gen. Paul H. Pardew Brig. Gen. Patrick B. Roberson Brig. Gen. Andrew M. Rohling Brig. Gen. Richard M. Toy Brig. Gen. Joel K. Tyler The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army Medical Service Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 624 and 3064: To be brigadier general Col. Wendy L. Harter The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army Dental Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 624 and 3064: To be brigadier general Col. Shan K. Bagby The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army Medical Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 624 and 3064: To be brigadier general Col. Michael L. Place 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Craig S. Faller 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Warren D. Berry The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Donald E. Kirkland 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Darsie D. Rogers, Jr. The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Bradley A. Becker IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Michael M. Gilday 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Lewis A. Craparotta The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Daniel J. O’Donohue 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade in-dicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be major general Brig. Gen. David B. Burgy The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Michele C. Edmondson 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Jeffrey S. Scheidt 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Joseph M. Martin 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Joseph L. Osterman N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN1875 AIR FORCE nomination of Mckisa P. Fryer, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.049 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2917 May 24, 2018 
PN1915 AIR FORCE nominations (6) begin-ning AARON J. OELRICH, and ending GREGORY P. NORTON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1916 AIR FORCE nomination of Ryan C. Boyle, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1972 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning CHAD J. KIMBROUGH, and ending TRAVIS K. PUGH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. 
IN THE ARMY  PN1739 ARMY nomination of Todd M. Yosick, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 12, 2018. PN1815 ARMY nomination of Mitchell P. Kreuze, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 10, 2018. PN1816 ARMY nomination of Sheryl L. Anthos, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 10, 2018. PN1876 ARMY nominations (4) beginning MARK A. CRIMALDI, and ending JAMES A. WATSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 24, 2018. PN1877 ARMY nominations (2) beginning DERRICK J. CHACON, and ending TODD M. LEEDS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 24, 2018. PN1917 ARMY nomination of James E. Smith, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1918 ARMY nominations (18) beginning ALLEN D. ALDENBERG, and ending TIM-OTHY A. WOOD, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1919 ARMY nominations (2) beginning WILLIAM J. GRIMES, and ending JEREMY P. MOUNT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1920 ARMY nomination of David W. Eastburn, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1921 ARMY nomination of Zina L. Rob-erts, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1922 ARMY nominations (2) beginning BRADFORD M. BURRIS, and ending JOHN H. COCHRAN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1973 ARMY nomination of Courtney T. Tripp, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1974 ARMY nomination of Tam Bui, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  PN1488 MARINE CORPS nominations (100) beginning JUSTIN J. ANDERSON, and end-ing ROBERT C. ZYLA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1489 MARINE CORPS nominations (40) beginning ARMANDO ACOSTA, JR., and ending ROGER M. WOOD, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 18, 2018. PN1495 MARINE CORPS nomination of James B. Thompson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1617 MARINE CORPS nomination of Jon C. Peterson, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 8, 2018. IN THE NAVY  PN1483 NAVY nomination of Jason A. Par-ish, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Jan-uary 18, 2018. PN1484 NAVY nomination of Hisham K. Semaan, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1583 NAVY nomination of Thomas A. Esparza, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 5, 2018. PN1588 NAVY nomination of Justin S. Heitman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 5, 2018. PN1702 NAVY nomination of Brian P. Walsh, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1703 NAVY nomination of Justin M. Adcock, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1704 NAVY nomination of Daniel A. Ward, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1705 NAVY nomination of Robert M. Hess, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1878 NAVY nomination of Samantha J. Savage, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2018. PN1879 NAVY nomination of Neil Partain, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2018. PN1880 NAVY nomination of Gabriel F. Santiago, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2018. PN1923 NAVY nominations (33) beginning GREGORY N. ANDERSON, and ending JACOB H. WEBB, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1937 NAVY nomination of David A. Besachio, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1938 NAVY nomination of Evan E. Wer-ner, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1990 NAVY nomination of Kevin B. Smith, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 826 and 827. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Rubydee Cal-vert, of Wyoming, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corpora-tion for Public Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2022; and Laura Gore Ross, of New York, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2022. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Calvert and Ross nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 168, 169, and 404. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Annie Caputo, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2021; David Wright, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2020; and Jeff-ery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2023. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Caputo, Wright, and Baran nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 865. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.055 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2918 May 24, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Gregory J. Sla-vonic, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Slavonic nomi-nation? The nomination was agreed to. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WORKERS’ MEMORIAL DAY Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last month, during Workers’ Memorial Day, we honored and remembered those killed or injured on the job. It is a day we reaffirm our commitment to work-ers and their families to do all we can to prevent these tragedies. Forty-seven years ago, when the Oc-cupational Safety and Health Adminis-tration was established, an estimated 14,000 workers were killed on the job. By 2016, the number was reduced to nearly 5,200. We have come a long way in worker safety, but when more than 14 people die on the job every day—and only 2.9 million work-related injuries are reported annually even though the real number could be as much as 7.4 to 11.1 million—more work needs to be done. Clearly, the workplace remains too dangerous. We owe it to America’s working men and women to ensure their safety, but too often, we are re-minded of our failure to do so. I want to talk about Pamela Knight, from Dixon, in my home State of Illi-nois. An employee of the Illinois De-partment of Children and Family Serv-ices, Pamela was asked last September to check on the welfare of a child. When Pamela arrived, sensing a dan-gerous environment, she decided to re-move the 2-year-old boy from the home and place him in protective custody. That is when the child’s father knocked her to the floor, kicked her in the head, and continued beating Pam-ela’s fractured skull. After this horrific incident, she was airlifted to a hospital in nearby Rockford, IL, where she un-derwent two surgeries, but it was too late. Pamela suffered permanent brain damage and passed away about four months after the attack. Pamela Knight was 59 years old. The job of our investigators and first responders, like Pamela, at the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services is not easy. They are on the frontlines to those in crisis, but we can all agree, it should never be fatal. My heart goes out to Pamela’s family, friends, colleagues, and all our public service workers protecting and serving the most vulnerable in our commu-nities. The theme of this year’s Workers’ Memorial Day was ‘‘Safe Jobs. Every Worker’s Right.’’ While the adminis-tration attempts to walk back many vital protections and existing safe-guards for our workers, let’s recommit ourselves in Congress to live up to those words and provide the right every worker deserves: a safe job. In doing so, we can honor the legacy of courageous Americans, like Pamela Knight, who simply did her job. I urge all my colleagues to join me in fighting for secure workplaces every-where and once and for all, live up to the promise of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration’s mission to assure the dignity of a safe and healthy working condition for all Americans. With the right commit-ment, we can protect, strengthen, and advance the gains we have made over the last half century and make the safety of all workers a reality. 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF ANNIE CAPUTO AND DAVID WRIGHT Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I rise today to congratulate Annie Caputo and David Wright on their confirma-tion as members of the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission. Regrettably, it has taken almost a year for the Senate to confirm these excellent nominees. This is yet another example of how broken the Senate’s confirmation process is and why we need to change the rules so we can process nominees in a timely manner. Annie and David will make out-standing commissioners. For over a decade, Annie has served as a top ad-viser on nuclear energy issues to mem-bers of the House of Representatives and the Senate. She has worked on the House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee and the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, advising the committees’ chairmen, including former Chairman J
IMINHOFE and, now, me. Here on Capitol Hill, Annie is consid-ered the dean of nuclear energy policy. More than any other staff member, she knows the nuclear power sector. As a nuclear engineer, Annie knows the physics behind nuclear power. She also knows the challenges it faces and the bright future it can have if we make the right decisions here in Washington. Likewise, Annie knows our Nation’s nuclear regulatory agencies, especially the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. She understands how the NRC can be improved, how it can be more respon-sive to the public and its licensers, and the best way to accomplish that goal. Prior to becoming chairman, I found Annie to be instrumental in helping me conduct oversight of the nuclear indus-try and the NRC. She was particularly helpful following Fukushima. Since be-coming chairman, I have seen how she is an invaluable part of the Environ-ment and Public Works staff. For ex-ample, Annie was largely responsible for drafting S. 512, the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act. This is a bill that will help facilitate the licensing of advanced reactors and reform how the NRC collects fees from its shrinking pool of licensees. It is a bill that we need if this country is going to allow nuclear power to suc-ceed in the future. Last year, the com-mittee passed this bill by a broad bi-partisan vote of 18 to 3. It remains a top priority of mine and is legislation Congress should send to the president by the end of the year. Beyond the area of policy, I want to thank Annie for the role she played at the committee office. I want to thank her for helping my other staff, espe-cially the way in which she served as a mentor to them. They are better staff-ers for the time they spent learning from and alongside Annie. I know other Members of Congress in the House and Senate feel the same way and share my gratitude to her. So congratulations, again, Annie. Congress will be a poorer place without you. But our loss will be the NRC’s gain. While I do not know David on a per-sonal level, I also believe he will be an asset to the NRC. For about a decade, David served as a member and chair-man of South Carolina’s Public Service Commission. He also served as the president of the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners. David is held in high esteem among those who work on nuclear issues. Like Annie, he is a dedicated public servant. I wish the two of them the very best in their new roles on the Commission. Thank you. f 
MEMORIAL DAY Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, this Monday, we will celebrate Memorial Day. Across our proud Nation this Me-morial Day weekend, we remember the men and women of our Armed Forces who made the greatest sacrifice imag-inable. Whether it was on the battle-field of Antietam, the beaches of Nor-mandy, or in the mountains of Afghan-istan, thousands of Americans have taken up the mission to defend our Na-tion, ideals, and freedoms at home and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.052 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2919 May 24, 2018 
abroad, knowing that they may not survive. This Memorial Day, let us pause to pay honor to their immense courage. I specifically remember the sacrifices of my fellow citizens from Maryland such as SPC Tocarra Green. She was the first woman from Maryland to die in the Iraq War. I remember SGT Erick M. Houck, a Baltimore native like me, who died in Afghanistan just last year. It is a remarkable notion that our fel-low citizens were willing to pay such a high cost for our own freedom. They and those like them deserve every honor we can bestow. Memorial Day weekend often serves as an opportunity for Americans to spend time with friends and family. As we consider the cost of our freedom, let us also remember the families of our fallen, our Gold Star families. As we remember the sacrifices of our fallen servicemembers, we also recognize the tremendous loss to their families and admire their patriotism and persever-ance. Despite all of these sacrifices, the struggle to preserve our freedom con-tinues. Just as in times past, our en-emies seek to threaten the freedom for which our American brothers and sis-ters have laid down their lives. These enemies don’t just fight our troops on the battlefield; they have attacked the integrity of our electoral system and our freedom of speech while seeking to reverse our progress against racial in-equity and religious freedom. One of the best ways to honor our fallen com-rades is for us to work together to de-fend our freedom and our American principles. We cannot allow the erosion of the liberties our family members and friends have fought so hard to de-fend. As I pray for the fallen and their families this weekend, I will also pray for our men and women currently serv-ing in harm’s way and for their fami-lies too. I am truly grateful for those who have served our country, past and present, and I will continue to do my very best to serve them in return. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, as you know, Congress passed, and the Presi-dent signed, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act late last year. While much media at-tention has been focused on certain as-pects of tax reform, one topic that has not received due attention is the posi-tive effect that tax reform is already having on small businesses. As chair-man of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, I strongly supported this legislation be-cause I saw the potential it had to spur investment, create economic growth, and provide tax relief to the millions of small business owners whose resilience and work ethic provide ample evidence that the American Dream is alive and well. This piece of legislation has had a positive impact, not just for small business owners and their employees in my home State of Idaho, but also for small business owners and employees all across our country. I plan to intro-duce and highlight these small busi-nesses on a weekly basis for the near future. While there are more and more up-lifting stories of small businesses that are benefiting from tax reform each day, today I wish to share the story of Renaissance Property Management, LLC located in Dearborn, MI. Renais-sance Property Management’s owner, Rudaina Hamade, and her son Michael operate this successful small business, which specializes in acquiring rental properties, asset management, and 24 hour property maintenance. Through their business, the Hamades and their 5 to 10 employees, some of whom are sea-sonal, strive to offer tenants affordable and distinguished homes. During the last recession, when so many small businesses were suffering, her deter-mination was on full display. Though the Detroit housing market experi-enced a steep decline, the Hamades per-severed, and after finding financial backing, they continued to invest in the Detroit market even while many others were reducing their footprint in the city. Ms. Hamade, a Lebanese immigrant, is a prime example of the American Dream, having exhibited an amazing drive and work ethic throughout her life. She received her finance degree from Davenport University while rais-ing her children and running a small business. In addition to running her company and raising a family, Ms. Hamade is also an active member of the Dearborn Chamber of Commerce and the Small Business Council at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Changes in the tax law have offered welcome relief to the Hamades’ em-ployees and their families. This new law has enabled the Hamades to pro-vide their employees with bonuses ranging from $1,000 to $2,000. They have also been able to make capital invest-ments in their company. These invest-ments include upgrades to their com-puter system and the purchasing of new software, machinery, and tools. Stories like these show that tax reform was a more than worthwhile goal that has improved small businesses’s out-look, provided employee bonuses, low-ered taxes, and increased investment in many sectors of our economy. In the coming weeks and months, I intend to bring more attention to the positive ef-fects that tax reform has had on small businesses across our great country. 
f 
HUNGARY Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, this week, the Senate is poised to confirm the nomination of David Cornstein to serve as the next U.S. Ambassador to Hungary. Against that backdrop, as well as reports that Secretary of State Pompeo will meet with the Hungarian Foreign Minister in Washington at the end of this month, it is timely to con-sider the troubling situation in Hun-gary. Budapest is a fabulous city. The Par-liament is regarded by many as one of the most beautiful legislative houses in the world. Hungarians are a warm and generous people, and the United States and Hungary have a shared history dat-ing to the times of Lajos Kossuth, whose bust graces the halls of the U.S. Congress. Hungarians have come to this country as both immigrants and refugees, enriching our national fabric. The beauty of Budapest masks a growing climate of fear, however. For the past 8 years, Hungary’s ruling Fidesz party has tried to pass majoritarianism off as democracy. Media pluralism has disappeared. The government plays favorites with reli-gions, preferring some while discrimi-nating against others, like the Hun-garian Evangelical Fellowship. More-over, the checks and balances that are essential for democracy are missing in action. To say that the ruling party now exercises unchecked legal power is not an exercise in hyperbole, but mere-ly a concise analysis of the facts. Prime Minister Viktor Orban has al-lowed corruption to flourish, enriching his own friends and family. The govern-ment has recentralized, and more of the economy is either under state con-trol or in the hands of Orban’s cronies. Once Fidesz won two-thirds of the seats in Parliament in 2010, the party changed the election system to perpet-uate that outcome. As Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, OSCE, elections observers concluded, separation of state and party is no longer respected. For a country that suffered under a one-party regime, that is a deeply disturbing conclusion. In 2013, I chaired a Helsinki Commis-sion hearing on the trajectory of de-mocracy in Hungary. Frankly, I did not think things would get this bad, in part because I did not think the ruling Fidesz party would become more ex-tremist than Hungary’s strongest oppo-sition party, Jobbik, but after 2010, with Jobbik’s anti-Semitic and anti- Roma rhetoric serving as a Greek cho-rus, Fidesz leaders carved out their own revisionist bona fides, worked to rehabilitate fascist-era figures, and re-peatedly awarded, elevated, and ampli-fied one of the country’s most extrem-ist polemicists. They determined that they could get away with further esca-lating hate-mongering against racial and religious minorities with one tweak: call them Muslims and mi-grants. Hatred, it seems, is fungible. Not surprisingly, the politics of fear, historical revisionism, and national grievances have found expression in the ruling party’s foreign policy too. The most alarming example has been Hun-gary’s opportunistic approach to Ukraine following Russia’s 2014 inva-sion, with Hungary’s rhetoric often echoing Moscow’s. Overall, the Hun-garian Government’s approach sug-gests that it is not interested in a dia-logue about the Hungarian minority in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.052 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2920 May 24, 2018 
Ukraine, but in finding a new political enemy. The fact that this is music to Vladimir Putin’s ears may be just a co-incidence. In any case, Hungary’s posture re-garding Russia is unusual in the re-gion, to say the least. As suggested in the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee Report we issued on ‘‘Putin’s Asymmetric Assault,’’ Russian disinformation isn’t just creeping in over the transom; the Hungarian Gov-ernment has opened the door and put out a welcome mat. Paradoxically, however, while Prime Minister Orban may tilt his country to east, Hungar-ians themselves remain among the most pro-European Union of Europeans and many still vote with their feet, forming a steady exodus west. In fact, the outward exodus is contributing to an emerging labor shortage. It is not surprising that Hungary gets compared to Russia: the nongovern-mental organization, NGO, Law adopt-ed in Budapest last year was inspired by Russia, proposed by Jobbik, and passed by Fidesz, but there are still big differences between Hungary and Rus-sia. Journalists are not murdered in Hungary, and no one goes to jail for his or her opinions. Instead, Hungary is using a fist in a velvet glove to silence civil society and thwart political dis-sent without ever leaving a mark. Viktor Orban has mastered nonviolent means of repression. He has used the renationalization of segments of the economy, the recentralization of state authority, and the kleptocratic control of putatively private business to sty-mie opposition and dissent. I know po-litical analysts are using a lot of dif-ferent terms to describe the specific system that has emerged in Hungary under Orban—illiberal or mafia state? Oligarchy or kleptocracy? One of the most apt may be ‘‘goulash authoritarianism.’’ There are worrying signs that things may get worse before they get better. Viktor Orban now appears set to fulfill his campaign pledge to extract ‘‘moral, political and legal’’ retribution from those who opposed him. He welcomed the publication of an ‘‘enemies list’’ containing some 200 names—including numerous American citizens—and urged the close-to-Orban media to do more to root them out. This is the kind of smear campaign that often comes just before the gloves come off and the blows begin. Under these challenging cir-cumstances, the United States needs to speak with a clear and unambiguous voice. As Senator C
ORKER said at the confirmation hearing last week, ‘‘Mr. Cornstein will have the important task of reminding the Government of Hun-gary that its future lies not in a return to the dark days of the past but in re-maining an active member of the com-munity of liberal democracies.’’ Mes-sages delivered behind closed doors are likely to have little effect or may even be completely misrepresented in public by Hungarian officials. The United States will always have a relationship with Hungary, but the question is: What kind of relationship will that be? One built on deeply shared values or only fleeting trans-actional interests? Our strongest alli-ances are with countries where human rights are respected and democracy is strong, and that is the kind of relation-ship I hope Mr. Cornstein will help build. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DENNIS AND BARBARA RAINEY ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and honor Dennis and Barbara Rainey. The Raineys are residents of Little Rock in my home State of Arkansas. They are cofounders of FamilyLife, a Christian ministry committed to helping marriages and families. Dennis and Barbara have been mar-ried since 1972. They have six children and a growing number of grand-children. Their ministry, which is fo-cused on strengthening marriage and the family, has grown into a nationally recognized brand that includes mar-riage conferences and cruises, books, devotionals, and public speaking en-gagements. FamilyLife reaches an esti-mated 60,000 people each year with its ‘‘Weekend To Remember’’ events for couples. Dennis can be heard daily as host of the nationally syndicated radio pro-gram ‘‘FamilyLife Today’’ on more than 1,100 radio stations/outlets in nearly all 50 States. Together, they have authored or coauthored more than 35 books, and Barbara recently launched a new home decor line and teaching resource to help families and especially women express their faith in their homes. FamilyLife has grown into a dynamic ministry that has reached more than 109 countries across the world. Dennis and Barbara truly live out their faith every day in their roles as teachers, speakers, parents, grand-parents, mentors, friends, and neigh-bors. They have been pivotal members of the faith community in Little Rock, as well as throughout our State and the country. My wife, Cathy, and I have been blessed by and treasured the friendship and mentorship of Dennis and Barbara since the start of their ministry. We are very proud of the important, affirming work that they have been doing for decades. Taking this oppor-tunity to celebrate Dennis and Barbara and their legacy shows just how much of an impact they have had on their community and beyond over many years. We are grateful for them and wish them well in the years ahead. May God bless the Raineys and the work they have left to do in service of His King-dom. Our marriages and families are certainly better for it.∑ TRIBUTE TO CHRIS KOLSTAD ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Chris Kolstad of Liberty County for his years of dedication to Montana agri-culture. Chris is a fourth-generation farmer in Montana’s Golden Triangle. For the past 100 years, wheat has paid the bills for his family and put food on people’s plates, and that will continue moving forward with his son Cory as a partner on the family farm. Chris and his wife, Vicki, have four children, and Chris’s father Allen Kolstad served as Mon-tana’s Lieutenant Governor from 1989– 1991. While Chris runs an impressive and successful operation on the farm, it is his involvement in the community that makes him stand out. He has been an active member of the Montana Grain Growers Association, as well as the Montana Farm Bureau. In February of 2016, Chris was elected secretary-treas-urer of U.S. Wheat Associates. Most re-cently, Chris was elected chairman of the U.S. Wheat Associates. Chris works hard to ensure that U.S. wheat is the best in the world. While pushing for that, he proudly represents Montana’s farmers and ranchers. I con-gratulate and thank Chris for his years of hard work and dedication to Mon-tana’s farmers and ranchers. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VAUGHN GRAHAM ∑Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize my good friend Mr. Vaughn Graham as he nears the end of his term as the 113th chairman of the Nation’s largest insurance association, the Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of America, also known as the Big ‘‘I.’’ He was installed as chairman of the Big ‘‘I’’ in September 2017 in Chi-cago, IL, and over the past year, he has done an amazing job of piloting the as-sociation as a strong and thoughtful leader for independent insurance agents across the country. Vaughn graduated from the Univer-sity of Oklahoma and is currently the president of Rich & Cartmill, Inc., headquartered in Tulsa, OK, and with offices in Oklahoma City; Ozark, MO; Olathe, KS; and Greeley, CO. He is a past chairman of the Independent In-surance Agents of Oklahoma, IIAO, and has served as the Oklahoma director to the Big ‘‘I’’ national board of directors. He was recognized in 2012 with IIAO’s highest honor, the Eagle of Excellence Award. On the national association level, Graham has chaired the Membership Services, Inc., board and has served on several Big ‘‘I’’ committees and boards including the Big ‘‘I’’ advantage board, InsurPac board of trustees, and the Large Agents and Brokers Council. In addition, he has been engaged as a member of several insurance compa-nies’ agent advisory councils. I would also like to recognize Candace Graham, Vaughn’s esteemed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.048 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2921 May 24, 2018 
wife. Vaughn has been married to his wife, Candace, for more than 40 years. Together, they reside in Tulsa, OK, and they have two adult children, Hayden and Vaughn, Jr., and five grand-children. Graham is also active in his community with charitable and civic organizations. He is a member of Lead-ership Tulsa, the Rotary Club of Tulsa, and is a volunteer mentor to students of Celia Clinton Elementary School. The State of Oklahoma is proud of Vaughn Graham and wishes him and Candace well following his successful year as chairman of the Big ‘‘I.’’ ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAINE EMPLOYERS’ MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to honor and recognize the Maine Employers’ Mutual Insurance Com-pany, MEMIC, a workers’ compensa-tion company based in Portland, ME. MEMIC was recently recognized as the best workers’ compensation company in the country according to a New York nonprofit that analyzes health in-surance companies. A cause for cele-bration in itself, MEMIC also cele-brates its 25th anniversary this year. One of the greatest success stories in Maine’s history, MEMIC revolutionized workplace safety by focusing directly on case management and results. Prior to its incorporation, the workers com-pensation system was in peril, nega-tively affecting Maine’s economy and workplace environment. Insurance companies that offered workers’ com-pensation were steadily bailing, as costs of writing policies increased. Li-ability costs climbed as work-related injuries reached peak in the early 1990s. MEMIC’s mission was founded on a need for change; both employees and employers need to feel protected from mishap and accidents. By prioritizing fair and equal treat-ment of all stakeholders, MEMIC helped Maine’s economy avert a crisis. In 1993, Governor John McKernan, Jr., signed legislation that reformed work-er safety and appointed a board of di-rectors to set attainable goals and ac-countability. By its third year, work-place injuries in Maine had dropped to the lowest level in over 16 years, lead-ing to a significant drop in premiums. By its fifth year, MEMIC was able to partially return investment capital to its policyholders with a promise to re-turn the rest within the next 5 years. In addition to lowering costs, reducing fraud, and boosting the economy, MEMIC reinforced transparency, social accountability, and market stability for business leaders. That trend con-tinues to this day when, in November 2017, MEMIC announced that approxi-mately 18,000 employers who purchased insurance through MEMIC would share in a $21 million dividend, the highest shareholder return in history, and a true reward for improving workplace safety and helping injured workers get well and back to work as soon as pos-sible. That is money going directly back into Maine’s economy through private, public, and nonprofit sectors in all 16 counties. Since 1998, MEMIC has returned more than $240 million to Maine policyholders, a truly remark-able track record and testament to its integral role and value in strength-ening Maine’s workforce and economy. With a 25-year foundation of success, MEMIC’s current management and leadership team continue this strong commitment to a work environment conducive to innovation, as well as workplace safety and fair claims man-agement. I commend MEMIC for its groundbreaking history, stabilizing Maine’s economy and revolutionizing the workers’ compensation industry. ∑ 
f 
CENTENNIAL OF THE AMERICAN LEGION DEPARTMENT OF MICHI-GAN ∑Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, today I wish to pay special tribute to the American Legion Department of Michigan, which this year is cele-brating its 100th convention. When the American Legion was char-tered by Congress 1919, its members were veterans of what was termed the War to End All Wars: World War I. They served alongside people like John F. Roehl, a former major in the Air Service and chief inspector for the De-troit Department of Health, first com-mander of American Legion Post 1 in Warren; Captain James Wilson, who was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross and received a citation for brav-ery in action from General John Per-shing, first commander of Post 36 in Kalamazoo; and Lilly Larson of Ishpeming, who served in the U.S. Army Nurse Corps and today is the namesake of American Legion Post 114 in Greenwood. Today’s American Legion members have served on many fronts and in many capacities. However, they share a few key attributes with the American Legion’s very first members. They all have a deep and profound love for this country. They all have served in uni-form with honor, and they all are dedi-cated to continuing to serve their com-munities, their country, and their fel-low veterans. They do this in as many ways as there are American Legion posts in big cities, small towns, and rural areas across Michigan and across this coun-try. Post 44 in Marquette sponsors a youth hockey team, which gives area young people a chance to stay active and involved during those months when the snow is a bit too deep in the Upper Peninsula to play American Le-gion baseball. Post 459 in Grand Rapids teams up with organizations including the Chil-dren’s Advocacy Center of Kent County to raise funds to support children who are victims of abuse and to build com-munities where all young people are re-spected and safe. Post 202 in Detroit has a strong focus on connecting young people in south-east Michigan with educational and service opportunities, including Boys State, Student Trooper, JROTC, and college scholarships. Post 68 in Paw Paw hosts an ‘‘All Gave Some . . . Some Gave All’’ golf outing to raise money for items like Trackchairs, so that wounded Michigan warriors can continue to enjoy the ac-tive, offroad life so many people in our State enjoy. Whether they are finding housing for homeless veterans, connecting sepa-rating servicemembers with employ-ment opportunities, supporting mili-tary families, or inspiring the next generation of patriots, every day, American Legion members are doing all they can to build stronger commu-nities and a stronger country. Their hard work and dedication is a testament to their organization and to the values that have been the founda-tion of the American Legion from the beginning: love of country, respect for continued service, promotion of a strong national defense, and devotion to their fellow servicemembers and veterans. For a century, the American Legion has made sure that the voices of our veterans are heard and their service and sacrifice have not been forgotten. On its 100th anniversary, it is my honor to do the same for them. Thank you.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgeway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 9:50 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 204. An act to authorize the use of unap-proved medical products by patients diag-nosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. S. 2155. An act to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. S. 2372. An act to establish a permanent community care program for veterans, to es-tablish a commission for the purpose of mak-ing recommendations regarding the mod-ernization or realignment of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration, to improve construction of the Department of Veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.041 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2922 May 24, 2018 
Affairs, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill, S. 204, was subse-quently signed by the Vice President. The enrolled bill, S. 2155, was subse-quently signed by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The enrolled bill, S. 2372, was subse-quently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The message also announced that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. A
RRINGTON ) has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 292. An act to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. S. 1282. An act to redesignate certain clin-ics of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated in Montana. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, May 24, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 204. An act to authorize the use of unap-proved medical products by patients diag-nosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. S. 292. An act to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. S. 1282. An act to redesignate certain clin-ics of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated in Montana. S. 2155. An act to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5312. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pydiflumetofen; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9976–66) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–5313. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revi-sions to the Unverified List (UVL)’’ (RIN0694–AH54) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5314. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Voluntary Commitments to Reduce In-dustrial Energy Intensity’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5315. A communication from the Acting Director, Bureau of Ocean Energy Manage-ment, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Re-port to Congress: The Comprehensive Inven-tory of U.S. Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Natural Gas Resources—2018 Update’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–5316. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Non-attainment Plans for the Lemont and Pekin SO2 Nonattainment Areas; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9978–43–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–5317. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Volatile Organic Compounds Definition’’ (FRL No. 9978–45–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5318. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; OR; Infrastruc-ture Requirements for the 2010 Nitrogen Di-oxide, 2010 Sulfur Dioxide, and 2012 Fine Par-ticulate Matter Standards’’ (FRL No. 9978– 47–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5319. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Rhode Island; En-hanced Motor Vehicle Inspection and Main-tenance Program’’ (FRL No. 9978–30–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5320. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Louisiana; 2008 8-hour Ozone Maintenance Plan Revision for Baton Rouge’’ (FRL No. 9978–44–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5321. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Antelope Valley Air Quality Manage-ment District’’ (FRL No. 9977–86–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5322. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ocean Disposal; Temporary Modifica-tion of an Ocean Dredged Material Disposal Site in Massachusetts Bay’’ (FRL No. 9978– 57–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5323. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Expiration Date for Endocrine Disorders Body System Listings’’ (RIN0960–AI28) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5324. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Depart-ment of State 2018 Civil Monetary Penalties Inflationary Adjustment’’ (RIN1400–AE50) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2018; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5325. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and the Semiannual Management Report on the Sta-tus of Audits for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5326. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and the Semiannual Management Report on the Sta-tus of Audits for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. f PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–237. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the State of Ha-waii urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to mitigate the high, disproportionately ad-verse impacts of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 on Hawaii citizens by increasing fed-eral funding of Hawaii housing initiatives; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 187 Whereas, Hawaii’s cost of living is the highest in the nation; and Whereas, utility costs in Hawaii are 106.5 percent higher than national average; and Whereas, housing costs in Hawaii are 103.3 percent higher than the national average; and Whereas, the national median price of a single-family home is currently $241,700, while the median price in Hawaii is cur-rently $772,000; and Whereas, experts estimate that Hawaii faces a shortage of five thousand housing units, illustrating the depth of the State’s housing crisis; and Whereas, the median age of a single-family home in Hawaii is between thirty to thirty- nine years old, which is disproportionately older than the median age in other states; and Whereas, the older age of Hawaii homes means homeowners often invest considerable amounts for repairs and upgrades; and Whereas, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 reduces the debt amount eligible for the mortgage interest deduction from $1,000,000 to only $750,000, and eliminates the tax de-duction interest on home equity loans if the loan proceeds are used for purposes unrelated to the taxpayer’s home; and Whereas, many tax credits that benefit persons with lower incomes will sunset in 2027, creating a more regressive tax system with higher tax liabilities for those who can afford it least; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.012 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2923 May 24, 2018 
Whereas, the changes created by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 will affect a dis-proportionately high percentage of Hawaii residents compared to other states because of Hawaii’s unique physical and economic environment; and Whereas, Hawaii currently ranks as one of the states that is least dependent on federal aid, with federal assistance comprising only 22.8 percent of general revenues: Now, be it Resolved, By the House of Representatives of the Twenty ninth Legislature of the State of Hawaii, Regular Session of 2018, that the President of the United States and the United States Congress are urged to mitigate the high, disproportionately adverse impacts of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 on Ha-waii citizens by increasing federal funding of Hawaii housing initiatives; and be it further Resolved, That the President of the United States and the United States Congress are urged to request the United States Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development to increase funding levels to Hawaii programs, regardless of potential budget cuts to that department in pending federal appropria-tions bills; and be it further Resolved, That certified copies of this Reso-lution be transmitted to the President of the United States, Vice President of the United States, Majority Leader of the United States Senate, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, members of Hawaii’s congressional delegation, United States Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, Governor, Director of Human Services, and Executive Director of the Hawaii Public Housing Authority. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 1397. A bill to authorize, direct, facili-tate, and expedite the transfer of administra-tive jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–257). By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 2975. An original bill making appropria-tions for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–258). By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 2976. An original bill making appropria-tions for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–259). By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2019’’ (Rept. No. 115–260). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 386. A resolution urging the Gov-ernment of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to fulfill its agreement to hold cred-ible elections, comply with constitutional limits on presidential terms, and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a democratic transition of power by taking concrete and measurable steps towards holding elections not later than December 2018 as outlined in the existing election calendar, and allowing for freedom of expression and association. By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2602. A bill to support carbon dioxide utilization and direct air capture research, to facilitate the permitting and development of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestra-tion projects and carbon dioxide pipelines, and for other purposes. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-nance. John J. Bartrum, of Indiana, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. Alan D. Albright, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Texas. Thomas S. Kleeh, of West Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the North-ern District of West Virginia. Peter J. Phipps, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Michael J. Truncale, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of Texas. Wendy Vitter, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of Louisiana. Erica H. MacDonald, of Minnesota, to be United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota for the term of four years. Scott Patrick Illing, of Louisiana, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern Dis-trict of Louisiana for the term of four years. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 2945. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a housing choice voucher mobility dem-onstration to encourage families receiving the voucher assistance to move to lower-pov-erty areas and expand access to opportunity areas; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. C ORNYN ): S. 2946. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 2947. A bill to establish the Caddo Lake National Heritage Area, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself, Mr. J
OHNSON , and Mr. C ARPER ): S. 2948. A bill to improve efforts to identify and reduce Governmentwide improper pay-ments, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. PERDUE: S. 2949. A bill to direct the Secretary of De-fense to carry out certain activities to en-sure the readiness of the Department of De-fense with respect to joint electromagnetic spectrum operations; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CASEY: S. 2950. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow credits for the es-tablishment of franchises by veterans; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Ms. WARREN ): S. 2951. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish a grant program for projects to strengthen and protect vul-nerable infrastructure used during mass evacuations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. C
APITO , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCH-
ER, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. E NZI, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mrs. E RNST , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. S MITH, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. N EL-
SON, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. C
ORNYN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. R EED, and Mr. M ANCHIN ): S. 2952. A bill to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to establish pro-tections against congressional sexual harass-ment and discrimination, and for other pur-poses; considered and passed. By Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. H
ELL-
ER, Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. K ENNEDY ): S. 2953. A bill to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to expand access for rural- area small businesses, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 2954. A bill to provide for the award of medals or other commendations to handlers of military working dogs and military work-ing dogs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Ms. H
AS-
SAN, and Mr. M ORAN ): S. 2955. A bill to reform the Mobility Fund Phase II challenge process conducted by the Federal Communications Commission; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. 2956. A bill to intensify stem cell re-search showing evidence of substantial clin-ical benefit to patients, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. M ARKEY ): S. 2957. A bill to amend the Horse Protec-tion Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 2958. A bill to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to make the provi-sion of Wi-Fi access on school buses eligible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.020 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2924 May 24, 2018 
for E-rate support; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 2959. A bill to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to establish the Of-fice of Rural Broadband, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BOOKER: S. 2960. A bill to require health insurance for the treatment of infertility; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. Y
OUNG , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. C
APITO , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. B URR, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. R OUNDS , Mrs. F ISCHER , and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 2961. A bill to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. 2962. A bill to advocate for Taiwan’s in-clusion in certain international organiza-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 2963. A bill to repeal the prohibition on the transfer of articles on the United States Munitions List to the Republic of Cyprus; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. 2964. A bill to amend the Competitive, Special, and Facilities Research Grant Act and the Department of Agriculture Reorga-nization Act of 1994 to further plant cultivar research, development, and commercializa-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. 2965. A bill to amend the Children’s On-line Privacy Protection Act of 1998 to give Americans the option to delete personal in-formation collected by internet operators as a result of the person’s internet activity prior to age 13; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. 2966. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require donor disclosure for certain organizations accept-ing donations from foreign nationals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 2967. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a penalty for assault against journalists, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 2968. A bill to amend the Energy Reorga-nization Act of 1974 to clarify whistleblower rights and protections, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. 2969. A bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to im-prove water or waste disposal grants or di-rect or guaranteed loans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 2970. A bill to amend the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 to provide require-ments on the use of assistance for broadband deployment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 2971. A bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to prohibit animal fighting in the United States territories; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. THUNE: S. 2972. A bill to prioritize the allocation of H–2B visas for States with low unemploy-ment rates; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mr. MORAN , Mr. B LUNT , and Mrs. F ISCH-
ER): S. 2973. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require providers of a covered service to provide location informa-tion concerning the telecommunications de-vice of a user of such service to an investiga-tive or law enforcement officer or an em-ployee or other agent of a public safety an-swering point in an emergency situation in-volving risk of death or serious physical harm or in order to respond to the user’s call for emergency services; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. 2974. A bill to amend section 923 of title 18, United States Code, to require an elec-tronic, searchable database of the importa-tion, production, shipment, receipt, sale, or other disposition of firearms; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ALEXANDER: S. 2975. An original bill making appropria-tions for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. HOEVEN: S. 2976. An original bill making appropria-tions for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. 2977. A bill to secure the technological edge of the United States in civil and mili-tary aviation; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN , and Mr. C ARDIN ): S. 2978. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to modify the conservation re-serve enhancement program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. P AUL, Mr. F
LAKE , and Mr. S ASSE): S. 2979. A bill to rescind certain budget au-thority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Im-poundment Control Act 1974; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations and the Committee on the Budget, concurrently, pursuant to the order of January 30, 1975, as modified by the order of April 11, 1986, with instructions that the Budget Committee be authorized to re-port its views to the Appropriations Com-mittee, and that the latter alone be author-ized to report the bill. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. C
OTTON ): S. 2980. A bill to improve the missile de-fense capabilities of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. K
AINE): S. 2981. A bill to provide certain protec-tions from civil liability with respect to the emergency administration of opioid overdose drugs; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Mr. PETERS , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): S. 2982. A bill to make trade adjustment assistance available to workers whose jobs are eliminated through automation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 2983. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to improve the essential air service program; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. CARDIN: S. 2984. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide greater access to higher education for America’s students, to eliminate educational barriers for partici-pation in a public service career, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. HYDE–SMITH: S. Res. 522. A resolution designating the week of September 23 through September 29, 2018 as ‘‘Gold Star Families Remembrance Week’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. S ANDERS , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. Res. 523. A resolution encouraging com-panies to apply privacy protections included in the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union to citizens of the United States; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R EED, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. C OONS , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. Res. 524. A resolution expressing support for the designation of June 1 through June 3, 2018 as ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Weekend’’ and June 2018 as ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Month’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. Res. 525. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2018 as National Democracy Month as a time to reflect on the contributions of the system of government of the United States to a more free and stable world; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): S. Res. 526. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that politicians should not interfere with a woman’s personal health care decisions or attempt to prevent pro-viders from offering their full medical rec-ommendations to their patients; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , and Mr. I SAKSON ): S. Res. 527. A resolution congratulating the people of Georgia on the 100th anniversary of its declaration of independence as a demo-cratic republic and reaffirming the strength of the relationship between the United States and Georgia; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Ms. H
AR-
RIS, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.025 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2925 May 24, 2018 
CAPITO , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Ms. S MITH, Mr. K
ING, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mrs. F
ISCHER ): S. Res. 528. A resolution designating the week of May 20 through May 26, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Public Works Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. S
COTT, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. R UBIO, Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Res. 529. A resolution promoting minor-ity health awareness and supporting the goals and ideals of National Minority Health Month in April 2018, which include bringing attention to the health disparities faced by minority populations of the United States such as American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Asian Americans, African Americans, His-panics, and Native Hawaiians or other Pa-cific Islanders; considered and agreed to. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. K
AINE, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. Res. 530. A resolution recognizing the significance of Asian/Pacific American Herit-age Month as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Ameri-cans and Pacific Islanders to the history of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN): S. Res. 531. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 2018 as ‘‘National Brain Tumor Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 207 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 207, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act relating to controlled substance analogues. 
S. 486 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 486, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to com-plex rehabilitative wheelchairs and ac-cessories. 
S. 538 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 538, a bill to clarify research and development for wood products, and for other purposes. 
S. 833 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 833, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand health care and benefits from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for mili-tary sexual trauma, and for other pur-poses. S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion against individuals with disabil-ities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes. 
S. 974 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 974, a bill to pro-mote competition in the market for drugs and biological products by facili-tating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products. 
S. 1086 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1086, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to remove the prohibition on eligibility for TRICARE Reserve Se-lect of members of the reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces who are eli-gible to enroll in a health benefits plan under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. 
S. 1730 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1730, a bill to implement policies to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally. 
S. 1835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1835, a bill to provide sup-port to States to establish invisible high-risk pool or reinsurance pro-grams. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1989, a bill to enhance transparency and accountability for online political advertisements by requiring those who purchase and publish such ads to dis-close information about the advertise-ments to the public, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2001 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2001, a bill to establish a State public option through Medicaid to pro-vide Americans with the choice of a high-quality, low-cost health insurance plan. 
S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. VANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from California (Ms. H
AR-
RIS), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
UR-
RAY) were added as cosponsors of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, bravery, and serv-ice to the United States. 
S. 2221 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2221, a bill to repeal the multi-State plan program. 
S. 2237 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2237, a bill to amend the Federal Finan-cial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of depository institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2314 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2314, a bill to increase the number of U.S. Customs and Border Protection Office of Field Operations officers and support staff and to re-quire reports that identify staffing, in-frastructure, and equipment needed to enhance security at ports of entry. 
S. 2353 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2353, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to report on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes. 
S. 2374 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2374, a bill to amend the Improper Pay-ments Elimination and Recovery Im-provement Act of 2012, including mak-ing changes to the Do Not Pay Initia-tive, for improved detection, preven-tion, and recovery of improper pay-ments to deceased individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2591 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2591, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with re-spect to arbitration. 
S. 2645 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2645, a bill to establish a dem-onstration program under which the Drug Enforcement Administration pro-vides grants to certain States to enable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.027 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2926 May 24, 2018 
those States to increase participation in drug take-back programs. 
S. 2652 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from Kan-sas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Sen-ator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of S. 2652, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason. 
S. 2667 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the name of the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2667, a bill to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for State and Tribal regulation of hemp production, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2708 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2708, a bill to provide for the es-tablishment of Medicare part E public health plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2736, a bill to develop a long-term stra-tegic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific re-gion, and for other purposes. 
S. 2756 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Ne-vada (Mr. H
ELLER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2756, a bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to direct the Se-curities and Exchange Commission to revise the regulations of the Commis-sion regarding the qualifications of natural persons as accredited inves-tors. 
S. 2762 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2762, a bill to amend the Farm Se-curity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to support opportunities for begin-ning farmers and ranchers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2789 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2789, a bill to prevent substance abuse and reduce demand for illicit narcotics. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the news-print and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. S. 2836 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2836, a bill to assist the Department of Homeland Security in preventing emerging threats from unmanned air-craft and vehicles, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2863 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2863, a bill to re-quire the Secretary of the Treasury to mint a coin in commemoration of the opening of the National Law Enforce-ment Museum in the District of Colum-bia, and for other purposes. 
S. 2886 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2886, a bill to amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to reinstate the ban on the export of crude oil and nat-ural gas produced in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2930 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2930, a bill to provide that Congress may not recess, adjourn, or consider other matters after August 1 of any year if Congress has not ap-proved a concurrent resolution on the budget and passed the regular appro-priations bills with respect to the next fiscal year. 
S. 2938 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2938, a bill to re-quire the Secretary of Transportation to modify provisions relating to hours of service requirements with respect to transportation of livestock and insects, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 5 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 5, a joint resolution removing the deadline for the ratification of the equal rights amendment. 
S. RES. 435 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 435, a resolution express-ing the sense of the Senate that the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian Famine of 1932–1933, known as the Holodomor, should serve as a reminder of repressive Soviet policies against the people of Ukraine. 
S. RES. 460 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. HARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 460, a resolution condemning Boko Haram and calling on the Gov-ernments of the United States of Amer-ica and Nigeria to swiftly implement measures to defeat the terrorist orga-nization. 
S. RES. 508 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 508, a resolution supporting the goals of Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome International Awareness Day. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. C ORNYN ): S. 2946. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2946 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Anti-Ter-rorism Clarification Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION OF THE TERM ‘‘ACT OF WAR’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2331 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) the term ‘military force’ does not in-clude any person that— ‘‘(A) has been designated as a— ‘‘(i) foreign terrorist organization by the Secretary of State under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or ‘‘(ii) Specially Designated Global Terrorist (as such term is defined in section 594.310 of the Code of Federal Regulations) by the Sec-retary of State or the Secretary of the Treasury; or ‘‘(B) has been determined by the court to not be a ‘military force’.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any civil ac-tion pending on or commenced after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. SATISFACTION OF JUDGMENTS AGAINST TERRORISTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2333 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting at the end following: ‘‘(e) U
SE OF BLOCKED ASSETS TO SATISFY  J
UDGMENTS OF U.S. N ATIONALS .—For pur- poses of section 201 of the Terrorism Risk In-surance Act of 2002 (28 U.S.C. 1610 note), in any action in which a national of the United States has obtained a judgment against a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.022 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2927 May 24, 2018 
terrorist party pursuant to this section, the term ‘blocked asset’ shall include any asset of that terrorist party (including the blocked assets of any agency or instrumentality of that party) seized or frozen by the United States under section 805(b) of the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (21 U.S.C. 1904(b)).’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any judgment entered before, on, or after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 4. CONSENT OF CERTAIN PARTIES TO PER-SONAL JURISDICTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2334 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
ONSENT OF CERTAIN PARTIES TO PER-
SONAL JURISDICTION .—For purposes of any civil action under section 2333 of this title, a defendant shall be deemed to have consented to personal jurisdiction in such civil action if, regardless of the date of the occurrence of the act of international terrorism upon which such civil action was filed, the defend-ant— ‘‘(1) after the date of enactment of this subsection, accepts— ‘‘(A) assistance under chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2346 et seq.); or ‘‘(B) assistance under section 481 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291) for international narcotics control and law enforcement; or ‘‘(2) in the case of a defendant benefiting from a waiver or suspension of section 1003 of the Anti-Terrorism Act of 1987 (22 U.S.C. 5202)— ‘‘(A) after the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, continues to maintain any office, head-quarters, premises, or other facilities or es-tablishments within the jurisdiction of the United States; or ‘‘(B) after the date of enactment of this subsection, establishes or procures any of-fice, headquarters, premises, or other facili-ties or establishments within the jurisdic-tion of the United States.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any civil ac-tion filed after the date of enactment of this Act. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mrs. C APITO , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. R OBERTS , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. E NZI, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mrs. E RNST , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. C RUZ, Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. S MITH, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. N
ELSON , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R
EED, and Mr. M ANCHIN ): S. 2952. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to es-tablish protections against congres-sional sexual harassment and discrimi-nation, and for other purposes; consid-ered and passed. S. 2952 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES IN ACT; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES IN ACT.—Except as other-wise expressly provided in this Act, wherever an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to or repeal of a sec-tion or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to that section or other provision of the Congressional Ac-countability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.). (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; references in Act; table of contents. TITLE I—REFORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES Subtitle A—Reform of Procedures for Initiation and Resolution of Claims Sec. 101. Description of procedures available for consideration of alleged vio-lations. Sec. 102. Reform of process for initiation of procedures. Sec. 103. Availability of mediation during process. Sec. 104. Hearings. Subtitle B—Other Reforms Sec. 111. Requiring Members of Congress to reimburse treasury for damages paid as settlements and awards for certain violations. Sec. 112. Automatic referral to congres-sional ethics committees of dis-position of certain claims alleg-ing violations of Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 in-volving Members of Congress and senior staff. Sec. 113. Availability of option to request re-mote work assignment or paid leave of absence during pend-ency of procedures. Sec. 114. Modification of rules on confiden-tiality of proceedings. Sec. 115. Reimbursement by other employ-ing offices of legislative branch of payments of certain awards and settlements. TITLE II—IMPROVING OPERATIONS OF OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS Sec. 201. Reports on awards and settlements. Sec. 202. Workplace climate surveys of em-ploying offices. Sec. 203. Record retention. Sec. 204. Confidential Advisor. Sec. 205. GAO study of management prac-tices. Sec. 206. GAO audit of cybersecurity. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS REFORMS Sec. 301. Application of Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008. Sec. 302. Extension to unpaid staff of rights and protections against em-ployment discrimination. Sec. 303. Provisions relating to instrumen-talities. Sec. 304. Notices. Sec. 305. Clarification of coverage of em-ployees of Stennis Center and Helsinki and China Commis-sions. Sec. 306. Training and education programs of other employing offices. Sec. 307. Support for out-of-area covered em-ployees. Sec. 308. Renaming Office of Compliance as Office of Congressional Work-place Rights. TITLE IV—EFFECTIVE DATE Sec. 401. Effective date. TITLE I—REFORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES Subtitle A—Reform of Procedures for Initiation and Resolution of Claims SEC. 101. DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURES AVAIL-ABLE FOR CONSIDERATION OF AL-LEGED VIOLATIONS. 
(a) P ROCEDURES DESCRIBED .—Section 401 (2 U.S.C. 1401) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 401. PROCEDURE FOR CONSIDERATION OF ALLEGED VIOLATIONS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING OF CLAIMS .—Except as other-wise provided in this Act, the procedure for consideration of an alleged violation of part A of title II consists of— ‘‘(1) notification of intent to file, and filing of, a claim by the covered employee alleging the violation, as provided in section 402, which may be followed, as described in sec-tion 403(a), with mediation under section 403; and ‘‘(2) an election of proceeding, as provided in this section, of— ‘‘(A) a formal hearing as provided in sec-tion 405, subject to Board review as provided in section 406, and judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fed-eral Circuit as provided in section 407; ‘‘(B) a civil action in a district court of the United States as provided in section 408; or ‘‘(C) in the case of a Library claimant (as defined in subsection (d)(1)), a proceeding de-scribed in subsection (d)(2) that relates to the violation at issue. ‘‘(b) E
LECTION OF FORMAL HEARING OR CIVIL A
CTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A covered employee who seeks to make— ‘‘(A) the election described in subsection (a)(2)(A) shall file the request for the formal hearing as provided in section 405(a)(1), by the deadline described in paragraph (2); or ‘‘(B) the election described in subsection (a)(2)(B) shall file the civil action as provided in section 408, by the deadline described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) D
EADLINE FOR ELECTION .—The deadline described in this paragraph shall be 90 days after the later of— ‘‘(A) the date on which either party opts out of mediation under section 402(c); or ‘‘(B) the end of the period of mediation under section 403(c). ‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF ELECTION .—If the covered employee— ‘‘(A) elects to file a request for a formal hearing as provided in section 405(a), the pro-cedure for consideration of the claim shall not include a civil action or other proceeding described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of sub-section (a)(2); or ‘‘(B) elects to file a civil action as provided in section 408(a), the procedure for consider-ation of the claim shall not include any for-mal hearing, review, or other proceeding de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (C) of sub-section (a)(2). ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ARCHITECT OF THE  C
APITOL AND CAPITOL POLICE .—In the case of an employee of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol or of the Capitol Police, the Of-fice, after receiving a claim filed under sec-tion 402, may recommend that the employee use, for a specific period of time, the griev-ance procedures of the Architect of the Cap-itol or the Capitol Police for resolution of the employee’s grievance. If the grievance procedures do not resolve the grievance, the employee may resume the procedure de-scribed in subsection (a), starting with sec-tion 403, except that the deadline for opting out of mediation under that section shall be 10 business days after the last day of the grievance procedures. ‘‘(d) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES FOR LIBRARY OF  C
ONGRESS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.028 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2928 May 24, 2018 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) D
IRECT ACT .—The term ‘direct Act’ means an Act (other than this Act), or provi-sion of the Revised Statutes, that is specified in section 201, 202, or 203. ‘‘(B) D
IRECT PROVISION .—The term ‘direct provision’ means a provision (including a definitional provision) of a direct Act that applies the rights or protections of a direct Act (including rights and protections relat-ing to nonretaliation or noncoercion) to a Library claimant. ‘‘(C) L
IBRARY CLAIMANT .—The term ‘Li-brary claimant’ means, with respect to a di-rect provision, an employee of the Library of Congress who is covered by that direct provi-sion. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INITIALLY  
BROUGHT UNDER THIS ACT .—A Library claim-ant who initially files a claim for an alleged violation as provided in section 402 may, in-stead of proceeding with the claim in accord-ance with sections 403 (if applicable) and 405 or filing a civil action in accordance with section 408, during the period described in subsection (b)(2) but before the Office com-mences a formal hearing under section 405, elect to bring the claim for a proceeding be-fore the corresponding Federal agency, under the corresponding direct provision. ‘‘(3) E
LECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INITIALLY  
BROUGHT UNDER OTHER CIVIL RIGHTS OR LABOR  
LAW.—A Library claimant who initially brings a claim, complaint, or charge under a direct provision for a proceeding before a Federal agency may, prior to requesting a hearing under the agency’s procedures, elect to— ‘‘(A) continue with the agency’s procedures and preserve the option (if any) to bring any civil action relating to the claim, complaint, or charge, that is available to the Library claimant; or ‘‘(B) file a claim with the Office under sec-tion 402, make an election under subpara-graph (A) or (B) of section 401(a)(2), and con-tinue with the corresponding procedures of this subtitle. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .—This subsection shall take effect and shall apply as described in section 153(c) of the Legislative Branch Ap-propriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141) (except to the extent such section applies to any violation of section 210 or a provision of an Act specified in section 210). ‘‘(e) R
IGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS TORETAIN PRI-
VATE COUNSEL .—Nothing in this Act may be construed to limit the authority of any par-ticular individual, including a covered em-ployee, the head of an employing office, or an individual who has a right to intervene under section 415(d)(6), to retain private counsel to protect the interests of the par-ticular individual at any point during any of the procedures provided under this Act for the consideration of an alleged violation of part A of title II, including procedures de-scribed in section 415(d)(6). ‘‘(f) S
TANDARDS FOR DESIGNATED REP-
RESENTATIVES OR UNREPRESENTED PARTIES .— ‘‘(1) S
TANDARDS .—Each designated rep-resentative of a party, and unrepresented party, participating in any of the procedures (including proceedings) provided under this Act shall have an obligation to ensure that, to the best of that designated representative or unrepresented party’s knowledge, infor-mation, and belief, as formed after an in-quiry which is reasonable under the cir-cumstances, each of the following is correct: ‘‘(A) No pleading, written motion, or other paper is presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of resolution of the matter. ‘‘(B) The claims, defenses, and other legal contentions the designated representative or unrepresented party advocates are warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argu-ment for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law or for establishing new law. ‘‘(C) The factual contentions have evi-dentiary support or, if specifically so identi-fied, will likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for discovery. ‘‘(D) The denials of factual contentions are warranted on the evidence or, if specifically so identified, are reasonably based on belief or a lack of information. ‘‘(2) SANCTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a decisionmaker de-scribed in subparagraph (B) determines that a designated representative of a party, or un-represented party, has failed to comply with the standards specified in paragraph (1), then that decisionmaker may impose appropriate sanctions. ‘‘(B) D
ECISIONMAKER .—A decisionmaker de-scribed in subparagraph (A) is— ‘‘(i) a hearing officer or mediator chosen from the list specified in section 405(c)(2), who is not serving as a hearing officer or me-diator to resolve any claim filed under sec-tion 402 that is associated with— ‘‘(I) the designated representative or un-represented party; or ‘‘(II) an individual identified in claim.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATING TO  C
IVIL ACTION .—Section 408(a) (2 U.S.C. 1408(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘section 404’’ and inserting ‘‘section 401’’; (2) by striking ‘‘who has completed coun-seling under section 402 and mediation under section 403’’ and inserting ‘‘who filed a time-ly claim under section 402, elected to file a civil action under section 401(a)(2)(B), and made a timely filing under this section as described in section 401(b)’’; and (3) by striking the second sentence. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— Title IV is amended by striking section 404 (2 U.S.C. 1404). (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 404. 
SEC. 102. REFORM OF PROCESS FOR INITIATION OF PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NITIATION OF PROCEDURES .—Section 402 (2 U.S.C. 1402) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 402. INITIATION OF PROCEDURES. 
‘‘(a) I NTAKE OF CLAIM BY OFFICE .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION OF INTENT TO FILE .—To commence a proceeding under this title, a covered employee alleging a violation of law made applicable under part A of title II shall notify the Office of intent to file a claim with the Office. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION .—On receiving a notifica-tion under paragraph (1), the Office shall pro-vide to the covered employee all relevant in-formation with respect to the employee’s and the employing office’s rights under this Act, the process for filing the claim, and the option for the employee to elect, if the em-ployee so chooses, to file a civil action re-garding the alleged violation. The Office shall discuss the information and covered employee’s claim with the covered employee. The Office shall initiate the procedures de-scribed in this paragraph on the date of the notification. ‘‘(3) F
ILING .—Upon providing the notifica-tion described in paragraph (1), and not later than the expiration of the 180-day period in subsection (e), the covered employee may file the claim. The claim shall be made in writing under oath or affirmation, shall de-scribe the facts that form the basis of the claim and the violation that is being alleged, shall identify the employing office alleged to have committed the violation or in which the violation is alleged to have occurred, and shall be in such form as the Office requires. ‘‘(b) I
NITIAL PROCESSING OF CLAIM.—Upon the filing of a claim by a covered employee under subsection (a), the Office shall take such steps as may be necessary for the ini-tial intake and recording of the claim and shall transmit a copy of the claim to the head of the employing office not later than 3 business days after the date on which the claim is filed. ‘‘(c) MEDIATION .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION OF RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF  
MEDIATION .— ‘‘(A) C
OVERED EMPLOYEE .—Upon receipt of a claim, the Office shall notify the covered employee about the process for mediation under section 403, the right to opt out of the mediation, and the deadline for opting out of the mediation. ‘‘(B) E
MPLOYING OFFICE .—Upon trans-mission to the employing office of the claim pursuant to subsection (b), the Office shall notify the employing office about the proc-ess for mediation under section 403, the right to opt out of the mediation, and the deadline for opting out of the mediation. ‘‘(2) D
EADLINE TO OPT OUT OF MEDIATION .— Either party may opt out of the mediation. The deadline for opting out shall be 10 busi-ness days after the date on which the claim that would be the subject of the mediation is filed. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF ELECTRONIC REPORTING AND  T
RACKING SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT AND OPERATION OF SYS -
TEM.—The Office shall establish and operate an electronic reporting and tracking system through which a covered employee may ini-tiate a proceeding under this title, and which will keep an electronic record of the date and time at which the proceeding is initiated and will track all subsequent actions or pro-ceedings occurring with respect to the pro-ceeding under this title. ‘‘(2) A
CCESSIBILITY TO ALL PARTIES .—The system shall be accessible to all parties to such actions or proceedings, but only until the completion of such actions or pro-ceedings. ‘‘(3) A
SSESSMENT OF EFFECTIVENESS OF PRO -
CEDURES .—The Office shall use the informa-tion contained in the system to make reg-ular assessments of the effectiveness of the procedures under this title in providing for the timely resolution of claims, and shall submit semiannual reports on such assess-ments each year to the Committee on House Administration and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate. ‘‘(e) D
EADLINE .—A covered employee may not file a claim under this section with re-spect to an allegation of a violation of law after the expiration of the 180-day period which begins on the date of the alleged viola-tion. The Office shall not accept a claim that does not meet the requirements of this sub-section. ‘‘(f) N
OEFFECT ON ABILITY OF COVERED EM-
PLOYEE TOSEEKINFORMATION FROM OFFICE  
ORPURSUE RELIEF .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the ability of a covered employee— ‘‘(1) to contact the Office or any other ap-propriate office prior to filing a claim under this title to seek information regarding the employee’s rights under this Act and the procedures available under this Act; or ‘‘(2) in the case of a covered employee of an employing office described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of section 101(9), to refer infor-mation regarding an alleged violation of part A of title II to the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives or the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate (as the case may be).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.032 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2929 May 24, 2018 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by amending the item relating to section 402 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 402. Initiation of procedures.’’. 
SEC. 103. AVAILABILITY OF MEDIATION DURING PROCESS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF MEDIATION .—Section 403(a) (2 U.S.C. 1403(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
VAILABILITY OF MEDIATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Unless the covered em-ployee who filed a claim under section 402 or the employing office named in the claim opts out of mediation by the deadline described in section 402(c)(2), the Office shall promptly assign a mediator to the claim, and conduct such mediation under this section. ‘‘(2) I
MPACT OF DECISION .—A decision by a party to engage in or opt out of mediation as provided in this Act shall not be used for or against the party in any proceeding under this Act.’’. (b) R
EQUIRING PARTIES TOBESEPARATED  D
URING MEDIATION AT REQUEST OF EM-
PLOYEE .—Section 403(b)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1403(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘meetings with the parties separately or jointly’’ and inserting ‘‘meetings with the parties during which, at the request of the covered employee, the par-ties shall be separated,’’. (c) P
ERIOD OF MEDIATION .—Section 403(c) (2 U.S.C. 1403(c)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘be-ginning on the date the request for medi-ation is received’’ and inserting ‘‘beginning on the first day after the deadline described in section 402(c)(2)’’; and (2) by striking the second sentence and in-serting ‘‘The mediation period may be ex-tended for one additional period of 30 days at the joint request of the covered employee and employing office.’’. 
SEC. 104. HEARINGS. 
(a) H EARINGS COMMENCED BY OFFICE OF  C
ONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS .—Section 405 (2 U.S.C. 1405) is amended as follows: (1) In the heading, by striking ‘‘
COMPLAINT  
AND’’. (2) By amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT FOR HEARINGS TOCOM-
MENCE IN OFFICE .— ‘‘(1) H
EARING REQUIRED UPON REQUEST .—If a covered employee elects to file a request for a hearing under this section by the deadline described in paragraph (2), the Executive Di-rector shall appoint an independent hearing officer pursuant to subsection (c) to consider the claim and render a decision, and a hear-ing shall be commenced in the Office. ‘‘(2) D
EADLINE FOR REQUESTING HEARING .— The deadline described in this paragraph shall be 90 days after the later of— ‘‘(A) the date on which either party opts out of mediation under section 402(c); or ‘‘(B) the end of the period of mediation under section 403(c). ‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF FILING CIVIL ACTION .—Not- withstanding paragraph (1), if the covered employee files a civil action as provided in section 408 with respect to a complaint, the provisions of section 401(b)(3)(B) shall apply with regard to a hearing under this sec-tion.’’. (3) In subsection (b), by striking ‘‘dismiss any claim’’ and inserting ‘‘dismiss any cause of action within a claim’’. (4) In subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Upon the filing of a complaint’’ and inserting ‘‘Upon receipt of a request for a hearing in accordance with subsection (a)’’. (5) In subsection (d), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘claim’’. (6) In subsection (g), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ and inserting ‘‘claim’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL TIME TO COMMENCE A HEAR-
ING BEFORE A HEARING OFFICER .—Section 405(d) (2 U.S.C. 1405(d)), as amended by sub-section (a), is further amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) commenced no later than 90 days after the Executive Director receives a request filed under subsection (a), except that, upon mutual agreement of the parties or for good cause, the Office shall extend the time for commencing a hearing for not more than an additional 30 days; and’’. (c) OTHER CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of section 414 (2 U.S.C. 1414) is amended by striking ‘‘
OF COMPLAINTS ’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents, as amended by section 101(d), is further amended as follows: (1) By amending the item relating to sec-tion 405 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 405. Hearing.’’. (2) By amending the item relating to sec-tion 414 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 414. Settlement.’’. Subtitle B—Other Reforms 
SEC. 111. REQUIRING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS TO REIMBURSE TREASURY FOR DAMAGES PAID AS SETTLEMENTS AND AWARDS FOR CERTAIN VIOLA-TIONS. 
(a) M ANDATING REIMBURSEMENT OF  A
MOUNTS PAID.—Section 415 (2 U.S.C. 1415) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY MEMBERS OF CON-
GRESS FOR DAMAGES PAID AS SETTLEMENTS  
ANDAWARDS .— ‘‘(1) R
EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED FOR CERTAIN  
VIOLATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a payment is made from the account described in subsection (a) for an award or settlement in connection with a claim alleging a violation described in subparagraph (D) perpetrated directly against a covered employee by an individual who, at the time of committing the viola-tion, was a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives (including a Delegate or Resi-dent Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, that individual who committed the violation shall reimburse the account for the amount of compensatory damages included in the award or settlement attributable to that violation. ‘‘(B) S
EPARATE FINDING REQUIRED IN CASE  
OF AWARD OR SETTLEMENT .—Personal liabil-ity or a reimbursement requirement may not be imposed on an individual under this sub-section unless the hearing officer, the court, or the corresponding committee described in section 416(e)(1) (as the case may be) makes a finding, separate from the finding on the underlying claim, that the individual per-petrated a violation requiring reimburse-ment under this subsection. ‘‘(C) M
ULTIPLE CLAIMS .—If an award or set-tlement is made for multiple claims, some of which do not require reimbursement under this subsection, the Member or Senator shall only be required to reimburse for the amount of compensatory damages included in the portion of the award or settlement attrib-utable to a claim requiring reimbursement. ‘‘(D) V
IOLATION DESCRIBED .—A violation de-scribed in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) unwelcome harassment by an indi-vidual described in subparagraph (A) on any basis protected by section 201(a) or 206(a) that has the purpose or effect of unreason-ably interfering, and is sufficiently severe or pervasive to unreasonably interfere, with a covered employee’s work performance or cre-ate an intimidating, hostile, or offensive working environment; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a violation of section 201(a) on the basis of sex, conduct by an indi-vidual described in subparagraph (A) that is an unwelcome sexual advance or request for sexual favors, when— ‘‘(I) submission to such conduct is made ei-ther explicitly or implicitly a term or condi-tion of the covered employee’s employment; or ‘‘(II) submission to or rejection of such conduct by the employee is used as the basis for an employment decision affecting such employee. ‘‘(2) WITHHOLDING AMOUNTS FROM COM -
PENSATION .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT OF TIMETABLE AND  
PROCEDURES BY COMMITTEES .—For purposes of carrying out subparagraph (B), the appli-cable Committee shall establish a timetable and procedures for the withholding of amounts from the compensation of an indi-vidual who is a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives or a Senator. ‘‘(B) D
EADLINE .—The payroll administrator shall withhold from an individual’s com-pensation and transfer to the account de-scribed in subsection (a) (after transferring to the account of the individual in the Thrift Savings Fund any amount that the indi-vidual had requested to be so transferred) such amounts as may be necessary to reim-burse the account described in subsection (a) for the reimbursable portion of the award or settlement described in paragraph (1) if the individual has not reimbursed the account as required under paragraph (1) prior to the ex-piration of the 90-day period which begins on the date a payment is made from the ac-count for such an award or settlement. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICABLE COMMITTEE DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the ‘applicable Committee’ means— ‘‘(i) the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives, in the case of an individual who, at the time of the withholding, is a Member of the House; or ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration of the Senate, in the case of an indi-vidual who, at the time of the withholding, is a Senator. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE WAGE GARNISHMENT OR  
OTHER COLLECTION OF WAGES FROM A SUBSE -
QUENT POSITION .— ‘‘(A) I
NDIVIDUAL SUBJECT TO GARNISHMENT  
OR OTHER COLLECTION .—Subparagraph (B) shall apply to an individual who is subject to the reimbursement requirement of this sub-section if, by the expiration of the 180-day period that begins on the date a payment is made from the account described in sub-section (a) relating to an award or settle-ment described in paragraph (1), the indi-vidual— ‘‘(i) has not reimbursed the account for the entire reimbursable portion as required under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) is not employed as a Member of the House of Representatives or a Senator but is employed in a subsequent non-Federal posi-tion. ‘‘(B) G
ARNISHMENT OR OTHER COLLECTION OF  
WAGES .—On the expiration of that 180-day pe-riod, the amount of the reimbursable portion of an award or settlement described in para-graph (1) (reduced by any amount the indi-vidual has reimbursed, taking into account any amounts withheld under paragraph (2)) shall be treated as a delinquent nontax debt and transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury for collection. Upon that transfer, the Secretary of the Treasury shall collect the debt, in accordance with section 3711 of title 31, United States Code, including by ad-ministrative wage garnishment of the wages of the individual described in subparagraph (A) from the position described in subpara-graph (A)(ii). The Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer the collected amount to the account described in subsection (a). ‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION TO OFFICE OF PERSONNEL  
MANAGEMENT AND SECRETARY OF THE TREAS -
URY.—If the individual does not obtain em-ployment in a subsequent position referred 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.032 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2930 May 24, 2018 
to in paragraph (3)(A)(ii), not later than 90 days after the individual is first no longer re-ceiving compensation as a Member or a Sen-ator, the amounts withheld or collected under this subsection have not been suffi-cient to reimburse the account described in subsection (a) for the reimbursable portion of the award or settlement described in para-graph (1), the payroll administrator— ‘‘(A) shall notify the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, who shall take such actions as the Director considers appro-priate to withhold from any annuity payable to the individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code, and transfer to the account described in subsection (a), such amounts as may be necessary to reim-burse the account for the reimbursable por-tion of an award or settlement described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) shall notify the Secretary of the Treasury, who (if necessary), notwith-standing section 207 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 407), shall take such actions as the Secretary of the Treasury considers ap-propriate to withhold from any payment to the individual under title II of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) and transfer to the account described in subsection (a), such amounts as may be necessary to reim-burse the account for the reimbursable por-tion of an award or settlement described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION BETWEEN OPM AND  
TREASURY .—The Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Secretary of the Treasury shall carry out paragraph (4) in a manner that ensures the coordination of the withholding and transferring of amounts under such paragraph, in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Director and the Secretary. ‘‘(6) R
IGHT TO INTERVENE .—An individual who is subject to the reimbursement require-ment of this subsection shall have the un-conditional right to intervene in any medi-ation, hearing, or civil action under this title to protect the interests of the indi-vidual in the determination of whether an award or settlement described in paragraph (1) should be made, and the amount of any such award or settlement, except that noth-ing in this paragraph may be construed to require the covered employee who filed the claim to be deposed by counsel for the indi-vidual in a deposition that is separate from any other deposition taken from the em-ployee in connection with the hearing or civil action. ‘‘(7) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the term ‘payroll administrator’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of an individual who is a Member of the House of Representatives, the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives, or an employee of the Of-fice of the Chief Administrative Officer who is designated by the Chief Administrative Of-ficer to carry out this subsection; or ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is a Senator, the Secretary of the Senate, or an employee of the Office of the Secretary of the Senate who is designated by the Sec-retary to carry out this subsection.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to claims made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 112. AUTOMATIC REFERRAL TO CONGRES-SIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEES OF DISPOSITION OF CERTAIN CLAIMS ALLEGING VIOLATIONS OF CON-GRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995 INVOLVING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS AND SENIOR STAFF. 
Section 416(e) (2 U.S.C. 1416(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) A
UTOMATIC REFERRALS TO CONGRES -
SIONAL ETHICS COMMITTEES OF DISPOSITIONS  OFCLAIMS INVOLVING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS  
ANDSENIOR STAFF .— ‘‘(1) R
EFERRAL .—Upon the final disposition under this title (as described in paragraph (6)) of a claim alleging a violation of section 201(a) or 206(a) that is perpetrated directly against a covered employee by a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, or by a senior staffer of an employing office described in subpara-graph (A) or (B) of section 101(9), the Execu-tive Director shall refer the claim to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives, in the case of a Member or senior staffer of the House (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress); or ‘‘(B) the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate, in the case of a Senator or senior staffer of the Senate. ‘‘(2) A
CCESS TO RECORDS AND INFORMA -
TION.—If the Executive Director refers a claim to a Committee under paragraph (1), the Executive Director shall provide the Committee with access to the settlement documents in the case of a settlement and findings by the hearing officer involved in the case of an award under this title. ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW BY CONGRESSIONAL ETHICS COM -
MITTEES OF SETTLEMENTS OF CERTAIN  
CLAIMS .—After the receipt of a settlement agreement for a claim that includes an alle-gation of a violation of section 201(a) or 206(a) that is perpetrated directly against a covered employee as described in section 415(d)(1)(D) by a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives (including a Delegate or a Resi-dent Commissioner to the Congress) or a Senator, the corresponding committee de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 90 days after that re-ceipt, review the settlement agreement; ‘‘(B) determine whether an investigation of the claim is warranted; and ‘‘(C) if the committee determines, after the investigation, that the claim that resulted in the settlement involved an actual violation of section 201(a) or 206(a) perpetrated di-rectly against a covered employee as de-scribed in section 415(d)(1)(D) by the Member or Senator, then the committee shall notify the Executive Director to request the reim-bursement described in section 415(d) and in-clude the settlement in the report required by section 301(l). ‘‘(4) P
ROTECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFI -
ABLE INFORMATION .—If a Committee to which a claim is referred under paragraph (1) issues a report with respect to the claim, the Com-mittee shall ensure that the report does not directly disclose the identity or position of the individual who filed the claim. ‘‘(5) A
UTHORITY TO PROTECT IDENTITY OF A  
CLAIMANT .— ‘‘(A) R
EDACTIONS .—If a Committee issues a report as described in paragraph (4), the Committee may, in accordance with sub-paragraph (B), make an appropriate redac-tion to the information or data included in the report if the Committee and the appro-priate decisionmakers described in subpara-graph (B) determine that including the infor-mation or data considered for redaction may lead to the unintentional disclosure of the identity or position of a claimant. The re-port including any such redaction shall note each redaction and include a statement that the redaction was made solely for the pur-pose of avoiding such an unintentional dis-closure of the identity or position of a claim-ant. ‘‘(B) A
GREEMENT ON REDACTIONS .—The Committee shall make a redaction under subparagraph (A) only if agreement is reached on the precise information or data to be redacted by— ‘‘(i) the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives, in the case of a report con-cerning a Member of the House of Represent-atives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) or a senior staffer who is an employee of the House of Representatives; or ‘‘(ii) the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Select Committee on Ethics of the Sen-ate, in the case of a report concerning a Sen-ator or senior staffer who is an employee of the Senate. ‘‘(C) RETENTION OF UNREDACTED REPORTS .— Each committee described in subparagraph (B) shall retain a copy of the report, without redactions. ‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) F
INAL DISPOSITION .—The ‘final disposi-tion’ of a claim means the following: ‘‘(i) An agreement to pay a settlement, in-cluding an agreement reached pursuant to mediation under section 403. ‘‘(ii) An order to pay an award that is final and not subject to appeal. ‘‘(B) S
ENIOR STAFFER .—The term ‘senior staffer’ means any individual who, at the time a violation occurred, was required to file a report under title I of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.).’’. 
SEC. 113. AVAILABILITY OF OPTION TO REQUEST REMOTE WORK ASSIGNMENT OR PAID LEAVE OF ABSENCE DURING PENDENCY OF PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 417. OPTION TO REQUEST REMOTE WORK ASSIGNMENT OR PAID LEAVE OF AB-SENCE DURING PENDENCY OF PRO-CEDURES. 
‘‘(a) O PTIONS FOR EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(1) R
EMOTE WORK ASSIGNMENT .—At the re-quest of a covered employee who files a claim alleging a violation of part A of title II by the covered employee’s employing of-fice, during the pendency of any of the proce-dures available under this title for consider-ation of the claim, the employing office may permit the covered employee to carry out the employee’s responsibilities from a re-mote location (referred to in this section as ‘permitting a remote work assignment’) where such relocation would have the effect of materially reducing interactions between the covered employee and any person alleged to have committed the violation, instead of from a location of the employing office. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR WORK ASSIGNMENTS RE -
QUIRED TO BE CARRIED OUT ONSITE .—If, in the determination of the covered employee’s em-ploying office, a covered employee who makes a request under this subsection can-not carry out the employee’s responsibilities from a remote location or such relocation would not have the effect described in para-graph (1), the employing office may during the pendency of the procedures described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) grant a paid leave of absence to the covered employee; ‘‘(B) permit a remote work assignment and grant a paid leave of absence to the covered employee; or ‘‘(C) make another workplace adjustment, or permit a remote work assignment, that would have the effect of reducing inter-actions between the covered employee and any person alleged to have committed the violation described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) E
NSURING NO RETALIATION .—An em- ploying office may not grant a covered em-ployee’s request under this subsection in a manner which would constitute a violation of section 207. ‘‘(4) N
O IMPACT ON VACATION OR PERSONAL  
LEAVE .—In granting leave for a paid leave of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.032 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2931 May 24, 2018 
absence under this section, an employing of-fice shall not require the covered employee to substitute, for that leave, any of the ac-crued paid vacation or personal leave of the covered employee. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR ARRANGEMENTS SUB-
JECT TO COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE -
MENTS .—Subsection (a) does not apply to the extent that it is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of any collective bargaining agreement which is in effect with respect to an employing office.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to tile IV the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 417. Option to request remote work as-signment or paid leave of ab-sence during pendency of proce-dures.’’. 
SEC. 114. MODIFICATION OF RULES ON CON-FIDENTIALITY OF PROCEEDINGS. 
(a) M EDIATION .—Section 416(b) (2 U.S.C. 1416(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘All medi-ation’’ and inserting ‘‘All information dis-cussed or disclosed in the course of any me-diation’’. (b) C
LAIMS .—Section 416 (2 U.S.C. 1416), as amended by section 112, is further amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) through (f) as subsections (a) through (e), re-spectively; (3) in subsection (b), as redesignated by paragraph (2) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsections (d), (e), and (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (c), (d), and (e)’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) C
LAIMS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to prohibit a covered employee from disclosing the factual allegations sup-porting the covered employee’s claim, or to prohibit an employing office from disclosing the factual allegations supporting the em-ploying office’s defense to the claim, in the course of any proceeding under this title.’’. 
SEC. 115. REIMBURSEMENT BY OTHER EMPLOY-ING OFFICES OF LEGISLATIVE BRANCH OF PAYMENTS OF CERTAIN AWARDS AND SETTLEMENTS. 
(a) R EQUIRING REIMBURSEMENT .—Section 415 (2 U.S.C. 1415), as amended by section 111, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY EMPLOYING OF-
FICES .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION OF PAYMENTS MADE FROM  
ACCOUNT .—As soon as practicable after the Executive Director is made aware that a payment of an award or settlement under this Act has been made from the account de-scribed in subsection (a) in connection with a claim alleging a violation described in sec-tion 201(a) or 206(a) by an employing office (other than an employing office described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of section 101(9)), the Executive Director shall notify the head of the employing office associated with the claim that the payment has been made, and shall include in the notification a statement of the amount of the payment. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY OFFICE .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a notification from the Executive Director under paragraph (1), the head of the employing office involved shall transfer to the account described in subsection (a), out of any funds available for operating expenses of the office, a payment equal to the amount specified in the notifi-cation. ‘‘(3) T
IMETABLE AND PROCEDURES FOR REIM -
BURSEMENT .—The head of an employing of-fice shall transfer a payment under para-graph (2) in accordance with such timetable and procedures as may be established under regulations promulgated by the Office.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to payments made under section 415 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1415) for an award or settlement for a claim that is filed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE II—IMPROVING OPERATIONS OF OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS SEC. 201. REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SETTLE-MENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SET-
TLEMENTS .— (1) R
EQUIRING SUBMISSION AND PUBLICATION  
OF REPORTS .—Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381) is amended— (A) in subsection (h)(3), by striking ‘‘com-plaint’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘claim’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON AWARDS AND SET-
TLEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the beginning of each calendar year, the Office shall submit to Congress and pub-lish on the Office’s public website a report listing each award that is the result of a vio-lation of part A of title II or settlement that is attributable to a finding described in sec-tion 415(d)(1)(B) and that was paid during the previous calendar year from the account de-scribed in section 415(a). The report shall in-clude information on the employing office involved, the amount of the award or settle-ment, the provision that was the subject of the claim, and (in the case of an award or settlement resulting from a finding de-scribed in section 415(d)(1)(B)), whether the Member or former Member is in compliance with the requirement of section 415(d) to re-imburse the account for the reimbursable portion of the award or settlement. ‘‘(2) P
ROTECTION OF IDENTITY OF INDIVID -
UALS RECEIVING AWARDS AND SETTLEMENTS .— In preparing and submitting the reports re-quired under paragraph (1), the Office shall ensure that the identity or position of any claimant is not disclosed. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORITY TO PROTECT THE IDENTITY  
OF A CLAIMANT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out para-graph (2), the Executive Director may make an appropriate redaction to the data in-cluded in the report described in paragraph (1) if the Executive Director determines that including the data considered for redaction may lead to the identity or position of a claimant unintentionally being disclosed. The report shall note each redaction and in-clude a statement that the redaction was made solely for the purpose of avoiding such an unintentional disclosure of the identity or position of a claimant. ‘‘(B) R
ECORDKEEPING .—The Executive Di-rector shall retain a copy of the report de-scribed in subparagraph (A), without redactions. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘claimant’ means an individual who re-ceived an award or settlement, or who made an allegation of a violation against an em-ploying office.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall apply with re-spect to 2018 and each succeeding year. (b) R
EPORT ON AMOUNTS PREVIOUSLY  P
AID.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights shall submit to Congress and make available to the public on the Office’s public website a report on all payments made with public funds prior to the date of the enactment of this Act for awards and settlements in con-nection with violations of section 201(a) of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1311(a)), or section 207 of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1317) and shall include in the report the following information: (A) The amount paid for each such award or settlement. (B) The source of the public funds used for the award or settlement, without regard to whether the funds were paid from the ac-count described in section 415(a) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1415(a)), an account of the House of Representatives or Senate, or any other ac-count of the Federal Government. (2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING IDEN -
TIFICATION OF HOUSE AND SENATE ACCOUNTS .— Nothing in paragraph (1)(B) may be con-strued to require or permit the Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights to report the account of any specific office of the House of Representatives or Senate as the source of funds used for an award or settlement. 
SEC. 202. WORKPLACE CLIMATE SURVEYS OF EM-PLOYING OFFICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING SURVEYS .—Title III (2 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 307. WORKPLACE CLIMATE SURVEYS OF EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT TOCONDUCT SURVEYS .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section, and every 2 years thereafter, the Office shall conduct a survey of employees of employing offices described in subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (E) of sec-tion 101(9), regarding the workplace environ-ment of such office. The Office shall make the survey available (which may include making the survey available electronically) to all such employees. Employee responses to the survey shall be voluntary. ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL INCLUSION OF INFORMATION ON  S
EXUAL HARASSMENT AND DISCRIMINATION .— In each survey conducted under this section, the Office shall survey respondents on atti-tudes regarding sexual harassment and dis-crimination. ‘‘(c) M
ETHODOLOGY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office shall conduct each survey under this section in accordance with methodologies established by the Of-fice. ‘‘(2) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Under the meth-odologies established under paragraph (1), all responses to all portions of the survey shall be anonymous and confidential, and each re-spondent shall be told throughout the survey that all responses shall be anonymous and confidential. ‘‘(3) S
URVEY FORM .—The Office shall not in-clude any code or information on the survey form that makes a respondent to the survey, or the respondent’s employing office, indi-vidually identifiable. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF RESULTS OF SURVEYS .—The Of- fice shall furnish the information obtained from the surveys conducted under this sec-tion to the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Committee on Rules and Administration, of the Senate. ‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION WITHCOMMITTEES .—The Office shall carry out this section, including establishment of methodologies and proce-dures under subsection (c), in consultation with the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Committee on Rules and Administration, of the Senate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title III the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 307. Workplace climate surveys of em-ploying offices.’’. 
SEC. 203. RECORD RETENTION. 
Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381), as amended by section 201(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.032 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2932 May 24, 2018 
‘‘(m) R ECORD RETENTION .—Not later than 180 days following the date of enactment of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act, the Office, in consultation with the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration of the Senate, shall create a program to be enforced by the Office for the proper and timely dis-position of confidential documents and data created or obtained by mediators or hearing officers in connection with their service in confidential proceedings under this Act.’’. 
SEC. 204. CONFIDENTIAL ADVISOR. 
Section 302 (2 U.S.C. 1382) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) through (f) as subsections (e) through (g), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIAL ADVISOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Executive Director shall— ‘‘(A) appoint, and fix the compensation of, and may remove, a Confidential Advisor; or ‘‘(B) designate an employee of the Office to serve as a Confidential Advisor. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .— ‘‘(A) V
OLUNTARY SERVICES .—The Confiden-tial Advisor shall offer to provide to covered employees described in paragraph (4) the services described in subparagraph (B), which a covered employee may accept or de-cline. ‘‘(B) S
ERVICES .—The services referred to in subparagraph (A) are— ‘‘(i) informing, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who has experienced a practice that may be a viola-tion of part A of title II about the employ-ee’s rights under this Act; ‘‘(ii) consulting, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, with a covered employee who has experienced a practice that may be a vio-lation of part A of title II regarding— ‘‘(I) the roles, responsibilities, and author-ity of the Office; and ‘‘(II) the relative merits of securing private counsel, designating a non-attorney rep-resentative, or proceeding without represen-tation during proceedings before the Office; ‘‘(iii) assisting, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who seeks consideration under title IV of an alle-gation of a violation of part A of title II in understanding the procedures, and the sig-nificance of the procedures, described in that title IV; and ‘‘(iv) informing, on a privileged and con-fidential basis, a covered employee who has experienced a practice that may be a viola-tion of part A of title II about the option of pursuing, in appropriate circumstances, a complaint with the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives or the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Confidential Ad-visor shall be a lawyer who— ‘‘(A) is admitted to practice before, and is in good standing with, the bar of a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, or a territory of the United States; and ‘‘(B) has experience representing clients in cases involving the workplace laws incor-porated by part A of title II. ‘‘(4) I
NDIVIDUALS COVERED .—The services described in paragraph (2) are available to any covered employee (which, for purposes of this subsection, shall include any staff mem-ber described in section 201(d) and any former covered employee (including any former staff member described in that sec-tion)), except that— ‘‘(A) a former covered employee may only request such services if the practice that may be a violation of part A of title II oc-curred during the employment or service of the employee; and ‘‘(B) a covered employee described in this paragraph may only request such services before the expiration of the 180-day period described in section 402(e). ‘‘(5) RESTRICTIONS .—The Confidential Advi-sor— ‘‘(A) shall not provide legal advice to, or act as the designated representative for, any covered employee in connection with the covered employee’s participation in any pro-ceeding, including any proceeding under this Act, any judicial proceeding, or any pro-ceeding before any committee of Congress; and ‘‘(B) shall not serve as a mediator in any mediation conducted pursuant to section 403.’’. 
SEC. 205. GAO STUDY OF MANAGEMENT PRAC-TICES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the management practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the study conducted under sub-section (a), and shall include in the report such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate for improve-ments to the management practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. 
SEC. 206. GAO AUDIT OF CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of the cybersecurity systems and practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the audit conducted under subsection (a), and shall include in the report such rec-ommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate for improvements to the cybersecurity systems and practices of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS REFORMS 
SEC. 301. APPLICATION OF GENETIC INFORMA-TION NONDISCRIMINATION ACT OF 2008. 
Section 102 (2 U.S.C. 1302) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) G
ENETIC INFORMATION NONDISCRIMINA -
TION ACT OF 2008.—The provisions of this Act that apply to a violation of section 201(a)(1) shall be considered to apply to a violation of title II of the Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.), consistent with section 207(c) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 2000ff–6(c)).’’. 
SEC. 302. EXTENSION TO UNPAID STAFF OF RIGHTS AND PROTECTIONS AGAINST EMPLOYMENT DISCRIMINATION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 201(d) (2 U.S.C. 1311(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION TO UNPAID STAFF .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsections (a) and (b) and section 207 shall apply with respect to any staff member of an employing office who carries out official duties of the employing office but who is not paid by the employing office for carrying out such duties, including an intern, an individual detailed to an em-ploying office, and an individual partici-pating in a fellowship program, in the same manner and to the same extent as such sub-sections and section apply with respect to a covered employee. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) may be construed to extend li-ability for a violation of subsection (a) or section 207 to an employing office on the basis of an action taken by any person who is not under the supervision or control of the employing office. ‘‘(3) INTERN DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘intern’ means an indi-vidual who performs service for an employ-ing office which is uncompensated by the United States, who obtains an educational benefit, such as by earning credit awarded by an educational institution or learning a trade or occupation, and who is appointed on a temporary basis.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION RELATING TO OF-
FICE RESPONSIBLE FOR DISBURSEMENT OF PAY 
TOHOUSE EMPLOYEES .—Section 101(7) (2 U.S.C. 1301(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘dis-bursed by the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives’’ and inserting ‘‘disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives’’. 
SEC. 303. PROVISIONS RELATING TO INSTRUMEN-TALITIES. 
(a) R EFERENCES TO FORMER OFFICE OF  T
ECHNOLOGY ASSESSMENT .— (1) P
UBLIC SERVICES AND ACCOMMODATIONS  
PROVISIONS .—Section 210(a) (2 U.S.C. 1331(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (9), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by striking paragraph (10); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (11) as para-graph (10). (2) O
CCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH PRO -
VISIONS .—Section 215(e)(1) (2 U.S.C. 1341(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Office of Tech-nology Assessment,’’. (3) L
ABOR -MANAGEMENT PROVISIONS .—Sec- tion 220(e)(2)(G) (2 U.S.C. 1351(e)(2)(G)) is amended by striking ‘‘, the Office of Tech-nology Assessment,’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO LOC C OV-
ERAGE OF LIBRARY VISITORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 210 (2 U.S.C. 1331) is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (i); and (B) by inserting after subsection (g) the following: ‘‘(h) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES RELATING TO  R
IGHTS TO PUBLIC SERVICES AND ACCOMMODA -
TIONS FOR LIBRARY VISITORS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF LIBRARY VISITOR .—In this subsection, the term ‘Library visitor’ means an individual who is eligible to bring a claim for a violation under title II or III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (other than a violation for which the exclu-sive remedy is under section 201) against the Library of Congress. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION OF REMEDIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A Library visitor who alleges a violation of subsection (b) by the Library of Congress may, subject to subpara-graph (B)— ‘‘(i) file a charge against the Library of Congress under subsection (d); or ‘‘(ii) use the remedies and procedures set forth in section 717 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–16), as provided under section 510 (other than paragraph (5)) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12209). ‘‘(B) T
IMING .—A Library visitor that has initiated proceedings under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) may elect to change and initiate a proceeding under the other clause— ‘‘(i) in the case of a Library visitor who first filed a charge pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i), before the General Counsel files a complaint under subsection (d)(3); or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a Library visitor who first initiated a proceeding under subpara-graph (A)(ii), before the Library visitor re-quests a hearing under the procedures of the Library of Congress described in such sub-paragraph.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY .— The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect as if such amendments were included in section 153 of the Legislative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.032 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2933 May 24, 2018 
Branch Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115-141), and shall apply as specified in sec-tion 153(c) of such Act. 
SEC. 304. NOTICES. 
Part E of title II (2 U.S.C. 1361) is amend-ed— (1) in section 225 (2 U.S.C. 1361)— (A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). (2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 226. NOTICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Every employing office shall post and keep posted (in conspicuous places upon its premises where notices to covered employees are customarily posted) a notice provided by the Office that— ‘‘(1) describes the rights, protections, and procedures applicable to covered employees of the employing office under this Act, con-cerning violations described in subsection (b); and ‘‘(2) includes contact information for the Office. ‘‘(b) V
IOLATIONS .—A violation described in this subsection is— ‘‘(1) discrimination prohibited by section 201(a) (including, in accordance with section 102(c), discrimination prohibited by title II of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimina-tion Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.)) or 206(a); and ‘‘(2) a violation of section 207, or a viola-tion of section 4311(b) of title 38, United States Code, that is related to discrimina-tion described in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 305. CLARIFICATION OF COVERAGE OF EM-PLOYEES OF STENNIS CENTER AND HELSINKI AND CHINA COMMIS-SIONS. 
(a) C OVERAGE OF STENNIS CENTER , CHINA R
EVIEW COMMISSION , CONGRESSIONAL -EXECU -
TIVE CHINA COMMISSION , AND HELSINKI COM-
MISSION .— (1) T
REATMENT OF EMPLOYEES AS COVERED  
EMPLOYEES .—Section 101(3) (2 U.S.C. 1301(3)) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (I); (B) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (J) and inserting a semicolon; (C) by redesignating subparagraph (J) as subparagraph (I); and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development; ‘‘(K) the China Review Commission; ‘‘(L) the Congressional-Executive China Commission; or ‘‘(M) the Helsinki Commission.’’. (2) T
REATMENT OF CENTER AND COMMISSIONS  
AS EMPLOYING OFFICE .—Section 101(9)(D) (2 U.S.C. 1301(9)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘and the Office of Technology Assessment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development, the China Review Com-mission, the Congressional-Executive China Commission, and the Helsinki Commission’’. (3) D
EFINITIONS OF COMMISSIONS .—Section 101 (2 U.S.C. 1301) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) C
HINA REVIEW COMMISSION .—The term ‘China Review Commission’ means the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission established under sec-tion 1238 of the Floyd D. Spence National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as enacted into law by sec-tion 1 of Public Law 106–398. ‘‘(14) C
ONGRESSIONAL -EXECUTIVE CHINA COM -
MISSION .—The term ‘Congressional-Executive China Commission’ means the Congres-sional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China established under title III of the U.S.–China Relations Act of 2000 (Pub-lic Law 106–286; 22 U.S.C. 6911 et seq.). ‘‘(15) H
ELSINKI COMMISSION .—The term ‘Hel-sinki Commission’ means the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe estab-lished under the Act entitled ‘An Act to es-tablish a Commission on Security and Co-operation in Europe’, approved June 3, 1976 (Public Law 94–304; 22 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.).’’. (b) LEGAL ASSISTANCE AND REPRESENTA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title V (2 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.) is amended— (A) by redesignating section 509 as section 512; and (B) by inserting after section 508 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 509. LEGAL ASSISTANCE AND REPRESENTA-TION. 
‘‘Legal assistance and representation under this Act, including assistance and rep-resentation with respect to the proposal or acceptance of the disposition of a claim under this Act, shall be provided to the China Review Commission, the Congres-sional-Executive China Commission, and the Helsinki Commission— ‘‘(1) by the Office of the House Employ-ment Counsel of the House of Representa-tives, in the case of assistance and represen-tation in connection with a claim filed under title IV (including all subsequent pro-ceedings under such title in connection with the claim) at a time when the chair of the Commission is a Member of the House, and in the case of assistance and representation in connection with any subsequent claim re-lated to the initial claim where the subse-quent claim involves the same parties; or ‘‘(2) by the Office of the Senate Chief Coun-sel for Employment of the Senate, in the case of assistance and representation in con-nection with a claim filed under title IV (in-cluding all subsequent proceedings under such title in connection with the claim) at a time when the chair of the Commission is a Senator, and in the case of assistance and representation in connection with any subse-quent claim related to the initial claim where the subsequent claim involves the same parties.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents is amended— (A) by redesignating the item relating to section 509 as relating to section 512; and (B) by inserting after the item relating to section 508 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 509. Legal assistance and representa-tion.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 101 (2 U.S.C. 1301) is amended, in paragraphs (7) and (8), by striking ‘‘through (I)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘through (M)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) through (c) shall apply with respect to claims alleging viola-tions of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.) which are first made on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 306. TRAINING AND EDUCATION PROGRAMS OF OTHER EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
(a) R EQUIRING OFFICES TODEVELOP AND IM-
PLEMENT PROGRAMS .—Title V (2 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), as amended by section 305(b), is fur-ther amended by inserting after section 509 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 510. TRAINING AND EDUCATION PROGRAMS OF EMPLOYING OFFICES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRING OFFICES TODEVELOP AND  I
MPLEMENT PROGRAMS .—Each employing of-fice shall develop and implement a program to train and educate covered employees of the office in the rights and protections pro-vided under this Act, including the proce-dures available under this Act to consider al-leged violations of this Act. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT TO COMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the beginning of each Congress (begin-ning with the One Hundred Sixteenth Con-gress), each employing office shall submit a report to the Committee on House Adminis-tration of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate on the implementation of the program required under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) SPECIAL RULE FOR FIRST REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act, each employing of-fice shall submit the report described in paragraph (1) to the Committees described in such paragraph. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION FOR OFFICES OF CON-
GRESS .—This section does not apply to an employing office described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of section 101(9).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 509, as inserted by section 305(b), the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 510. Training and education programs of employing offices.’’. 
SEC. 307. SUPPORT FOR OUT-OF-AREA COVERED EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V (2 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), as amended by section 306(a), is further amended by inserting after section 510 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 511. SUPPORT FOR OUT-OF-AREA COVERED EMPLOYEES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—All covered employees whose location of employment is outside of the Washington, DC area (referred to in this section as ‘out-of-area covered employees’, shall have equitable access to the resources and services provided by the Office and under this Act as is provided to covered employees who work in the Washington, DC area. ‘‘(b) O
FFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE  R
IGHTS .—The Office shall— ‘‘(1) establish a method by which out-of- area covered employees may communicate securely with the Office, which shall include an option for real-time audiovisual commu-nication; and ‘‘(2) provide guidance to employing offices regarding how each office can facilitate equi-table access to the resources and services provided under this Act for its out-of-area covered employees, including information re-garding the communication methods de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) E
MPLOYING OFFICES .—It is the sense of Congress that each employing office with out-of-area covered employees should use its best efforts to facilitate equitable access to the resources and services provided under this Act for those employees.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 510, as inserted by section 306(b), the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 511. Support for out-of-area employ-ees.’’. 
SEC. 308. RENAMING OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE AS OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS. 
(a) R ENAMING .—Section 301 (2 U.S.C. 1381) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
OFFICE OF  
COMPLIANCE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OFFICE OF CON -
GRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS ’’; and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Con-gressional Workplace Rights’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO CONGRES -
SIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995.—The Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 is amended as follows: (1) In section 101(1) (2 U.S.C. 1301(1)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (2) In section 101(2) (2 U.S.C. 1301(2)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.032 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2934 May 24, 2018 
(3) In section 101(3)(H) (2 U.S.C. 1301(3)(H)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (4) In section 101(9)(D) (2 U.S.C. 1301(9)(D)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (5) In section 101(10) (2 U.S.C. 1301(10)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (6) In section 101(11) (2 U.S.C. 1301(11)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (7) In section 101(12) (2 U.S.C. 1301(12)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (8) In section 210(a)(9) (2 U.S.C. 1331(a)(9)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (9) In section 215(e)(1) (2 U.S.C. 1341(e)(1)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (10) In section 220(e)(2)(G) (2 U.S.C. 1351(e)(2)(G)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compli-ance’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (11) In the heading of title III, by striking ‘‘OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE’’ and inserting ‘‘OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORK-PLACE RIGHTS’’. (12) In section 304(c)(4) (2 U.S.C. 1384(c)(4)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (13) In section 304(c)(5) (2 U.S.C. 1384(c)(5)), by striking ‘‘Office of Compliance’’ and in-serting ‘‘Office of Congressional Workplace Rights’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents is amended— (1) by amending the item relating to the title heading of title III to read as follows: ‘‘TITLE III—OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE RIGHTS’’; and (2) by amending the item relating to sec-tion 301 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 301. Establishment of the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights.’’. (d) R
EFERENCES IN OTHER LAWS, RULES , 
ANDREGULATIONS .—Any reference to the Of-fice of Compliance in any law, rule, regula-tion, or other official paper in effect as of the effective date specified in section 401(a) shall be considered to refer and apply to the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights. TITLE IV—EFFECTIVE DATE 
SEC. 401. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this Act, this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act shall take effect upon the expiration of the 180-day period which begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) N
OEFFECT ON PENDING PROCEEDINGS .— Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act may be construed to affect any proceeding or payment of an award or settle-ment relating to a claim under title IV of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.) which is pending as of the date of the enactment of this Act. If, as of that date, an employee has begun any of the proceedings under that title that were available to the employee prior to that date, the employee may complete, or initiate and complete, all such proceedings, and such pro-ceedings shall remain in effect with respect to, and provide the exclusive proceedings for, the claim involved until the completion of all such proceedings. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Ms. H
ASSAN , and Mr. M ORAN ): S. 2955. A bill to reform the Mobility Fund Phase II challenge process con-ducted by the Federal Communications Commission; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I rise this morning to encourage my col-leagues to support and cosponsor the Mobile Accuracy and Precision Broadband Act, also known as the MAP Broadband Act. If we want to get broadband deploy-ment right in this country, if we want to close the digital divide, particularly in rural America—in that great heart-land of America—we need for the FCC to be working with an accurate map, and right now they are not working with an accurate map. The agency needs to know which areas are in the most desperate need for consistent wireless service, and the FCC’s current map does not even come close to doing this. I certainly was not alone in my sur-prise when I saw the coverage shown on the map released by the FCC in late February. It portrayed my home State of Mississippi as basically a wireless hot spot, with only 2 percent of my State not covered with a reliable 4G LTE connection. This was an absurd conclusion based on what is actually taking place on the ground. That would mean that 98 per-cent of my State should have one of the fastest mobile broadband connec-tions on the market. That is ridicu-lous. I doubted that the map was accurate based on my own experiences, but I wanted to know what others had to say. So I did a survey in April. I sent out a survey asking Mississippians to tell me about their issues with connectivity. Their responses, which totaled more than 1,800, supported my conclusion that the FCC map is just wrong, and something needs to be done about it. The responses also reaffirmed what is at stake if the FCC does not correct the situation and get these maps right. Mississippians and Americans across this great country need better service so their children can do their home-work. They need it so they can FaceTime with loved ones who are away from home in military service. They need it for jobs. They need it for healthcare. A bad connection is incon-venient, to be sure, but it means so much more to public safety and jobs. Americans in rural areas should not be at a disadvantage because of where we live. Strong, dependable broadband paves the way for economic growth for us all, and it allows for life-giving tele-health and cutting-edge agricultural technologies. No one thinks my State is an excep-tion to the FCC map. I have yet to hear from any colleague in the Senate who thinks this national map accurately re-flects the coverage back in our State. So I propose that we continue to work together with legislation to direct the FCC to get this right. Let’s harness the best data for closing the digital divide. Let’s make sure decisions are informed by the most accurate maps possible. Now, what is at stake here? There is $4.53 billion that is at stake here. The way we are headed now with this pro-gram and with this inaccurate map, the Mobility Fund Phase II program is about to go forward with funds being distributed based on a map that is ab-solutely wrong. So my bill would do four things that I think would help. My bill would give challengers more time to voice their concerns and submit better data. It would require the FCC to extend the challenge process by 90 days. My bill would also require the FCC to disclose which phones should be get-ting 4G LTE service so consumers can know whether their service meets these expectations. In addition, it would require the FCC to provide monthly updates on the percentage of areas on the map that are being chal-lenged and the number of challengers. Fourth, we would monitor the effec-tiveness of the Mobility Fund Phase II program by the agency offering annual updates on how mobile wireless service is being expanded. If anyone in the Senate, if anyone in the House, if anyone who can hear me today has a better idea, I am open to adding that to the bill. But at the end of the day, rushing through this chal-lenge process is not in the best inter-ests of Americans who are waiting for fast wireless coverage. It is not in the best interests, frankly, of the Commis-sion, which needs to take the time to get it right, and we are out to help them to do that. There will be original cosponsors from both sides of the aisle today when I drop the bill. Those who want to be a part of the challenge process need time and resources to put forward sound in-formation—information to help the FCC develop a map that truly portrays broadband limitations in this country. An accurate map would also help en-sure the proper use of billions of tax-payer dollars—public dollars—to lead to real results to get us where we need to go. We cannot go forward and we should not go forward with the data we have. My legislation today would take a big step in ensuring that before we dis-tribute these billions of dollars, we need to make sure that we know what we are talking about, that we have the right information, and that we get it right. Thank you. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 2958. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to make the provision of Wi-Fi access on school 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.032 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2935 May 24, 2018 
buses eligible for E-rate support; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, the Fed-eral Communications Commission Schools and Libraries program, com-monly known as E-Rate, has helped connect our schools and libraries to highspeed broadband. Recent changes allowed for schools to pay for Wi-Fi on campuses, recognizing that students are using laptops and other devices for learning. This bill, cosponsored by my friend Senator G
ARDNER , would allow schools to receive reimbursement for Wi-Fi on school buses—an idea inspired by a New Mexico high school student. A few years ago, a football player from Hatch Valley High School in Hatch, New Mexico told me how, after being on a bus for hours after a game, he would sit in the dark parking lot of his school doing his homework—because he didn’t have high-speed broadband at home. Making Wi-Fi available on school buses is one piece to solving the homework gap—especially in rural areas. Adequate internet is an absolute necessity in this day and age. And I will continue to work with my col-leagues to make sure every home in the Nation has adequate internet ac-cess. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2958 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. E-RATE SUPPORT FOR SCHOOL BUS WI-FI. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘school bus’’ means a passenger motor vehi-cle that is— (1) designed to carry a driver and not less than 5 passengers; and (2) used significantly to transport early child education, elementary school, or sec-ondary school students to or from school or an event related to school. (b) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Communications Commission shall conduct a rulemaking to make the provision of Wi-Fi access on school buses eligible for support under the E-rate program of the Commission set forth under subpart F of part 54 of title 47, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. 2965. A bill to amend the Chil-dren’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 to give Americans the option to delete personal information collected by internet operators as a result of the person’s internet activity prior to age 13; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: S. 2965 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clean Slate for Kids Online Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ENHANCING THE CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT OF 1998. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 1302 of the Chil-dren’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) D
ELETE .—The term ‘delete’ means to remove personal information such that the information is not maintained in retrievable form and cannot be retrieved in the normal course of business.’’. (b) R
EGULATION OF UNFAIR AND DECEPTIVE  A
CTS AND PRACTICES IN CONNECTION WITH THE  C
OLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMA -
TION FROM AND ABOUT CHILDREN ON THE  I
NTERNET .—Section 1303 of the Children’s On-line Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6502) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) F
AILURE TO DELETE .—It is unlawful for an operator of a website or online service di-rected to children, or any operator that has actual knowledge that it is collecting per-sonal information from a child, to fail to de-lete personal information collected from or about a child if a request for deletion is made pursuant to regulations prescribed under subsection (e).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) R
IGHT OF AN INDIVIDUAL TO DELETE  P
ERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED WHEN THE  P
ERSON WAS A CHILD.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Commission shall promulgate under section 553 of title 5, United States Code, regulations that require the operator of any website or online service directed to children, or any operator that has actual knowledge that it has collected personal in-formation from a child or maintains such personal information— ‘‘(A) to provide notice on the website of how an individual over the age of 13, or a legal guardian of an individual over the age of 13 acting with the knowledge and consent of the individual, can request that the oper-ator delete all personal information in the possession of the operator that was collected from or about the individual when the indi-vidual was a child notwithstanding any pa-rental consent that may have been provided when the individual was a child; ‘‘(B) to promptly delete all personal infor-mation in the possession of the operator that was collected from or about an individual when the individual was a child when such deletion is requested by an individual over the age of 13 or by the legal guardian of such individual acting with the knowledge and consent of the individual, notwithstanding any parental consent that may have been provided when the individual was a child; ‘‘(C) to provide written confirmation of de-letion, after the deletion has occurred, to an individual or legal guardian of such indi-vidual who has requested such deletion pur-suant to this subsection; and ‘‘(D) to except from deletion personal in-formation collected from or about a child— ‘‘(i) only to the extent that the personal information is necessary— ‘‘(I) to respond to judicial process; or ‘‘(II) to the extent permitted under any other provision of law, to provide informa-tion to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety; and ‘‘(ii) if the operator retain such excepted personal information for only as long as rea-sonably necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the information has been excepted and that the excepted information not be used, disseminated or maintained in a form re-trievable to anyone except for the purposes specified in this subparagraph.’’. (c) SAFE HARBORS .—Section 1304 of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6503) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 1303(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (b) and (e) of section 1303’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘sub-section (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (b) and (e)’’. (d) A
CTIONS BY STATES .—Section 1305(a)(1) of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6504(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘1303(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (b) or (e) of section 1303’’. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. 2974. A bill to amend section 923 of title 18, United States Code, to require an electronic, searchable database of the importation, production, shipment, receipt, sale, or other disposition of firearms; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, right now, in a small town in West Virginia 90 miles outside of our Nation’s capital, dedicated employees of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explo-sives (ATF) are diligently searching through millions of firearms sales records at the National Tracing Center. They are busily responding to urgent requests from detectives and agents to trace firearms found at crime scenes throughout the country. By the end of the day, they will likely have com-pleted more than 1,000 requests, pro-viding law enforcement with informa-tion that can lead to arrests, prosecu-tions, and ultimately justice for vic-tims of violent crime. The tracing center plays a critical and unique role in keeping our commu-nities safe. It is the only crime gun tracing facility in the country. Its sole purpose is to help track down and hold criminals accountable. One would expect Congress to fully and unequivocally support this mis-sion. Yet, inexplicably, Congress has done the opposite. Relenting to pres-sure from the gun lobby, Congress placed archaic hurdles on crime gun traces, prohibiting the ATF from digitizing or electronically searching through firearms records. These restrictions were born out of an unfounded fear that can only be de-scribed as a conspiracy theory: that al-lowing records to be electronically searched would lead to firearms—pre-sumably to include my own—being seized by the government en masse, in clear violation of both the Second and Fourth Amendments. This unworldly fear is having a very real-world impact. In an era when an electronic trace could be completed in an instant, the ATF is instead forced to locate individual records by visiting Federal firearms licensees or searching by hand through the records housed at the National Tracing Center; these Na-tional Tracing Center records cur-rently number 800 million, and are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.030 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2936 May 24, 2018 
growing by an additional 2 million each month. Some of these records have been damaged by flooding and mold. Count-less more have been relegated to rented shipping containers in the parking lot, as the floor of the tracing center is structurally unable to support the weight of so many thousands of boxes. Other records are stored as images on microfilm, forcing ATF employees to reel through up to 10,000 records on a single roll to find the one desired fire-arm. Tracing requests are processed every single day, 24 hours a day, so that when a homicide detective finds a firearm believed to have been used in a murder, the detective can determine the chain of custody for that firearm, which may lead to a suspect. I asked the ATF about the impact of these restrictions on crime gun traces at a recent hearing of the Judiciary Committee Acting Director Thomas Brandon stated that in these criminal investigations, ‘‘time matters, [and] getting accurate information can de-velop the critical lead.’’ He testified that if the ATF were able to electroncially search through records it would be ‘‘beneficial for public safe-ty.’’ I agree. That is why today I am in-troducing the Crime Gun Tracing Mod-ernization Act, which will bring our nation’s tracing capabilities into the 21st century. This legislation would empower the ATF to digitize and elec-tronically search through its firearms records, so that it can quickly and ac-curately connect crime guns with pur-chasers. Yet this legislation is also narrowly tailored; it only permits the ATF to search through firearms sale and disposition records that it already has access to, and only for the purposes of criminal and national security in-vestigations, and it strictly prohibits searches using an individual’s name or other personally identifiable informa-tion. This legislation represents only a modest step, but an important step. There are few signs more revealing of Congress’s inability to responsibly leg-islate gun policy than its insistence that law enforcement not be allowed to effectively search through records al-ready in its possession. The gun lobby cannot be permitted to tie the hands of agents and detectives investigating violent gun crime. We cannot let a baseless conspiracy theory drive our public safety policies. It is time for Congress to fix our mis-takes. It is time to bring one of our Na-tion’s premier law enforcement agen-cies, which in turn serves every Fed-eral, State, and local agency in the country, out of the Stone Age. It is no surprise that this legisation is sup-ported by important voices within the law enforcement community, including the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, Major Cities Chiefs Asso-ciation, and Association of Prosecuting Attorneys. I am also proud that March For Our Lives, led by the students of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, strongly supports this legislation. We in Congress owe it to those who have been victimized by gun violence to do something. There are many commonsense steps we can and should take right now. That in-cludes removing indefensible restric-tions on law enforcement that waste public safety resources and delay crit-ical investigations of violent gun crime. I urge my fellow senators to join me and Senator N
ELSON in supporting this important legislation. 
By Mr. CARDIN: S. 2984. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide great-er access to higher education for Amer-ica’s students, to eliminate educational barriers for participation in a public service career, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today, I am introducing the Strengthening American Communities (SAC) Act of 2018. My bill seeks to expand access to debt-free public service career path-ways for Americans who want to serve their communities, States, or Nation. No one should be denied the oppor-tunity to serve their community as a law enforcement officer, public health practitioner, social worker, or educator based on his or her ability to afford the rising cost of an undergraduate edu-cation. My bill is a first step toward correcting public sector workforce dis-parities by enabling people to serve their communities without being hob-bled by massive student loan debt, and by providing current public servants with the financial freedom to continue to heed their calling to service. Every city, town, and rural commu-nity in the United States relies on indi-viduals who choose to utilize their tal-ents for the betterment of others while accepting the lower pay of public serv-ice careers. The very foundation of our civil society is based on these public servants making such sacrifices. Far too many individuals who feel drawn to public service do not pursue such ca-reers—or they are forced to abandon such careers prematurely—due to the high cost of obtaining their college educations. When I had the oppor-tunity to hear directly from a student at an Historically Black College and University (HBCU) in my home State of Maryland, I was saddened to hear from an academically successful sopho-more who was planning to drop out of school because she feared further indebting herself and her family. She said that while she appreciated the fi-nancial assistance she did receive, it simply wasn’t sufficient to cover her cost of attendance. While this student had aspirations to serve in her own community, she could not bear to bur-den her family with the cost of her edu-cation. As a result, my home City of Baltimore lost out on a young, engaged aspiring public servant. Our current system of indebting indi-viduals at the onset of their careers has led to minority underrepresenta-tion in the public sector workforce. First generation college students and students from low-income families can-not afford to take on student loan debt and enter into lower-paying public service careers. As a result, our Nation is deprived of the talents and perspec-tives of individuals who want to serve their communities but simply cannot afford to do so. As a result, our work-force is less representative of the peo-ple it serves. We must find new ways for people to earn the degrees they need to serve our communities. I be-lieve that students who make a com-mitment to public service should be af-forded a debt-free pathway to the bac-calaureate degree they need to start their public service career. And those individuals who have already made the decision to choose service over salary should not have to wait for ten years in a lower-paying public career before see-ing any reward in the form of Federal student loan forgiveness. The Strengthen American Commu-nities Act I am introducing today of-fers a new path for future public serv-ants to earn their baccalaureate de-gree. Through a new partnership be-tween the Federal Government, States, and public and private, non-profit in-stitutions of higher education, stu-dents will have the ability to receive the first two years of their education at a community college, Minority Serving Institution, or Historically Black College or University tuition- and fee-free. Colleges would be required to commit to ensuring student success, and students would have to meet cer-tain academic standards and complete their education within two years. Once students transfer into a four-year insti-tution for their junior and senior years, those who commit themselves to at least three years of public service and meet academic standards will re-ceive a National Public Service Edu-cation Grant to pay a significant por-tion of their college’s tuition, fees, and room and board costs. Universities must provide students with opportuni-ties to engage in public service com-mitments, academic counseling and student support services, and the op-portunity to earn to finish their degree in fewer than two years. Depending on a student’s financial need, under the Strengthening American Communities Act, she or he may be able to graduate with a baccalaureate degree debt-free before embarking on the path to be-coming a public servant. For those individuals who have al-ready answered their calling to public service, my legislation would assist more public servants continue serving their communities by accelerating the existing Public Service Loan Forgive-ness program. Under current law, these dedicated workers must work for 10 years in a public service career and make 120 payments on their Federal student loans before they see a dime of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.037 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2937 May 24, 2018 
Federal student loan forgiveness. Eco-nomic, family, and other reasons can cause individuals to leave the public sector workforce and despite their years of service, the service these workers provided are not taken into consideration. I propose to accelerate the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program to provide more immediate student loan relief. For every two years of employment and cor-responding monthly Federal student loan payments, hard-working public sector employees will receive a per-centage of their student loans forgiven, with 100 percent of the Federal student loan balance being forgiven at the end of 10 years of service. By accelerating Public Service Loan Forgiveness, we can encourage additional individuals to stay in the public sector workforce de-spite the lower-paying salaries, reduce their cost of borrowing for home and auto loans, and set aside additional money for their own retirement. As Congress moves forward with an overdue reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, I urge my colleagues to join in this effort to help individuals who are wholly committed to public service by supporting the Strength-ening American Communities Act. No individual willing to serve his or her community in a public service career should be held back from that calling due to the high cost of obtaining a col-lege education. No individual willing to serve his or her community should be forced to leave public service because of financial hardship. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 522—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF SEP-TEMBER 23 THROUGH SEP-TEMBER 29, 2018 AS ‘‘GOLD STAR FAMILIES REMEMBRANCE WEEK’’ Mrs. HYDE–SMITH submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. R ES. 522 Whereas the last Sunday in September— (1) is designated as ‘‘Gold Star Mother’s Day’’ under section 111 of title 36, United States Code; and (2) was first designated as ‘‘Gold Star Mother’s Day’’ under the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘Joint Resolution designating the last Sunday in September as ‘Gold Star Mother’s Day’, and for other purposes’’, ap-proved June 23, 1936 (49 Stat. 1895); Whereas there is no date dedicated to fami-lies affected by the loss of a loved one who died in service to the United States; Whereas a gold star symbolizes a family member who died in the line of duty while serving in the Armed Forces; Whereas the members and veterans of the Armed Forces, through their service, bear the burden of protecting the freedom of the people of the United States; Whereas the selfless example of the service of the members and veterans of the Armed Forces, as well as the sacrifices made by the families of those individuals, inspires all in-dividuals in the United States to sacrifice and work diligently for the good of United States; and Whereas the sacrifices of the families of the fallen members of the Armed Forces and the families of veterans of the Armed Forces should never be forgotten: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of September 23 through September 29, 2018 as ‘‘Gold Star Families Remembrance Week’’; (2) honors and recognizes the sacrifices made by the families of members of the Armed Forces who have made the ultimate sacrifice in order to defend freedom and pro-tect the United States and by the families of veterans of the Armed Forces; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe Gold Star Families Re-membrance Week by— (A) performing acts of service and good will in their communities; and (B) celebrating families in which loved ones have made the ultimate sacrifice so that others could continue to enjoy life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness. f SENATE RESOLUTION 523—ENCOUR-AGING COMPANIES TO APPLY PRIVACY PROTECTIONS IN-CLUDED IN THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION OF THE EUROPEAN UNION TO CITI-ZENS OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. S ANDERS , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. R ES. 523 Whereas the European Union has enacted the General Data Protection Regulation (re-ferred to in this preamble as the ‘‘GDPR’’), which provides the 508,000,000 residents of the European Union with significant new privacy protections; Whereas the GDPR takes effect on May 25, 2018; Whereas the rules of the GDPR will apply to many entities in the United States that serve users and customers in both Europe and the United States; Whereas the GDPR requires that— (1) data processors have a legal basis for processing the data of users; and (2) opt-in, freely given, specific, informed, and unambiguous consent from users is a pri-mary legal basis; Whereas polling shows that people in the United States are increasingly concerned about their privacy and the security of their personal information; Whereas recent data breaches and privacy invasions affecting millions of people in the United States underscore the need for en-hanced privacy protection in the United States; and Whereas people in the United States have a right to privacy, and entities that control and process the data of people in the United States have an obligation to protect that data: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate encourages enti-ties covered by the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union (referred to in this resolving clause as the ‘‘GDPR’’), including edge providers, broadband pro-viders, and data brokers— (1) to provide the people of the United States with the privacy protections included in the GDPR in a manner consistent with ex-isting laws and rights in the United States, including the First Amendment; and (2) to include in the protections described in paragraph (1)— (A) the requirement that— (i) data processors (as described in the GDPR) have a legal basis for processing the data of users; (ii) opt-in, freely given, specific, informed, and unambiguous consent from users be a primary legal basis for purposes of clause (i); (iii) data processors design their systems in a way that— (I) minimizes the processing of data to only what is necessary for the specific pur-pose stated to the individual; and (II) by default, protects personal informa-tion from being used for other purposes; (iv) entities processing the data of children institute special protections, particularly with reference to the use of the data of chil-dren for marketing purposes; (v) data processors and controllers (as de-scribed in the GDPR) ensure compliance with relevant privacy rules; and (vi) data processors implement appropriate oversight over third party data processors; and (B) the right of an individual— (i) to revoke consent for data processing at any time; (ii) to not be subject to automated deci-sionmaking, including profiling, without human intervention if the decisionmaking has legal or otherwise significant effects on the individual; (iii) to know which entities have access to the data of the individual and how that data is being used; (iv) to correct the data of the individual if it is inaccurate or incomplete; and (v) to obtain and reuse the data of the indi-vidual for the purposes of the individual across other services. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 524—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF JUNE 1 THROUGH JUNE 3, 2018 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL GUN VIOLENCE AWARE-NESS WEEKEND’’ AND JUNE 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL GUN VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R EED, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. C
OONS , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 524 Whereas, in the United States each year, more than— (1) 35,000 individuals are killed and 80,000 individuals are injured by gunfire; (2) 12,000 individuals are killed in homi-cides involving firearms; (3) 21,000 individuals commit suicide by using firearms; and (4) 500 individuals are killed in uninten-tional shootings; Whereas, since 1968, more individuals have died from guns in the United States than have died on the battlefields of all the wars in the history of the United States; Whereas, by one count, in 2017 in the United States, there were— (1) 346 mass shooting incidents in which not fewer than 4 people were killed or wounded by gunfire; and (2) 64 incidents in which a gun was fired in a school or college; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.038 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2938 May 24, 2018 
Whereas gun violence typically escalates during the summer months; Whereas nearly 2,700 children and teens are killed by gun violence every year, including Hadiya Pendleton, who, in 2013, was killed at 15 years of age while standing in a Chicago park; and Whereas, during the weekend of June 1 through June 3, 2018, the weekend in which Hadiya Pendleton would have had her 21st birthday, people across the United States will recognize National Gun Violence Aware-ness Weekend and wear orange in tribute to Hadiya and other victims of gun violence and the loved ones of those victims: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports— (A) the designation of June 2018 as ‘‘Na-tional Gun Violence Awareness Month’’ and the goals and ideals of that month; and (B) the designation of June 1 through June 3, 2018 as ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Weekend’’ in remembrance of the victims of gun violence; and (2) calls on the people of the United States to— (A) promote greater awareness of gun vio-lence and gun safety; (B) wear orange, the color that hunters wear to show that they are not targets, dur-ing the weekend of June 1 through June 3, 2018; (C) concentrate heightened attention on gun violence during the summer months, when gun violence typically increases; and (D) bring community members and leaders together to discuss ways to make commu-nities safer. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 525—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2018 AS NA-TIONAL DEMOCRACY MONTH AS A TIME TO REFLECT ON THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE SYSTEM OF GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO A MORE FREE AND STABLE WORLD Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 525 Whereas, 2,000 years after the ancient Greeks laid the groundwork for democracy, the founders of the United States built an even greater system of government, a demo-cratic republic, propelling the United States to become the most advanced nation in human history; Whereas the model of government of the United States has been reproduced around the world; Whereas, according to Freedom House, de-spite the expansion of democracy worldwide, today more than 1 in 3 people in the world do not live in states considered free; Whereas the Constitution of the United States and the Bill of Rights, with the addi-tion of the Reconstruction Era amendments, including the 14th and 15th Amendments, and the 19th Amendment, enshrine the rights and civil liberties of citizens of the United States, including the right to vote in free and fair elections; Whereas the perpetuation of the ideals of democracy does not happen on its own, and can be stalled or reversed; Whereas surveys show that citizens of the United States are losing faith in the demo-cratic system; Whereas, according to a study published in the Journal of Democracy— (1) 91 percent of young people in the United States in the 1930s thought it ‘‘essential’’ to live in a democracy; (2) only 30 percent of young people in the United States in 2018 think that it is ‘‘essen-tial’’ to live in a democracy; and (3) 24 percent of young people in the United States in 2018 think that democracy is a ‘‘bad’’ or ‘‘very bad’’ way of running the country; Whereas Freedom House concluded that ‘‘Democracy as the world’s dominant form of government is under greater threat than at any point in the last 25 years’’; Whereas former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor said ‘‘The practice of democracy is not passed down through the gene pool. It must be taught and learned anew by each generation of citizens’’; Whereas President John F. Kennedy said ‘‘Democracy is never a final achievement. It is a call to effort, to sacrifice, and a willing-ness to live and to die in its defense’’; Whereas President Ronald Reagan said ‘‘Democracy is worth dying for, because it’s the most deeply honorable form of govern-ment ever devised by man’’; Whereas World War II demonstrated the fragility of democracy and its accompanying civilized life; Whereas British Prime Minister Winston Churchill observed that ‘‘Democracy is the worst form of government, except for all the others that have ever been tried’’; Whereas President George Washington said the United States must recognize the im-mense value of the national Union and work towards its preservation with ‘‘jealous anx-iety’’ and wrote that the security of a free Constitution may be accomplished by ‘‘teaching the people themselves to know and to value their own rights’’; Whereas President Thomas Jefferson wrote ‘‘Educate and inform the whole mass of the people . . . . They are the only sure reliance for the preservation of our liberty’’; and Whereas evidence of the diminution of strong support for democratic principles in recent years among citizens of the United States suggests the government of the United States must once more teach and educate the people by taking appropriate ac-tions to highlight and emphasize the impor-tance of democratic principles and their es-sential role in our freedoms and way of life: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 2018 as ‘‘National Democracy Month’’; (2) encourages States and local govern-ments to designate September 2018 as ‘‘Na-tional Democracy Month’’; (3) recognizes the celebration of ‘‘National Democracy Month’’ as a time to reflect on the contributions of the system of govern-ment of the United States to a more free and stable world; and (4) encourages the people of the United States to observe ‘‘National Democracy Month’’ with appropriate ceremonies and ac-tivities that— (A) provide appreciation for the system of government of the United States; and (B) demonstrate that the people of the United States shall never forget the sac-rifices made by past generations of people of the United States to preserve the freedoms and principles of the United States. SENATE RESOLUTION 526—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT POLITICIANS SHOULD NOT INTERFERE WITH A WOMAN’S PERSONAL HEALTH CARE DECISIONS OR ATTEMPT TO PREVENT PROVIDERS FROM OFFERING THEIR FULL MEDICAL RECOMMENDATIONS TO THEIR PATIENTS Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 526 Whereas, since the enactment of title X of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300 et seq.) (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘title X family planning program’’) nearly half a century ago, the title X family plan-ning program has provided family planning and related preventive health care services to those most in need and has enjoyed broad bipartisan support; Whereas the title X family planning pro-gram was created to assist in making com-prehensive voluntary family planning serv-ices readily available to all individuals desir-ing those services and to enable public and nonprofit private entities to plan and de-velop comprehensive programs that provide those family planning services; Whereas the title X family planning pro-gram serves 4,000,000 individuals each year, many of whom would otherwise be unable to access the types of health care services sup-ported under the title X family planning pro-gram; Whereas the title X family planning pro-gram helps ensure that every individual, re-gardless of where the individual lives, how much money the individual earns, the back-ground of the individual, or whether or not the individual has health insurance, has ac-cess to basic, preventive reproductive health care, such as birth control, cancer screenings, sexually transmitted disease testing and treatment, and well-woman exams; Whereas the title X family planning pro-gram serves a racially and ethnically diverse patient base, not less than 
1⁄3of patients served under the title X family planning pro-gram are people of color, and 13 percent of patients served under the title X family planning program have limited proficiency in English; Whereas, for decades, individuals receiving services supported under the title X family planning program have been given the full range of information needed to make fully informed decisions about their own preg-nancy options, including access to safe and legal abortion; Whereas efforts to stigmatize abortion care and providers of abortion care undermine the ability of patients to make fully informed health care decisions; Whereas the Code of Medical Ethics of the American Medical Association states that health care providers should ‘‘[p]resent rel-evant information accurately and sensi-tively, in keeping with the patient’s pref-erences’’ and that ‘‘withholding information without the patient’s knowledge or consent is ethically unacceptable’’; Whereas the 1982 report of the President’s Commission for the Study of Ethical Prob-lems in Medicine and in Biomedical and Be-havioral Research stated that, ‘‘a physician is obliged to mention all alternative treat-ments, including those he or she does not provide or favor, so long as they are sup-ported by respectable medical opinion’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.040 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2939 May 24, 2018 
Whereas any policy that denies a patient seeking care from a health care provider re-ceiving support under the title X family planning program full and accurate informa-tion on and referral for health care services, including abortion care, violates basic med-ical ethics by forcing the health care pro-vider to withhold health care information from the patient and by denying the basic right of the patient to informed consent; Whereas health care providers receiving support under the title X family planning program must not be subject to any limita-tion on providing full and accurate informa-tion so that those health care providers may communicate freely with patients and exer-cise their medical judgment in order to pro-vide the safest and most beneficial medical treatment for each patient; and Whereas any policy that seeks to prevent health care providers receiving support under the title X family planning program from providing full and accurate information and referral for health care services threat-ens patient health, discourages honest con-versation, and undermines the vital relation-ship between health care providers and pa-tients, who rely on their health care pro-viders for complete and accurate informa-tion: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Sen-ate— (1) to recognize that the health of a patient should always come first and patients must be able to rely on their health care providers for medically accurate and evidence-based information about the full range of health care options, including information about access to safe and legal abortion; (2) to urge the development and mainte-nance of trust between patients and health care providers by protecting the ability of health care providers to give complete med-ical advice and information in order to en-sure no harm to patient health; (3) to encourage efforts to enhance patient quality of care and access to confidential and safe care for all patients; (4) to support efforts to promote the health care safety net; (5) to recognize that any nationwide gag rule prohibiting information flow between patients and health care providers represents a radical departure from how health care has operated in the United States and fundamen-tally erodes the right of patients to informed consent and the ability of health care pro-viders to provide appropriate and adequate health care and information; and (6) to oppose efforts seeking to limit access to, and full information on, reproductive health care options in contradiction with the congressional intent underlying title X of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300 et seq.). f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 527—CON-GRATULATING THE PEOPLE OF GEORGIA ON THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF ITS DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE AS A DEMO-CRATIC REPUBLIC AND RE-AFFIRMING THE STRENGTH OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND GEOR-GIA Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , and Mr. I SAKSON ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 527 Whereas, in 1918, the people of Georgia es-tablished the Democratic Republic of Geor-gia; Whereas Georgia was illegally invaded and annexed by the Soviet Red Army in 1921, leading to 70 years of Soviet occupation until 1991, when Georgia regained its independ-ence; Whereas the territorial integrity of Geor-gia has been continually reaffirmed by the international community, international law, and over 30 United Nations Security Council resolutions since 1993; Whereas the Russian Federation’s invasion of Georgia in August 2008 resulted in civilian and military causalities, the occupation of two Georgian regions, Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, and the violation of Georgia’s sovereignty and terri-torial integrity; Whereas hundreds of thousands of inter-nally displaced civilians were forcefully ex-pelled from the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali re-gion/South Ossetia of Georgia in the 1990s, and again in 2008, and continue to be de-prived of the right to return in a safe and dignified manner; Whereas the Russian Federation continues to violate the European Union-mediated, Au-gust 12, 2008, Ceasefire Agreement between Georgia and the Russian Federation; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation has intensified steps to separate Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia from the rest of Georgia by con-tinuing its fortification of the occupation lines and constructing barbed wire fences to further divide the population; Whereas Georgia remains in full compli-ance with the European Union-mediated, Au-gust 12, 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, and con-tinues its efforts to reach tangible results in the Geneva International Discussions; Whereas the human rights situation in the Russian-occupied Georgian territories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia has deteriorated, and the Parliament of Georgia adopted a resolution on March 21, 2018, in recognition of this fact; Whereas the United States Government supports Georgia’s sovereignty and right to choose its own alliances, and recognizes the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali/South Ossetia as Russian Federa-tion-occupied territories within the inter-nationally recognized borders of Georgia; Whereas the United States-Georgia Stra-tegic Partnership, signed in January 2009, outlines the importance of bilateral efforts to advance cooperation in the areas of edu-cation, public outreach, health, and cultural exchanges to ensure the strong and enduring people-to-people ties between the United States and Georgia; Whereas the Memorandum on Deepening the Defense and Security Partnership be-tween the United States and Georgia, signed in July 2016, enhances the defense and secu-rity cooperation and reinforces our shared determination to strengthen Georgia’s resil-ience and self-defense capabilities; Whereas relations between the United States and Georgia have developed into a strong alliance based on shared values and principles; Whereas, since 1994, the Georgia National Guard has had a partnership with the coun-try of Georgia through the National Guard State Partnership Program, helping build ca-pacity among partner forces and providing deterrence against the aggression of the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation; Whereas the Government of Georgia has shown an unwavering commitment to strengthening transatlantic security by being the largest non-NATO troop contrib-utor to the International Security Assist-ance Force mission in Afghanistan and one of the top overall contributors to Resolute Support; Whereas the Government of Georgia has been a leader of the region in democratic de-velopment and has initiated positive com-mitments in the areas of judicial reforms, strengthening the role of Parliament, and utilizing international election monitoring organizations and transparency; Whereas, on August 1, 2017, Vice President Mike Pence visited Georgia to condemn the Russian Federation’s occupation of Georgian territory and attend Exercise Noble Partner, involving 800 Georgian and 1,600 United States troops; Whereas, on November 20, 2017, the Depart-ment of State made a determination approv-ing a sale of the Javelin missile system to Georgia, providing increased capacity to meet Georgia’s national defense require-ments; Whereas, on January 26, 2018, the United States Government condemned the Russian Federation’s ratification of an agreement with de facto leaders of South Ossetia re-garding a joint military force; and Whereas a democratic and stable Georgia is in the political, security, and economic in-terests of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the people of Georgia on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of the first Democratic Republic of Georgia; (2) acknowledges the close and enduring strategic partnership and strong alliance be-tween the United States and Georgia; (3) supports strengthening the defense and security cooperation between the United States and Georgia; (4) supports further developing trade and commerce relations between the United States and Georgia; (5) reaffirms the support of the United States for Georgia’s accession to NATO; (6) continues to condemn the Russian Fed-eration’s occupation of Georgian sovereign territory, and recognizes Georgia’s regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia as Russian-occupied territories with-in the internationally recognized borders of Georgia; (7) remembers the victims of the August 2008 war between Georgia and the Russian Federation; (8) condemns human rights abuses by the Government of the Russian Federation in the occupied Georgian territories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia, including the recent killing of Geor-gian citizens Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria, and Davit Basharuli; (9) reaffirms the support of the United States for a peaceful, unified Georgia and a secure future for the region; (10) reaffirms the necessity of the imple-mentation of the August, 12, 2008, Ceasefire Agreement that stipulates the withdrawal of Russian Federation forces to their pre-con-flict locations and establishes international security mechanisms on the ground; (11) emphasizes the importance of ensuring the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons; and (12) recognizes the Government of Geor-gia’s ongoing efforts to strengthen democ-racy in Georgia by implementing reforms that expand media transparency and free-doms, increase government transparency, ac-countability, and responsiveness, promote political competition and democratic elec-toral processes, and strengthen judicial inde-pendence and the rule of law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.040 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2940 May 24, 2018 
SENATE RESOLUTION 528—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF MAY 20 THROUGH MAY 26, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL PUBLIC WORKS WEEK’’ Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Ms. H
AR-
RIS, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Ms. S MITH, Mr. K ING, Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , and Mrs. F ISCHER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 528 Whereas public works infrastructure, fa-cilities, and services are of vital importance to the health, safety, and well-being of the people of the United States; Whereas the public works infrastructure, facilities, and services could not be provided without the dedicated efforts of public works professionals, including engineers and ad-ministrators, who represent State and local governments throughout the United States; Whereas public works professionals design, build, operate, and maintain the transpor-tation systems, water infrastructure, sewage and refuse disposal systems, public buildings, and other structures and facilities that are vital to the people and communities of the United States; and Whereas understanding the role that public infrastructure plays in protecting the envi-ronment, improving public health and safe-ty, contributing to economic vitality, and enhancing the quality of life of every com-munity of the United States is in the inter-est of the people of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of May 20 through May 26, 2018, as ‘‘National Public Works Week’’; (2) recognizes and celebrates the important contributions that public works profes-sionals make every day to improve— (A) the public infrastructure of the United States; and (B) the communities that public works pro-fessionals serve; and (3) urges individuals and communities throughout the United States to join with representatives of the Federal Government and the American Public Works Association in activities and ceremonies that are de-signed— (A) to pay tribute to the public works pro-fessionals of the United States; and (B) to recognize the substantial contribu-tions that public works professionals make to the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 529—PRO-MOTING MINORITY HEALTH AWARENESS AND SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NA-TIONAL MINORITY HEALTH MONTH IN APRIL 2018, WHICH IN-CLUDE BRINGING ATTENTION TO THE HEALTH DISPARITIES FACED BY MINORITY POPU-LATIONS OF THE UNITED STATES SUCH AS AMERICAN IN-DIANS, ALASKAN NATIVES, ASIAN AMERICANS, AFRICAN AMERICANS, HISPANICS, AND NATIVE HAWAIIANS OR OTHER PACIFIC ISLANDERS Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. S
COTT, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. R UBIO, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. SANDERS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 529 Whereas the origin of National Minority Health Month is National Negro Health Week, established in 1915 by Dr. Booker T. Washington; Whereas the theme for National Minority Health Month in 2018 is ‘‘Partnering for Health Equity’’; Whereas the Department of Health and Human Services has set goals and strategies to advance the safety, health, and well-being of the people of the United States; Whereas a study by the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, entitled ‘‘The Economic Burden of Health Inequal-ities in the United States’’, concludes that, between 2003 and 2006, the combined cost of health inequalities and premature death in the United States was $1,240,000,000,000; Whereas African American women were as likely to have been diagnosed with breast cancer as non-Hispanic White women, but African American women were almost 41 per-cent more likely to die from breast cancer than non-Hispanic White women between 2011 and 2015; Whereas African American women lose their lives to cervical cancer at twice the rate of non-Hispanic White women; Whereas African American men are 60 per-cent more likely to die from a stroke than non-Hispanic White men; Whereas Hispanics have higher rates of end-stage renal disease caused by diabetes, and are 40 percent more likely to die of dia-betes, than non-Hispanic Whites; Whereas the HIV diagnosis rate among His-panic men is more than 3 times the HIV di-agnosis rate among non-Hispanic White men; Whereas the HIV diagnosis rate among His-panic women is more than 4 times the HIV diagnosis rate among non-Hispanic White women; Whereas, in 2016, although African Ameri-cans represented only 12 percent of the popu-lation of the United States, African Ameri-cans accounted for 44 percent of HIV infec-tions; Whereas, in 2015, African American youth accounted for an estimated 55 percent, and Hispanic youth accounted for an estimated 24 percent, of all new HIV infections among youth in the United States; Whereas, in 2016, Native Hawaiians and Pa-cific Islanders were 1.6 times more likely to be diagnosed with HIV than non-Hispanic Whites; Whereas Native Hawaiians living in the State of Hawaii are 2.4 times more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes than non-His-panic Whites living in Hawaii; Whereas Native Hawaiians and Pacific Is-landers are 30 percent more likely to be diag-nosed with cancer than non-Hispanic Whites; Whereas, although the prevalence of obe-sity is high among all population groups in the United States, in 2015, 44 percent of American Indian and Alaskan Natives, 35 percent of Native Hawaiian and Pacific Is-landers, 40 percent of African Americans, 32 percent of Hispanics, 29 percent of non-His-panic Whites, and 11 percent of Asian Ameri-cans more than 18 years old were obese (not including overweight); Whereas, in 2015, Asian Americans were 1.7 times more likely than non-Hispanic Whites to contract Hepatitis A; Whereas, among all ethnic groups in 2015, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders had the highest incidence of Hepatitis A; Whereas Asian Americans are 2 times more likely than non-Hispanic Whites to develop chronic Hepatitis B; Whereas of the children living with diag-nosed perinatal HIV in 2015, 64 percent were African American, 15 percent were Hispanic, and 11 percent were non-Hispanic Whites; Whereas the Department of Health and Human Services has identified heart disease, stroke, cancer, and diabetes as 4 of the 10 leading causes of death among American In-dians and Alaskan Natives; Whereas American Indians and Alaskan Natives die from diabetes, alcoholism, unin-tentional injuries, homicide, and suicide at higher rates than other people in the United States; Whereas American Indians and Alaskan Natives have a life expectancy that is 4.4 years shorter than the life expectancy of the overall population of the United States; Whereas African American women die from childbirth or pregnancy-related causes at a rate that is 3 to 4 times higher than the rate for non-Hispanic White women; Whereas African American babies are 3.2 times more likely than non-Hispanic White babies to die due to complications related to low birth weight; Whereas American Indian and Alaskan Na-tive babies are twice as likely as non-His-panic White babies to die from sudden infant death syndrome; Whereas American Indian and Alaskan Na-tives have 1.6 times the infant mortality rate as that of non-Hispanic Whites; Whereas American Indian and Alaskan Na-tive babies are 70 percent more likely to die from accidental deaths before their first birthday than non-Hispanic White babies; Whereas sickle cell disease affects approxi-mately 100,000 people in the United States, occurring in approximately 1 out of every 365 African American births and 1 out of every 16,300 Hispanic births; Whereas only 9.5 percent of Native Hawai-ian and Pacific Islanders, 6.8 percent of Asian Americans, 8 percent of Hispanics, 9 percent of African Americans, and 14 percent of American Indians and Alaska Natives re-ceived mental health treatment or coun-seling in the past year, compared to 18 per-cent of non-Hispanic Whites; Whereas marked differences in the social determinants of health can lead to poor health outcomes and declines in longevity; and Whereas community-based health care ini-tiatives, such as prevention-focused pro-grams, present a unique opportunity to use innovative approaches to improve health practices across the United States and to re-duce disparities among racial and ethnic mi-nority populations: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports the goals and ideals of National Minority Health Month in April 2018, which include bringing attention to the health disparities faced by minority populations in the United States, such as American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Asian Americans, African Americans, His-panics, and Native Hawaiians or other Pa-cific Islanders. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 530—RECOG-NIZING THE SIGNIFICANCE OF ASIAN/PACIFIC AMERICAN HER-ITAGE MONTH AS AN IMPOR-TANT TIME TO CELEBRATE THE SIGNIFICANT CONTRIBUTIONS OF ASIAN AMERICANS AND PACIFIC ISLANDERS TO THE HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. K AINE, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.042 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2941 May 24, 2018 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. H ELL-
ER) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 530 Whereas the people of the United States join together each May to pay tribute to the contributions of generations of Asian Ameri-cans and Pacific Islanders who have enriched the history of the United States; Whereas the history of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders in the United States is inextricably tied to the story of the United States; Whereas the Asian American and Pacific Islander community is an inherently diverse population, comprised of over 45 distinct ethnicities and over 100 language dialects; Whereas, according to the Bureau of the Census, the Asian American population grew faster than any other racial or ethnic group over the last decade, surging nearly 72 per-cent between 2000 and 2015; Whereas there are approximately 21,000,000 residents of the United States who identify themselves as Asian and approximately 1,500,000 residents of the United States who identify themselves as Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, making up nearly 6 percent of the total population of the United States; Whereas the month of May was selected for Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month be-cause the first Japanese immigrants arrived in the United States on May 7, 1843, and the first transcontinental railroad was com-pleted on May 10, 1869, with substantial con-tributions from Chinese immigrants; Whereas section 102 of title 36, United States Code, officially designates May as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and requests the President to issue an annual proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe the month with ap-propriate programs, ceremonies, and activi-ties; Whereas 2018 marks several important milestones for the Asian American and Pa-cific Islander community, including— (1) the 120th anniversary of United States v. Wong Kim Ark, 169 U.S. 649 (1898), a Su-preme Court decision that determined that the 14th Amendment grants birthright citi-zenship to all persons born in the United States, regardless of the national origin of their parents; (2) the 75th anniversary of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to repeal the Chinese Exclusion Acts, to establish quotas, and for other pur-poses’’, approved December 17, 1943 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Magnuson Act of 1943’’) (57 Stat. 600, chapter 344), which formally re-pealed the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to execute certain treaty stipulations relating to Chi-nese’’, approved May 6, 1882 (commonly known as the ‘‘Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882’’) (22 Stat. 58, chapter 126); (3) the 30th anniversary of the passage of the Civil Liberties Act of 1988 (50 U.S.C. 4211 et seq.), which granted reparations to Japa-nese Americans incarcerated during World War II; and (4) the 25th anniversary of the enactment of Public Law 103–150 (107 Stat. 1510), which acknowledged the 100th anniversary of the January 17, 1893, overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii and offered an apology to Native Hawaiians on behalf of the United States; Whereas Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers have made significant contributions to the United States at all levels of the Fed-eral Government and the United States Armed Forces, including— (1) Daniel K. Inouye, a Medal of Honor and Presidential Medal of Freedom recipient who, as President Pro Tempore of the Sen-ate, was the highest-ranking Asian American government official in the history of the United States; (2) Dalip Singh Saund, the first Asian American Congressman; (3) Patsy T. Mink, the first woman of color and Asian American woman to be elected to Congress; (4) Hiram L. Fong, the first Asian Amer-ican Senator; and (5) Daniel K. Akaka, the first Senator of Native Hawaiian ancestry; Whereas the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, a bicameral caucus of Members of Congress advocating on behalf of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, is composed of 63 Members this year, including 17 Members of Asian or Pacific Islander de-scent; Whereas, in 2018, Asian Americans and Pa-cific Islanders are serving in State and Terri-torial legislatures across the United States in record numbers, including in— (1) the States of Alaska, Arizona, Cali-fornia, Connecticut, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, and West Virginia; and (2) the Territories of American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands; Whereas the commitment of the United States to diversity in the judiciary has been demonstrated by the nominations of high- caliber Asian American and Pacific Islander jurists at all levels of the Federal bench; Whereas there remains much to be done to ensure that Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers have access to resources and a voice in the government of the United States and continue to advance in the political land-scape of the United States; and Whereas celebrating Asian/Pacific Amer-ican Heritage Month provides the people of the United States with an opportunity to recognize the achievements, contributions, and history of, and to understand the chal-lenges faced by, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the significance of Asian/Pa-cific American Heritage Month as an impor-tant time to celebrate the significant con-tributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers to the history of the United States; and (2) recognizes that Asian American and Pa-cific Islander communities enhance the rich diversity of and strengthen the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 531—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF MAY 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL BRAIN TUMOR AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 531 Whereas an estimated 78,980 new cases of primary and non-malignant tumors in the brain and central nervous system are ex-pected to be diagnosed in the United States during calendar year 2018; Whereas up to 500,000 individuals were di-agnosed with metastatic brain tumors that were the result of cancer spreading from an-other part of the body to the brain in 2016; Whereas pediatric brain tumors are the leading cause of death from cancer in chil-dren under the age of 19; Whereas the average survival rate in the United States for all malignant brain tumor patients is only 34.9 percent; Whereas an estimated 16,616 people in the United States will lose their battle with a primary brain tumor during calendar year 2018; Whereas brain tumors may be malignant or benign, but can be life-threatening in ei-ther case; Whereas nearly 700,000 people in the United States are currently living with a brain tumor; Whereas treatment of brain tumors is com-plicated by the fact that there are more than 130 different types of tumors; Whereas the treatment and removal of brain tumors present significant challenges because of the uniquely complex and fragile nature of the brain; Whereas brain tumors affect the primary organ in the human body that not only con-trols cognitive ability, but the actions of every other organ and limb in the body, lead-ing to brain tumors being described as a dis-ease that affects the whole individual; Whereas brain tumor research is supported by a number of private, nonprofit research foundations, and by institutes at the Na-tional Institutes of Health, including the Na-tional Cancer Institute and the National In-stitute for Neurological Disorders and Stroke; Whereas basic research advances may fuel research and development of new treatments for brain tumors; Whereas there remain challenging obsta-cles to the development of new treatments for brain tumors, and there are no strategies for screening or early detection of brain tu-mors; Whereas, despite the number of people newly diagnosed with a brain tumor every year, and their devastating prognoses, there have only been 4 drugs and 1 device approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat brain tumors during the preceding 30 years; Whereas the mortality rates associated with brain tumors have changed little during the past 30 years; Whereas there is a need for greater public awareness of brain tumors, including the dif-ficulties associated with research on those tumors and the opportunities for advances in brain tumor research and treatment; and Whereas May 2018, when brain tumor advo-cates nationwide unite in awareness, out-reach, and advocacy activities, is an appro-priate month to recognize as ‘‘National Brain Tumor Awareness Month’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of May 2018 as ‘‘National Brain Tumor Awareness Month’’; (2) encourages increased public awareness of brain tumors to honor those who have lost their lives to that devastating disease or are currently living with a brain tumor diag-nosis; (3) supports efforts to develop better treat-ments for brain tumors that will improve the quality of life and the long-term prognosis of those individuals diagnosed with a brain tumor; (4) expresses its support for those individ-uals who are battling brain tumors, as well as the families, friends, and caregivers of those individuals; and (5) urges a collaborative approach to brain tumor research, which is a promising means of advancing understanding of, and treat-ment for, brain tumors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.043 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2942 May 24, 2018 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I am glad to introduce a resolution to des-ignate May 2018 ‘‘National Brain Tumor Awareness Month.’’ It is my hope that this resolution will show our support for the patients battling brain tumors, as well as their families, and friends who fight alongside them. It is estimated that 78,980 new cases of pri-mary and non-malignant tumors in the brain and central nervous system will be diagnosed and 16,616 people in the United States will lose their battle with a primary brain tumor this year alone. This resolution will increase public awareness and honor those who have suffered, or are suffering from a brain tumor, while encouraging re-searchers to redouble their efforts in the search for a cure. I thank Senator M
ARKEY and our bipartisan colleagues for their support for this important cause. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mrs. FISHER. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 24, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Cyberse-curity: Risks to the financial services industry and its preparedness.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 24, 2018, at 9 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Rural Health Care in American: Chal-lenges and Opportunities.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 23, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the nomination of John J. Bartrum, of In-diana, to be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, May 23, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 24, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on pending legislation and the following nominations: Andrew S. Oldham, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Michael J. Truncale, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, Erica H. Mac-Donald, to be United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota, Ryan Wesley Bounds, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, J. Campbell Barker, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Susan Brnovich, to be United States District Judge for the District of Arizona, Chad F. Kenney, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Jer-emy D. Kernodle, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Maureen K. Ohlhausen, to be Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, Scott Patrick Illing, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Louisiana. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 24, 2018, at 2 p.m. to conduct a closed hearing. 
f 
VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 399, H.R. 4910. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4910) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial recep-tacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4910) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
HERSHEL ‘‘WOODY’’ WILLIAMS VA MEDICAL CENTER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 3663 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 3663) to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3663) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
NATIONAL PUBLIC WORKS WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 528, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 528) designating the week of May 20 through May 26, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Public Works Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 528) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PROMOTING MINORITY HEALTH AWARENESS AND SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NA-TIONAL MINORITY HEALTH MONTH IN APRIL 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 529, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 529) promoting minor-ity health awareness and supporting the goals and ideals of National Minority Health Month in April 2018, which include bringing attention to the health disparities faced by minority populations of the United States such as American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Asian Americans, African Americans, His-panics, and Native Hawaiians or other Pa-cific Islanders. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the meas-ure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.044 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2943 May 24, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 529) was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the pre-amble be agreed to and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF MAY 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL BRAIN TUMOR AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 531, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 531) expressing sup-port for the designation of May 2018 as ‘‘Na-tional Brain Tumor Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 531) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, MAY 25, 2018, THROUGH MONDAY JUNE 4, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, May 25, at 11 a.m.; Tuesday, May 29, at 9 a.m.; Thursday, May 31, at 11:30 a.m. I further ask that when the Senate ad-journs on Thursday, May 31, it next convene at 3 p.m., Monday, June 4; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; fur-ther, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Wier nomination; finally, that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture motions filed during to-day’s session ripen at 5:30 p.m., Mon-day, June 4. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:23 p.m., adjourned until Friday, May 25, 2018, at 11 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
CHRISTOPHER FALL, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF SCIENCE, DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, VICE CHERRY ANN MURRAY. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
RONALD GIDWITZ, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF BEL-GIUM. DONALD LU, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KYRGYZ REPUBLIC. RONALD MORTENSEN, OF UTAH, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (POPULATION, REFUGEES, AND MIGRATION), VICE ANNE CLAIRE RICHARD. DENISE NATALI, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (CONFLICT AND STABILIZATION OPERATIONS), VICE DAVID MALCOLM ROBINSON, RE-SIGNED. ALAINA B. TEPLITZ, OF COLORADO, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA, AND TO SERVE CONCURRENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MALDIVES. CHRISTINE J. TORETTI, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE AM-BASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MALTA. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
JOSEPH B. RYAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL FRANCIS ADAMITIS RUSSELL L. ADAMS KIMBERLY M. AINSWORTH DAVID GEORGE ALLEN KEOLANI W. BAILEY SONYA JEAN BATCHELOR MATTHEW GRANT BRANCATO GENE C. BUCKNER LAURA POLZ CAPUTO JEFFERY GUY CARLTON JUSTIN JONATHAN CHAPMAN MARCIA LYNN COLE BRUCE ALLEN COWAN TROY A. CRAMER JEREMIAH J. CRUZ ALBERT JOSEPH DANZA JOHN J. DEVINE TROY A. DRENNAN MARC ANTHONY ECCHER DAVID B. ETHEREDGE CHRISTOPHER PETER FILER DANIEL PATRICK FINNEGAN KIMBERLY A. FITZGERALD JOHN PAUL FLINT DARRELL L. FUN LARRY EUGENE GARDNER TIMOTHY JOSEPH GORDON BRIAN JAMES GRASKY ASHLEY E. GROVES STEPHANIE L. HAINES DAVID L. HALASIKUN KENT ERWIN HARBAUGH, JR. JEFFREY TODD HILLS SUSANNE MARIE HISCOCK AMY D. HOLBECK CHRISTOPHER J. HOWARD MICHAEL A. HRYNCIW III MATTHEW R. HUMMEL MARK ALAN HURLEY JENNY LORAN JOHNSON MARK R. JOHNSON WILLIAM DAVID JOHNSTON ROBBY A. KEY KYLE M. KOVARIK CHRISTINE M. KROMIS RANDOLPH LEON LAKE ERIC LEE LAUGHTON BRIAN JOSEPH LAURI SCOTT W. LERDON TINA LOUISE LIPSCOMB JOSEPH FRANKLIN LOGAN ROGER D. LUDWIG CLARENCE K. MAYNUS, JR. ROBERT D. MCCULLERS MARK ELLIOTT MCDANIEL TERESA JANIE MCDONALD DANIEL TIMOTHY MCGEE RYAN TAYLOR MCGUIRE MICHAEL BERT MEASON CHARLES C. MERKEL GARY S. MONROE DARYL EUGENE NEWHART JULIAN LEONARD PACHECO CHRISTOPHER J. PAROT GARY E. PELLETIER GEOFFREY ALAN PETYAK BRANT ALLEN PUTNAM KENNETH J. RADFORD, JR. MICHAEL J. REVIT DAVID HERBERT RICE STEVEN ROTHSTEIN JOSEPH L. RUEGEMER JAMES CORBY SCOTT HOLLY M. SHENEFELT DAVID WILLIAM SHEVCHIK CHRISTIAN B. SHUE ROBERT A. SIAU CHRISTOPHER B. SIGLER KARLYN KATHRYN SLAYDON JOHN P. SORGINI II JOHN LEROY STEELE III DANA RENE STEFANEC TAMMY DENISE STREET PAUL J. SYRIBEYS DEREK RYAN TATE STEVEN RALPH THOMAS JON S. TRAINER KRISTINA A. TWEEDY BART T. VANROO JEFFREY R. WALES CARYN CHRISTINE WARREN ANDREW JOSEF WINEBERGER LESLIE ANN ZYZDAMARTIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant colonel 
BARBARA B. ACEVEDO MARY A. BAUZA LAWVER KENNETH L. BEADLE ERIKA L. BEST SCOTT A. BLACK BRYAN W. BOVITZ TRACY A. BRANNOCK BENNETT SAUNYA N. BRIGHT PETER E. CARRA VICKI L. CHARBONNEAU BRIAN M. CLARKE WILLIAM P. CLARKSON II SHAUNA G. CRIM DANNY C. DACEY JESSICA DEES KIERAN K. DHILLON DARRICK N. DURAN JOSHUA M. ELSTON SEAN J. ESTRADA CASSANDRA J. GILBERT MARC J. GRAESSLE HEIDI L. GRANDIN STEPHANIE K. HARLEY SHANNON E. HUNT DEBORAH L. KARRER TRACY E. MAYFIELD KIMBERLY A. MCCOY SINGH JULIE M. MEEK DONALD T. MICHAEL REBEKAH R. MOONEY BRANDON C. MORGAN CHAD E. MORROW MICHAEL C. RENKAS PATRICE L. REVIEREBUFORD DAVID M. STUEVER MELISSA L. TENNANT SAMUEL B. TOBLER JOHN M. TONARELLI AARON D. TRITCH JOHN W. WAGGONER SHAWNEE A. WILLIAMS DAVID S. WINTER HEATH S. WOOCKMAN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.054 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2944 May 24, 2018 
HEIDI P. WORLEY CHRISTY L. ZAHN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MAC B. CARTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
PATRICIA YOUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
DIEGO L. BECERRA III EPIFANIO M. GARZA, JR ANTONIO J. HARDY NATALIE A. JUHLIN MICHAEL E. ZELLOUS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
PATRICK M. ABELL ANTHONY K. ATLAS, SR. RONALD L. BAHL CLINT A. BARNES DAVID K. BASHAW CHARLES R. BELL MICHAEL J. BORGEL KEVIN D. BRANCH BRENDA M. BROCKINGTON RANDALL S. BROWN TONRI C. BROWN ANGELA A. BUTTS ANDREW D. CECIL DARYL A. CHAMBERLAIN JOSEPH B. CORCORAN III RICHARD W. CORNER II JOSEPH F. COX BILL R. CROUSE DAPHNE D. DAVIS JOSEPH M. DREKSLER GARY A. DUFF LORENZO L. EASON, JR. CARLOS E. ESPARRA TRICIA A. GINTHER DANIEL J. GRASSETTI JOSHUA R. HEGAR FREDERICK A. HOCKETT, JR. HOWARD M. KEEBLER STEVEN P. KISNER STEPHEN W. LADD LISA M. LAMB CHARLES W. LEWIS MARKUS J. LEWIS URBI N. LEWIS PEGGY R. MCMANUS KYLE A. MYERS MARTIN J. NARANJO MARK A. NED JAY P. OTKEN SCOTT N. PARKER DAVID W. PAYNE, JR. ROBERT L. PENN MONICA M. RADTKE ANTIONETTE N. RAINEY LEAH M. REID MARK F. SCHOENFELD TOMIKA M. SEABERRY EFREM Z. SLAUGHTER DAVID R. SONNEK DAVID J. SPESS VICTOR H. SUNDQUIST KATHERINE A. TROMBLEY FRANK S. VICTOR CHRISTOPHER W. WARNER SMITH A. M. WILLIAMS CLAUDE WOODS, JR. ALBERT F. YONKOVITZ, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
GEORGE R. K. ACREE MICHAEL A. AKE ERIK ANDERSEN TROY E. ARMSTRONG JEFFREY R. BAKER RAYMOND J. BARNES RANDALL D. BARTON ANDREW J. BATES FREDERICK W. V. BATES BRUCE A. BECKER MARC E. BELSCAMPER THOMAS E. BENTON GLORIA A. BERLANGA ERIC G. BEUERMAN MICHAEL T. BICE KEVIN M. BIGGIE JEFFREY M. BILODEAU WILLIAM L. BLANCO GERALD W. BODNAR RONALD W. BONESZ MARLON C. BRANNAN JAMES H. BRIDGMAN MAX A. BROSIG JEFFREY K. BROWNLEE TIFFANY A. BUETHE CHRISTOPHER T. BURT RICHARD F. BURTT ADAM M. CALDERON CHRISTOPHER A. CALDWELL ANDREW J. CALIENDO KRISTINE L. CAMBRE HENRY T. CAPELLO, JR. SIDNEY U. CARDOZO DANIEL J. CARROLL PAUL A. CERNIAUSKAS CATHERINE L. CHERRY JOHN G. CHURCH JOHN M. CLINE ANTHONY J. CLOUD EDWARD A. CLOYD JOSEPH A. COGNITORE ANDREW W. COLLINS JELORA J. COMAN MICHAEL F. COTE JOHN C. CRAWSON KEVIN B. CREECH SHANE C. CROFTS GENE M. CUMMINS HUBERT L. DAVIDSON, JR. JUSTIN H. DAVIS WILLIAM R. DAVIS RONALD E. DELOATCH STEVEN W. DENNEY MICHAEL J. DIAZ WILLIAM L. DIONNE ANDREW E. DODSON DAVID R. DORAN JON K. DYER ROBERT A. EASON III PAMELA L. ELLISON JEFFREY W. ERDLEY DIRK D. ERICKSON TODD M. ESSING JON D. FARR CARL A. FASSBENDER JAMES R. FIDLER PETER E. FIORENTINO ANTHONY P. FLOOD JORGE M. FONSECA BRIAN H. FOULK ANTHONY D. FULTON WILLIAM B. GENTLE WALTER R. GILL JOHN A. GOBEL RUSSELL P. GRANT III ROBERT A. GRAVES RANDALL E. GREEN ELTON S. GRIFFIN JOHN E. GRIFFIS KIMBERLY HAMLIN ANTHONY S. HAMMETT COLBY Q. HAMMONDS JAY T. HANCOCK RICHARD P. HANES JOSEPH A. HARO MICHELE P. HARPER JASON T. HART TONY L. HASSLER MARK A. HATFIELD MICHAEL C. HENDERSON KRISTINE L. HENRY THOMAS L. HERNANDEZ ROBERT C. HERNDON DAVID E. HICKETHIER CHAD A. HIGGINBOTHAM JAVONTKA R. HOEFLEIN REUBEN J. HOKANSON ROBERT J. HOWARD ROBERT W. HUGHES, JR. JOHN T. HYATT DWIGHT D. IKENBERRY ALBERTO IRIZARRYORTIZ NICHOLAS P. JASKOLSKI GRAY A. JOHNSON, JR. JULIUS M. JOHNSON MICHAEL A. JONES MATTHEW L. JORDAN ROBERT J. KADAVY TIMOTHY T. KEMP KRIS A. KOUGH JASON L. LAMBERT MATTHEW B. LAMBETH MARY F. LAUMBACH ERIC J. LECKEL ROBERT A. LEE HAYMET LLOVET STANLEY R. MANES DANIEL T. MARKERT JOEL L. MARTIN DAVID MASON, JR. DONALD M. MCCARTY FRANK J. MCGOVERN IV JOHN S. MCKAY JOSEPH B. MERRILL JOYCE L. MERRILL JAMES C. MEYER DANIEL D. MINER, JR. OLIVER F. MINTZ DEREK G. MIXON MICHAEL J. MOFFIT PATRICK R. MONAHAN MICHAEL K. MORENI SETH L. MORGULAS DONALD J. MOSINSKI LISA A. MULLINAX AUGUST T. MURRAY ALEJANDRO NAVARRETE CHRISTIAN M. NEARY DAVID G. NEARY MARK J. NELSON EVERTON E. NEVERS GERALD L. NEWMAN KELVIN C. NICHOLS KENNETH A. NILES COLIN S. NOYES ROBERT W. OCONNELL VINCENT M. ORLANDO ORLANDO G. ORTEGA EDWARD J. OSHEEHAN DOUGLAS E. PALMER ROCHELLE T. PARKS ROBERT M. PARSONS LYNN A. PATE MICHAEL D. PAZDERNIK PATRICK J. PELLETIER GLEN R. PETERSEN LISA A. PIERCE TIMOTHY D. PILLION JOHN R. PIPPY ANTHONY B. POOLE JOHN T. PRESTON ALFRED C. PRILL CESAR V. PUDIQUET CLINE R. PYATT RICARDO QUILES JAMES A. REED DANIEL A. REICHEN KEITH E. ROBINSON MOSES P. ROBINSON II JOHN B. RUNY KEVIN C. SANDERS DANA P. SANDERSUDO SIMON L. SCHAEFER ANDREW C. SCHULTE STANLEY Y. SEO ALEXANDER M. SHARPE MICHAEL P. SHOEN DAYMONE A. SIMMONS KEVIN L. SMITH RICHARD D. SNOWDALL GEORGE A. STAKIAS DAVID L. STEVENS ROBERT K. STINSON, JR. MICHAEL S. STRANSKY LUKE T. STRICKERT RICHARD M. SUDDER II MARK A. TALLO RONALD D. TAMMARO WILLIAM X. TAYLOR SCOTT C. THOMAS DONALD L. THOMSEN III DANA J. TOURANGEAU TODD A. TOWNSEND BARBARA P. TUCKER WILLIAM R. TUCKER II TODD J. TUTTLE MATTHEW W. TWOMBLY THEODORE O. UNBEHAGEN MICHAEL J. URRUTIA CATHLEEN A. VANBREE BARTHOLOMEW J. VERBANIC CHARLES C. VEREEN, JR. EDWARD J. WALLACE NORMAN P. WALLS KEVIN L. WARFIELD RUSSELL J. WARR MICHAEL W. WASHINGTON JEFFREY WATKINS CRAIG A. WEEDON BRENT A. WILKINS CHRISTOPHER M. WILLIAMS GERARD B. WILLIAMS II MICHAEL E. WILSON CRAIG C. WORSHAM KIMBERLEY A. YORK JAMES E. YOUNG III STEVEN S. ZEGA ARTHUR E. ZEGERS IV THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
MELISSA K. G. ADAMSKI JOSEPH W. ADAMSON NICHOLAS S. ADLER DAVID W. ALBERTSON, JR. BRENT W. ALLEN JAMES B. ALLEN HAROLD V. ANDERSON JOSEPH A. ASHER RICHARD AVILES MICHELLE M. AVOLIO THOMAS J. BROOKS SEAN S. BROWN KENNETH W. BRYANT RUSSELL B. CHAMBERS MARK I. CHOATE MICHAEL B. CLARK CHERYL A. CLEMENT DANIEL W. CLOYD PATRICK D. COMBS STACY A. CORDELL PAUL L. DEAL KELLY M. DICKERSON MICHAEL T. DOBBS JOHN G. DRAKEFORD LANCE R. DUELLMAN JOHN M. DUNN MICHAEL C. EHRENHOFER WILLIAM F. EHRHARDT STEPHANIE B. W. ELLIOTT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.001 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2945 May 24, 2018 
ANTHONY R. ELY THOMAS M. ESKOLA JAMES E. FERRON MICHAEL B. FIELD JOEL D. FISCHER MONICA M. FOLEY JOHN N. GAMBY CLAYTON E. GARDNER III GREGORY E. GIMENEZ JOHN R. GLORIOSO MARK F. GOELLER KRISTINA J. GREEN WILLIAM H. GUENTHER CLIFFORD R. GUNST MICHAEL J. HAHN LANCE J. HALDER RICHARD H. HALLIBURTON TRAVIS A. HARTMAN GAIL E. HEARD CEDRIC G. HILL LAURA A. HOWELL ANDREW R. HOWES BRADFORD L. HUGHES MICHAEL A. HUNTER BRYAN S. IRVINE CHRIS S. ISERI ANDRE L. JENKINS CHRISTIAN E. JENNI EDGAR R. JUGUETA KEITH K. KELLY LANCE A. KINCANON TINA L. KIRKPATRICK MICHAEL A. KLEPZIG HENRY R. KORF ERIC G. KRANTZ VANCE KUHNER ANDREWS C. A. MACK KIMBERLEY M. MARQUEZ RYAN C. MCDAVITT ANTHONY MERRIWEATHER MICHAEL W. MILLER KELLY L. MIMS FRANCISCO M. MORERA MICHAEL P. MORRIS ANHTUAN T. NGUYEN JAMES L. NINNIS PATRICK G. OLEARY STANLEY OSTREM LIONEL A. OVIDE KARL J. PAINTER CRISTINA PAOLONI MATTHEW A. PATTERSON CAROLINE R. POGGE JAMES F. PORTER KENNETH H. QUIMBY TIMOTHY S. RADOS RODNEY J. REGO STEVEN P. RESSLER JOHN D. RHODES BRIAN T. ROBERTS MARK S. ROBERTSON PHILIP F. ROMANELLI BRETT C. SAXON ELLIOT D. SCHROEDER DELBRIA D. SCOTT RICKY L. SEMPLE CLINTON C. SEYBOLD RICKY L. SHAWYER RACHEL E. SHERRER KENNETH A. SHUBERT STEPHEN W. SHUMWAY MICHAEL T. SLACK EARL C. SPARKS IV BERNARD J. STABINSKI NARVAEZ L. STINSON CHRISTOPHER M. SULLIVAN ROGER B. SWARTWOOD KENNETH TAFAO, JR. ANDREW J. TALMADGE LESLIE L. TEAGUE III KYLE B. TEAMEY PAUL D. TIESZEN BRIAN J. VANDEWAL EDWARD W. VANGIEZEN PAUL A. VENCILL CHARLES E. WACK STEPHEN G. WALDROP NATHANIEL P. WALTON ANGELIA R. C. WARD JAMES B. WEAVER DANIEL A. WHITLOCK ERIC M. WILSON BRIAN K. WOODFORD JAMES YI 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ADRAIN D. FELDER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ASHLEY D. GIBBS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
REYNALDO A. JORNACION CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate May 24, 2018: 
NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
ANNIE CAPUTO, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2021. DAVID WRIGHT, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2020. JEFFERY MARTIN BARAN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2023. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JAMES RANDOLPH EVANS, OF GEORGIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO LUXEMBOURG. 
FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
JELENA MCWILLIAMS, OF OHIO, TO BE CHAIRPERSON OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FEDERAL DE-POSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS. JELENA MCWILLIAMS, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS. 
CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING  
RUBYDEE CALVERT, OF WYOMING, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANU-ARY 31, 2022. LAURA GORE ROSS, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANU-ARY 31, 2022. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
DAVID B. CORNSTEIN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO HUNGARY. FRANCIS R. FANNON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF STATE (ENERGY RESOURCES). 
INTER –AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK  
ELIOT PEDROSA, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES ALTERNATE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE INTER– AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JONATHAN R. COHEN, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE THE DEPUTY REPRESENTA-TIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNITED NATIONS, WITH THE RANK AND STATUS OF AM-BASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY, AND THE DEPUTY REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA IN THE SECURITY COUNCIL OF THE UNITED NATIONS. JONATHAN R. COHEN, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SESSIONS OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS, DURING HIS TENURE OF SERVICE AS DEPUTY REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNITED NA-TIONS. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY COMMANDANT FOR MISSION SUPPORT, A PO-SITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MICHAEL F. MCALLISTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY COMMANDANT FOR OPERATIONS, A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U. S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. DANIEL B. ABEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. SCOTT A. BUSCHMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. LINDA L. FAGAN 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
GREGORY J. SLAVONIC, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. PETER G. VASELY 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DIRON J. CRUZ 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DANIEL T. LASICA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. BRADFORD J. SHWEDO 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ANTONIO A. AGUTO, JR. BRIG. GEN. MARIA B. BARRETT BRIG. GEN. XAVIER T. BRUNSON BRIG. GEN. CHARLES H. CLEVELAND BRIG. GEN. DOUGLAS C. CRISSMAN BRIG. GEN. BRADLEY K. DREYER BRIG. GEN. JEFFREY W. DRUSHAL BRIG. GEN. RAUL E. ESCRIBANO BRIG. GEN. JOHN R. EVANS, JR. BRIG. GEN. ANTONIO M. FLETCHER BRIG. GEN. SEAN A. GAINEY BRIG. GEN. STEVEN W. GILLAND BRIG. GEN. MARK W. GILLETTE BRIG. GEN. KARL H. GINGRICH BRIG. GEN. CHARLES R. HAMILTON BRIG. GEN. DAVID C. HILL BRIG. GEN. DAVID T. ISAACSON BRIG. GEN. KENNETH L. KAMPER BRIG. GEN. DONNA W. MARTIN BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH P. MCGEE BRIG. GEN. PAUL H. PARDEW BRIG. GEN. PATRICK B. ROBERSON BRIG. GEN. ANDREW M. ROHLING BRIG. GEN. RICHARD M. TOY BRIG. GEN. JOEL K. TYLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S. C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. WENDY L. HARTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. SHAN K. BAGBY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL L. PLACE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. CRAIG S. FALLER 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. WARREN D. BERRY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DONALD E. KIRKLAND 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.003 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2946 May 24, 2018 
WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DARSIE D. ROGERS, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. BRADLEY A. BECKER 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. MICHAEL M. GILDAY 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. LEWIS A. CRAPAROTTA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. DANIEL J. O’DONOHUE 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DAVID B. BURGY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHELE C. EDMONDSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JEFFREY S. SCHEIDT 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOSEPH M. MARTIN 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOSEPH L. OSTERMAN 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
ERICA H. MACDONALD, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. SCOTT PATRICK ILLING, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF LOU-ISIANA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MCKISA P. FRYER, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AARON J. OELRICH AND ENDING WITH GREGORY P. NORTON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF RYAN C. BOYLE, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHAD J. KIMBROUGH AND ENDING WITH TRAVIS K. PUGH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 15, 2018. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF TODD M. YOSICK, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MITCHELL P. KREUZE, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF SHERYL L. ANTHOS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARK A. CRIMALDI AND ENDING WITH JAMES A. WATSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 24, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DERRICK J. CHACON AND ENDING WITH TODD M. LEEDS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 24, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF JAMES E. SMITH, JR., TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALLEN D. ALDENBERG AND ENDING WITH TIMOTHY A. WOOD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WILLIAM J. GRIMES AND ENDING WITH JEREMY P. MOUNT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID W. EASTBURN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ZINA L. ROBERTS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRADFORD M. BURRIS AND ENDING WITH JOHN H. COCHRAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF COURTNEY T. TRIPP, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF TAM BUI, TO BE MAJOR. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JUSTIN J. ANDERSON AND ENDING WITH ROBERT C. ZYLA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ARMANDO ACOSTA, JR. AND ENDING WITH ROGER M. WOOD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JAMES B. THOMPSON, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JON C. PETERSON, TO BE MAJOR. IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF JASON A. PARISH, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF HISHAM K. SEMAAN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF THOMAS A. ESPARZA, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF JUSTIN S. HEITMAN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF BRIAN P. WALSH, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF JUSTIN M. ADCOCK, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF DANIEL A. WARD, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF ROBERT M. HESS, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF SAMANTHA J. SAVAGE, TO BE COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF NEIL PARTAIN, TO BE LIEUTEN-ANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF GABRIEL F. SANTIAGO, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GREGORY N. AN-DERSON AND ENDING WITH JACOB H. WEBB, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATION OF DAVID A. BESACHIO, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF EVAN E. WERNER, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF KEVIN B. SMITH, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AUGUSTINO ALBANESE II AND ENDING WITH NICHOLAS P. ZIESER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 24, 2018. COAST GUARD NOMINATION OF KYLE S. YOUNG, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER . COAST GUARD NOMINATION OF MICHAEL S. DAEFFLER, TO BE LIEUTENANT. COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RE-BECCA A. DREW AND ENDING WITH SARAH J. REED, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 24, 2018. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on May 24, 2018 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
EDWARD MASSO, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ESTONIA, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON SEPTEMBER 5, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.008 S24MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE725 May 24, 2018 
HONORING KENDALL EVELYN MARCHANT’S EIGHTH GRADE GRADUATION AT THE HOCKADAY SCHOOL IN DALLAS, TEXAS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor my granddaughter, Kendall Evelyn Marchant, on her eighth grade graduation today at The Hockaday School in Dallas, Texas. For over a hundred years, The Hockaday School has been a world-renowned institution and is located in my congressional district. The school educates over 1,000 stu-dents from pre-K to 12th grade, with students coming from not only North Texas, but across the country and around the globe. An important milestone in a student’s aca-demic journey at the school is the eighth grade graduation. This is particularly true for Kendall; she has accomplished much in her academic studies, most recently winning the eighth grade history award. Kendall has made her parents, Matthew and Lindsay Marchant, very delighted in her successes. Kendall has two sets of proud grandparents, Kenny and Donna Marchant of Coppell, Texas and Rod and Sherry Hill of Frisco, Texas. Students celebrate the conclusion of their Middle School academic studies by arriving in traditional white dresses and listening to con-gratulatory remarks from the administration, faculty, and a chosen student speaker. This terrific event marks the celebration of the eighth grade class and prepares them to as-sume added responsibilities as Upper School students in the fall. It is also one last hurdle to clear before the start of a well-earned sum-mer vacation. Kendall has excelled both inside and out-side of the classroom at Hockaday. She em-bodies the four cornerstones of the school: character, courtesy, scholarship, and athletics. In addition to her academic studies, she ex-cels in drama, most recently being in the school play Annie, and she shines on the bas-ketball court and softball field for her athletic teams. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in hon-oring Kendall Marchant, and all the members and families of The Hockaday School Class of 2022, today on their eighth grade class grad-uation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, on May 15, 2018, I was absent from the House and missed Roll Call votes 181, 182, and 183. Had I been present for Roll Call 181, on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 613; the Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correc-tional Officer Self-Protection Act, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ Had I been present for Roll Call 182, on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 4854, to amend the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to provide additional resources to State and local prosecutors, and for other purposes, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ Had I been present for Roll Call 183, on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H. Res. 285, expressing the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Con-gress and the President should empower the creation of police and community alliances de-signed to enhance and improve communica-tion and collaboration between members of the law enforcement community and the public they serve, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ f 
RECOGNIZING THE OPENING OF THE GREAT RIVER ROAD INTER-PRETIVE CENTER AT THE GENOA NATIONAL FISH HATCH-ERY 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise before you today to commemorate the opening of the Great River Road Interpretive Center at the Genoa National Fish Hatchery. This Interpre-tive Center is along the Great River Road in Wisconsin and is one of our nation’s most his-toric and extensive scenic byways. It is also part of the National Scenic Byways Program. Today the Great River Road offers travelers not just a leisurely scenic drive but a unique and lasting journey through diverse commu-nities and landscapes. At the Great River Road Interpretative Center in Genoa, visitors will have a chance to see Mississippi River fish species, birds native to the region and a history of the area’s pearl button industry. From its shores in Genoa, the new Interpre-tive Center provides a panoramic view of the majesty and magnitude of the Mississippi River. Standing outside its entrance doors, one recognizes the River’s size, scale, and multiple uses. From outdoor recreation to commercial navigation, to serving as a primary corridor for North American waterfowl, the Mis-sissippi River plays an essential role in the lives of the people of this region and nation. However, in addition to its recreational, navi-gation and wildlife use, the area and its land-scape also tell an important part of our na-tion’s history. It was here, near the new Inter-pretive Center that a significant battle ofthe Black Hawk War was fought. The new center features a description of this event with an ex-hibit dedicated to the Battle at Bad Axe. As a result, residents and tourist alike will better un-derstand the story and history of the area and the role that the Mississippi River played in the region’s development. The Great River Road Interpretive Center is dedicated to protecting and honoring the Mis-sissippi River as both a precious natural re-source and an economic engine. Residents and visitors alike will benefit from the wealth of historical, cultural and ecological information that will be featured in this new facility here in Genoa. The Great River Road Interpretive Center will serve as a gateway to the rich heritage of the Mississippi River for future generations. f 
RECOGNIZING AND COMMENDING JONAH MARI GUMATAOTAO ON BEING CHOSEN AS THE 2018 GUAM DEPARTMENT OF EDU-CATION TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate Mrs. Jonah Mari Gumataotao on being selected as the 2018 Guam Department of Education Teacher of the Year. Mrs. Gumataotao is currently a sev-enth grade Social Studies teacher and the chief advisor of the National Junior Honor So-ciety at Augeda Johnson Middle School in Ordot, Guam. Jonah has been a middle school teacher and serving with the Guam Department of Education for eight years. Jonah was chosen through a highly selective process to recog-nize one of the thousands of public school educators for demonstrating excellence in teaching. She was chosen from over 80 nomi-nees and over 20 applicants by a panel of four judges. Jonah is passionate about reaching all learners—English language learners, students in the Special Education program, and trying to meet diverse needs and learning styles of her students. She is also interested in discov-ering new ways to connect the classroom with the local community and instill in her students and NJHS members the importance of serving the island. Jonah recently led the beautification of two vandalized bus stops in Chalan Pago, and was able to coordinate the help of students, parents, community partners, school staff and the village mayor. The end result was two stunning works of art that helped promote both team work and school spirit. As a Social Studies, teacher her goals are to encourage students to keep an open mind about different cultures and be inspired to someday travel the world. Jonah recognizes that all students get a chance and they have to take it. She acknowl-edges the power of teachers to influence young minds, help shape personalities and contribute directly to future generations. She stresses to her students that success comes from making mistakes and learning from them, sticking by a commitment, and pursuing goals without hesitation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.001 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE726 May 24, 2018 
Jonah has worked diligently to promote ex-cellence in academics and character in her students and she has made a positive influ-ence in the lives of all the students she has taught. I join the people of Guam in congratu-lating Jonah on this prestigious accomplish-ment being named the 2018 Guam Depart-ment of Education Teacher of the Year. I com-mend Jonah for her years of service and look forward to many more contributions to our is-land and nation. 
f 
STROKE AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Stroke Awareness Month cele-brated in May of each year. Mr. Speaker, every 40 seconds someone in the U.S. has a stroke. In fact, stroke is the third leading cause of death in the United States, killing nearly 430,000 Americans every year. Yet, by making simple lifestyle changes, ac-cording to the National Stroke Association 80 percent of all strokes are preventable. Unfortunately, many wait until it is too late: I know, because I had a stroke when I was 49 years old. Since that fateful day and a year of rehabili-tation, I have worked hard to increase aware-ness alongside the American Heart Associa-tion, National Stroke Association, Women’s Heart Alliance and many others. However, we can and must do more. That is why, as Co-Chair of the Congres-sional Heart and Stroke Coalition, I urge my colleagues to join me in raising greater aware-ness of stroke by cosponsoring my resolution, H. Res. 337. Together we can combat this devastating ill-ness and help find long-term solutions to bet-ter prevent, treat, and improve the lives of Americans and their families affected by stroke. I thank my colleagues for passing the FAST Act in the Omnibus, because it expands ac-cess to telehealth-eligible stroke services under the Medicare program. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment to the National De-fense Authorization Act for FY2019, which would require the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy to define and track Pro-curement Administrative Lead Time (PALT). PALT is the amount of time between when a solicitation or task order is issued and when a contract or task order is awarded. A similar requirement for the Department of Defense was enacted as part of the FY2018 National Defense Authorization Act. I commend the Department for acting quick-ly to establish a definition of PALT and a way to track it in the Federal Procurement Data System with minimal additional effort from contract officers. This requirement should be expanded gov-ernment-wide with relative ease. Such tracking will help federal agencies en-sure they are soliciting and acquiring goods and services in an efficient manner and help Congressional overseers identify agencies that are underperforming in this area. I thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for working with me on this amendment. 
f 
SHARING STUDENTS’ ‘MARCH FOR OUR LIVES’ REMARKS 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on May 9, I came to the Floor and spoke about the March For Our Lives on March 24 and the nine extraor-dinarily poised students in Morristown, New Jersey, who spoke at the rally there, which I attended. I include in the R
ECORD remarks by Danilo Lopez. I hope my colleagues will read them and internalize the sense of fear in which our nation’s students are living every day—and our responsibility as Members of Congress to do something to address this cri-sis of gun violence. 
MARCH FOR OURLIVES’ REMARKS BY DANILO  L
OPEZ Hello, my name is Danilo Lopez, and I am a junior at Dover High School. I would now like to read a list of those who lost their lives in the terrible shooting in Parkland, Florida, February 14, 2018: Alyssa Alhadeff; Scott Beigel; Martin Duque Anguiano; Nich-olas Dworet; Aaron Feis; Jaime Guttenberg; Chris Hixon; Luke Hoyer; Cara Loughran; Gina Montalto; Joaquin Oliver; Alaina Petty; Meadow Pollack; Helena Ramsay; Alex Schachter; Carmen Schentrup; and Peter Wang. Let us hope and pray that they are in a better place, and we will always remember. To honor the victims, I would now like us to all have a moment of silence. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I had an un-avoidable family commitment and so I missed Roll Call vote number 207 regarding the ‘‘Servicemembers Improved Transition through Reforms for Ensuring Progress Act (H.R. 4830).’’ Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I missed Roll Call vote number 208 regarding the ‘‘Homeless Veterans’ Re-integration Programs Reauthorization Act of 2018 (H.R. 4451).’’ Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I missed Roll Call vote number 209 regarding the ‘‘Veterans Opioid Abuse Prevention Act (H.R. 3832).’’ Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF SIS-TER M. MAURICE WODARSKI, OSF 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, on this Memo-rial Day weekend, I rise to remember the life of Sister M. Maurice Wodarski, a dedicated servant of the Franciscan Order of Sylvania, Ohio. Of proud Polish/American heritage, she left us for God’s grace this past January. Throughout her blessed life, she tended souls so faithfully, generously, and jovially. The sparkle in her eyes revealed a loving heart. And her crisply ironed beige habit with veil alerted you: this was a woman of serious pur-pose. Sr. Maurice was on a mission and she had no time to waste. Having entered the convent from Nativity Parish in Toledo, OH in 1951, Sister Maurice lived her vows of poverty, chastity and obedi-ence as a dedicated woman of faith and serv-ice who ministered for over six decades inde-fatigably to the young, young at heart, the home bound, those in nursing homes, and vet-erans. For 35 years she taught the young minds of students in Ohio, Michigan, Min-nesota, and Maryland. She took great pride in teaching math, even helping other teachers decorate their bulletin boards, and instructing altar boys on Mass. Sister Maurice had a gift for helping the el-derly. After teaching, she began working on the ministry of care for Rosary Hall at St. Vin-cent Medical Center in Cleveland, OH for the elder Sisters, and then later at the new Fran-ciscan Nursing Care Center in Sylvania, Ohio. She had trained as a home health aide, and went on to care for the elderly individually in their homes for over two decades. She brought joy and compassion. And she worked very hard. A fierce and devoted advocate for veterans, Sister Maurice sought to honor her Korean War Veteran brothers who served in the Ma-rines through her own service. She volun-teered at the Toledo Community Veterans Outpatient Clinic, served as Chaplain for the Przybylski Post 642, and was a State Officer of the Ohio Chaplains. She received acco-lades for her veterans’ work and was awarded the Volunteer of the Month in the VA’s 2014 newsletter and the St. Agnes Medal from the National Catholic War Veterans Auxiliary. The St. Agnes Medal is the highest national honor a CWVA member can attain. On June 1, 2018, I will attend a tree plant-ing in honor of our late Sister at the Veterans Clinic in Toledo. I could not think of a more appropriate setting, as her memory will live on inspiring and comforting the veterans she cared for and appreciated. Please allow me to share a favorite memory recalling the sunny day when ground was first broken to build the new clinic. Photos were being arranged for those present and we soon realized Sister 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.004 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE727 May 24, 2018 
Maurice was not to be found. Hurriedly, I rushed behind the stage and scaffolding to see if we could locate her and sure enough, I spotted Sister Maurice on her knees planting holy medals in the soil around the perimeter of what was to be the future new Veterans Clinic. That describes Sister Maurice. In her own words, ‘‘I’ve always had a big heart for the veterans, watching them come home crippled and with health problems. I am happy that we are able to help them at the VA Clinic.’’ I hope the tree will also serve as a reminder of the sacrifices our veterans give that fosters the al-truistic support of such remarkable individuals as Sister Maurice. Sister Maurice’s work and spirit will live on through her chosen Order-the Sisters of Saint Francis of Sylvania whom she loved. She will be fondly remembered and dearly missed for her dedication to God, service, and fellow men and women. Our country surely owes her a debt of gratitude. The hallmark of a public servant is to leave the world a better place for humanity after you leave it Sister Maurice Wodarski fulfilled her mission. May God bless her and keep her in celestial comfort and joy. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARION COLEMAN 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Marion Coleman in honor of her being named a National Endow-ment for the Arts National Heritage Fellow for her work as a traditional African-American quilter. Marion first learned to sew from her grand-mother and her great aunts in her home state of Texas. The love of quilting she garnered from her family inspired her to pass the quilt-ing tradition down to the next generation through teaching. She began making quilts professionally in 2002 with her piece York in the Corp of Discovery, a quilt about the only African-American in the Lewis and Clark expe-dition. She went on to receive awards for her pieces, Neighborhood Watch and Ruby Bridges. These pieces all evoked narratives of the African-American experience. Her professional career has taken her throughout the United States and around the world. In 2012, she was a guest artist at Quilt Week in Yokohama, Japan, and in 2013, her work was exhibited in the U.S. Consulate in Jerusalem through the Art in Embassies Pro-gram. In 2016, her work was added to the Nelson Mandela Gateway Museum in Cape Town, South Africa. While Coleman’s narrative quilt work has re-ceived national and international acclaim, she has been committed to helping her local com-munity. Marion regularly spends time volun-teering with local female detainees, and in 2008 she started the Minerva Project with the Alameda County Arts Commission. Through this project, Coleman taught female youth de-tainees how to quilt, and she led them in a creative exercise that emphasized the qualities of courage, strength and wisdom. The National Endowment for the Arts Na-tional Heritage Fellowship is the nation’s high-est honor in the folk and traditional arts, it is only fitting, then, that Marion Coleman is one of nine fellows selected this year, joining the ranks of former honorees such as B.B. King and Mavis Staples. Marion Coleman has made an indelible mark on the quilting and fiber folk arts commu-nity. Her extensive body of work, and her commitment to education throughout the com-munity is well deserving of the National Herit-age Fellowship Award. I am honored to rep-resent Marion Coleman, and I am grateful for her numerous contributions to the East Bay. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. This bipartisan bill gives our troops a well-deserved pay raise and makes important investments in our na-tional defense that will keep our country safe and strong. I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for their leadership on this im-portant legislation, and for their support in in-cluding all four of my amendments, as part of the en bloc amendments, in this bipartisan bill. Terrorists like Islamic State present a clear threat to our country and to our allies. As ISIS loses territory in Iraq and Syria, its strategies to obtain funding and spread violence evolve. My first amendment ensures we develop strat-egies to counter ISIS financing as the terrorist group, its affiliates, and their sources of rev-enue change. It requires the Secretaries of Defense, State, and Treasury to provide a joint report to Congress on the current and fu-ture funding mechanisms of the Islamic State and its affiliates, and what the U.S. is doing to stop them. I thank Congressman F
ITZPATRICK  of Pennsylvania and Congressman B
UDD of North Carolina for working across the aisle with me on this commonsense solution. The safety and security of Arizona families con-tinues to be my top priority. My second amendment is the latest in a se-ries of actions I’ve taken to ensure Arizona has the resources it needs for wildfire season. My amendment formally acknowledges the dangers that wildfires pose to our security and requires the Department of Defense to con-sider how their assets—including air support— could complement the efforts of federal fire-fighting agencies in tackling the toughest, most dangerous fires. Arizonans know that when a wildfire is out of control, it’s all hands on deck. My amendment directs government to do the same. We owe a great debt to the men and woman who serve in our military, and it is crit-ical that we support their transitions from mili-tary to civilian life. My third amendment helps servicemembers transition successfully to civil-ian life by ensuring they receive quality finan-cial literacy training prior to separation. When servicemembers go through the Transition As-sistance Program, they learn about their earned benefits and ways to obtain jobs, healthcare, education, and housing. Financial literacy training will enable servicemembers to better utilize these benefits and the edu-cational and career training available to them now and into the future. I thank Congressman HOLLINGSWORTH of Indiana for working with me to ensure our troops are prepared to suc-ceed in civilian life and achieve the American Dream. My fourth amendment helps address a tech-nological vulnerability for both the public and private sectors. Government-owned mobile de-vices, including those owned by the Depart-ment of Defense, are targets for data breaches and hacking. It is important that we develop technologies that secure these types of devices and protect our information. My amendment requires the Department of De-fense to brief Congress on certain threats to mobile devices and what actions the Depart-ment will take to prevent mobile device data breaches and hacks. I thank my fellow Arizo-nans, Congressmen B
IGGS and G ALLEGO for working with me to safeguard our national se-curity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LEVY COUNTY SCHOOL EDUCATORS ON THEIR RETIREMENT 
HON. NEAL P. DUNN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Brad and Sue Penney, and congratu-late them on retiring after 30 years of service to the Levy County School system. Brad and Sue both began their careers at Cedar Key School in 1988, the very school that they are retiring from on May 31st. They have led a life of service to Levy County and represent the best of America. Sue spent her career instilling a love of books and reading in students in the library and media center. She also served as a sub-stitute teacher, assisting teachers and stu-dents of all ages. She went above and beyond for her students over the years, serving as a class and club sponsor, track coach, and cheerleading coach. She received ESP of the Year for the second time this year. Brad began his career as the janitor, moving into the roles of physical education teacher, and computer lab specialist. He then went back to school to earn his teaching degree; going on to teach history, social sciences, and Spanish. Throughout his time in education, he also served as the track and basketball coach, as well as Athletic Director and Assistant Prin-cipal. He was awarded Teacher of the Year, as well as Teacher of the District in 2006– 2007. Brad and Sue have 4 daughters, all of whom graduated from the same school where they teach. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Sue and Brad Penney on their retire-ment and thanking them for their dedication to enriching the lives of students across the Sec-ond District of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.009 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE728 May 24, 2018 
CHINESE INVESTMENT IN EUROPE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, China is a rising power with interests that more often than not come into conflict with our own. As Secretary Mattis identified last year in the Na-tional Defense Strategy, we are in a new era of great power rivalry. The People’s Republic of China is one of the most capable and competitive global rivals we face. China still adheres to an authoritarian philosophy with the state at the center of power. At the center of the state is President Xi Jinping [Shee Jin-Ping], who has made himself ruler for life and has made clear he wants China to be a dominate world power that challenges the United States. Under Xi [Shee], China is building up its military power to compete with the U.S. Soon China will possess a larger naval fleet in Asia than we do and has begun establishing mili-tary bases outside of its own region. These new Chinese outposts are positioned at stra-tegic choke points to control international ship-ping lanes. The PRC does not believe in freedom of the seas or fair iternational order, it only believes in having an upper hand. Much like the elites of the communist party have over their own people. They are also stealing American innovation to surpass our technological edge both mili-tarily and commercially. It is commonly known, that China has zero respect for intellectual property rights. But Beijing has also recognized that it can seize enormous global influence without firing a shot. Simply by using its checkbook and of-fering massive loans, China can manipulate weaker states eager for investment to bend to Beijing’s will. At the center of its strategy to use economic power to gain widespread influence is China’s One Belt One Road initiative. This plan envi-sions expanding Chinese exports and trade access through major infrastructure projects across Asia and into Europe. So far many central Asian states and Eastern Europe have signed on to participate. In their view, China’s investment is an opportunity to stimulate their lagging economies. But there is a catch. With massive Chinese investment, comes Chinese control. According to a Bloomberg study, over the past 10 years, China has bought or invested in assets amounting to at least $318 billion in Europe, which amounts to 45 percent more Chinese- related activity than the U.S. in the same pe-riod. This includes buying European ports, such as Greece’s largest port, and high tech-nology and manufacturing firms. Meanwhile European companies still cannot gain much access to the Chinese market be-cause of unfair business practices. This gives China an economic edge and growing market control that is under the thumb of the Chinese Communist Party. Some of Beijing’s investments are purely about making money but others are about gaining influence over countries’ political deci-sions. So far we have seen countries with sig-nificant Chinese investment are hesitant to confront Chinese bad behavior on the inter-national stage. Including watering-down con-demnation of China’s aggressive and illegal behavior in the South China Sea. In developing countries, China has used predatory loans to force states to surrender sovereignty over critical infrastructure when they cannot repay. The same could occur in Europe. Europe is a free and open market just like our own and should remain resistant to imple-menting protectionist trade policies. But with encroaching influence from Beijing, Europe— just like here—must be wary of Chinese moti-vations. It is clear, China does not play fairly. It will do whatever it takes to gain strategic domi-nance. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for Roll Call vote 205, on passage of H.R. 2. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’ on final passage. The partisan farm bill the Republican major-ity brought to the floor only sought to hurt mil-lions of working families, children, older adults and persons with disabilities by cutting $23 million in SNAP benefits and undermine pro-grams that protect the environment and pro-mote conservation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NANBO INSURANCE UNDERWRITERS AS THE 2018 GUAM CHAMBER OF COMMERCE HALL OF FAME BUSINESS LAU-REATE 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate Nanbo Guam Ltd. (NANBO) on being chosen as the 2018 Guam Chamber of Commerce Hall of Fame Business Laureate. Nanbo Guam Ltd. was es-tablished in 1968 and has since engaged in multiple business enterprises as a trading company, a retail operator, investor in indus-trial laundry business, as well as real property acquisition and development. In its 50 years of doing business on Guam, NANBO has estab-lished a reputation as a reliable and trust-worthy insurance agent. The business is com-mitted to supporting the community’s insur-ance needs, delivering exceptional customer service and providing quick claims settlement to covering the losses of its customers. NANBO’ s commitment to the local community is also evident through its local real estate ac-quisitions and the 2012 construction of its headquarters in Haga˚tn˜a, Guam. NANBO has been able to manage its re-sources effectively to be able to succeed as a company doing business on Guam for the last 50 years. Nanbo Insurance Underwriters, the central business of NANBO was established in 1969 serving as the exclusive general agent for the Tokio Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd., of Tokyo, Japan since 1969. NANBO has also represented other numerous insurance companies over its years of doing business on Guam. NANBO currently serves as general agent for Tojio Marine Pacific Insurance Lim-ited, Pacific Guardian Life Insurance Company and Sompo Japan Nipponka Insurance Inc., all through NANBO’s wholly owned subsidiary, Guahan Insurance Services. The company has also demonstrated orga-nizational commitment to community service through donations made to various not-for- profit and community organizations. NANBO has additionally supported relief efforts for nat-ural disasters that have affected Guam and the region. NANBO encourages its employees to be active members of the community through various community events and service activities. Again, I congratulate Nanbo Guam Ltd. on being named the 2018 Guam Chamber of Commerce Hall of Fame Business Laureate. I commend Nanbo Guam Ltd. for their leader-ship in helping to promote community involve-ment and support for our local economy. NANBO proudly maintains a knowledgeable and dedicated local staff, is a leader in Guam’s insurance industry and support non-profit organization and events that support the community at large. I join the people of Guam in commending them for their award and thanking them for their many contributions to our island community. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 5515, which would require a report related to human rights in North Korea. The report would describe ongoing or planned efforts regarding the repatriation of members of the United States Armed Forces; the reunification of Korean Americans with rel-atives in North Korea; and an assessment of security risks posted by travel to North Korea for U.S. citizens. The division of North and South Korea along the 38th Parallel offers one of the world’s most striking dichotomies, yet on both sides of the Demilitarized Zone resides a shared pain. The pain is that of the families ripped apart by the Korean War and an enduring division of one people into two countries. Reunions are a welcome respite from the separation, but, in the end, provide yet an-other reminder that family reunification on the Korean Peninsula is fleeting. Many of these Americans, more than 100,000 according to the last estimate, have been waiting to reunite with their family mem-bers in North Korea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.013 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE729 May 24, 2018 
Too many have already passed away with-out realizing that hope. This amendment would require an update on efforts to conduct family reunifications for these Korean Americans. It would also help heal old wounds by ad-dressing the repatriation of members of the U.S. Armed Forces who have been missing since the Korean War. It is vital that our North Korea policy be in-formed with an understanding that there are human victims of the ongoing conflict on the Peninsula. I thank the Chairman, the Ranking Member, and Rep. R
OS-LEHTINEN for working with me on this amendment and ask that my col-leagues support it. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COLSTRIP UNITED 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a group of Montanans who banded together to protect their livelihoods and our communities against the war on coal. Colstrip United emphasizes the importance of coal in Montana and the United States. The grassroots group counters false, anti-coal claims pushed by special interest groups and ensures the voices of their close-knit commu-nity are heard. Two members of the Colstrip community, Lori Shaw and Ashley Dennehy, lead Colstrip United to empower their commu-nity. The hardworking folks at Colstrip supply the energy that keeps the lights on for millions of Americans. Colstrip United helps us remember the faces and communities behind the flick of a switch. The group continues to grow its member-ship by advocating responsible development of our natural resources to grow our economy and protect our way of life. Colstrip United ex-tends its focus beyond Colstrip, drawing atten-tion to similar communities that are the back-bone of our energy sector. The group’s motto is ‘‘Inform. Promote. In-spire.’’ Colstrip United is about neighbor help-ing neighbor, a characteristic that defines the spirit of Montana. Today, I pay tribute to the Montanans who are Colstrip United for their inspiring work to promote and protect our Montana way of life. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ED GRIMES 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the late Ed Grimes, who served as Mayor and chief executive of the City of Tehachapi for six years. He passed away on May 21, 2018 at the age of 75 after a lifetime of service to his community. Mayor Grimes started his storied career in public service on the Tehachapi Unified School District as a member of the School Board, serving a career of 20 years, twelve of which were spent as the board chairman. He would later campaign successfully for a seat on the Tehachapi City Council in 2003, and was first elected as Tehachapi’s Mayor in 2006. Over his career in public service, Mayor Grimes served ten years on the Tehachapi City Council and served three terms as mayor during the years of 2006 through 2008, 2010 through 2012, and 2016 through 2018. A man with a true heart for his city, Mayor Grimes re-fused a paycheck during his tenure as an elected city official, instead donating his salary to fund scholarships for Tehachapi high school students preparing to go to college. Ed, affectionately known at home as ‘‘Mr. Tehachapi,’’ called Tehachapi his home for 68 years of his life. A lifelong football fan with a heart for the youth of the community he served, Mayor Grimes dedicated his free time to fundraising for Tehachapi High School’s Warriors football team, raising over $50,000 for high school athletics over a period of near-ly two decades. His passion for youth athletics was not limited to the sidelines; Mayor Grimes could often be heard narrating Tehachapi High School football games over the stadium public address system, a hobby that earned him the nickname of ‘‘The Voice of the Warriors.’’ Mayor Grimes will be remembered for his kindness, leadership, and passion for life. His life of service illustrates the best of public service, and he will be remembered as a man who truly loved the city he called home. It didn’t matter if we were discussing the local economy, family or simply football, time spent with Mayor Grimes was always time well spent. I will miss Mayor Grimes’ words of wis-dom, his humble manner, and his laugh that was so infectious that you could not help but join him. I extend my deepest condolences to his wife Ruthie, his children and grandchildren, and the entire Tehachapi community as we all mourn the loss of this local icon. f 
HONORING AMERICAN POW’S WHO DIED AT HIROSHIMA 
HON. NIKI TSONGAS 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring to your attention a unique monument that is about to be installed in my district on Memorial Day. On May 28th a ceremony will be held at the Centralville Memorial Park in Lowell, Massachusetts to place a memorial stone in honor of the 12 American Army and Naval aviators who died as POWs from the atomic bombing of Hiroshima on August 6, 1945. Participating in the remembrance will be Mr. Shigeaki Mori from Japan, a Hiroshima survivor (a hibakusha) who has devoted nearly half his life to identifying these men and noti-fying their families of their fate. One of the POWs was 19-year-old Navy Air-man 3rd-class Norman Brissette from Lowell, Massachusetts. He was among the 12 Amer-ican airmen who survived the downing of four planes while on missions over Hiroshima and Kure on July 28, 1945. At the memorial cere-mony, the Brissette family and friends will be joined by the family of another Hiroshima POW Army Air Corps Staff Sgt. Ralph J. Neal from Corbin, Kentucky. Both families were fea-tured in the documentary film, Paper Lanterns, about Mr. Mori’s quest to honor the memory and bravery of these American POWs. Mr. Mori was eight years old when he sur-vived the bombing of Hiroshima, then a mili-tary city. His elementary school became a temporary hospital and soon a crematory. As an adult, haunted by the horror and doubting the official number of 800 dead, Mr. Mori sought to find out how many people had died at his school. The actual number was 2,300. During his research, he also discovered that 12 American POWs were among the 100,000 who perished in Hiroshima. The Americans were prisoners of the Kempeitai and held in Hiroshima’s Chugoku Military Police Headquarters near the atomic blast’s epicenter. Mr. Mori has spent decades identifying these Americans and locating their surviving family members in the United States. With the family’s permission, he had the names of each of the 12 airman inscribed in Hiroshima’s Register of the Names of the Fall-en Atomic Bomb Victims. In July 1998, Mr. Mori placed a memorial plaque to the men on the building that was their prison. It is the only memorial in Hiroshima dedicated to the Ameri-cans killed there. On May 27, 2016 President Barack Obama became the first sitting president to visit Hiro-shima. After the ceremony, the President hugged a tearful Mr. Mori and thanked him for his work on behalf of the American POWs. The image of President Obama and embrac-ing Mr. Mori has come to define friendship and reconciliation between the United States and Japan. I welcome Mr. Mori and his wife Kayoko to my district and thank them for their dedication to peace and to making a world free of nu-clear weapons. As President Obama said at Hiroshima, ‘‘we have a shared responsibility to look directly into the eye of history and ask what we must do differently to curb such suf-fering again.’’ This is what the Moris have done. f 
STOP PAYING PAKISTAN TO BETRAY US 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we must remember that Pakistan continues to be an unreliable partner in the fight against terrorism. For nearly two decades, we have hoped that Pakistan would clear the terrorist safe havens along the Afghanistan border and end its sup-port for violent extremist groups. We have even paid them $13 billion to do this. And yet, Pakistan still has not proven it is serious about combatting terrorism. Just ear-lier this month, the Pakistani Minister of Inte-rior was shot by a man linked to an extremist political party in Pakistan. This political party believes Pakistan’s blasphemy laws are not being strictly enforced to prosecute Christians or minority sects. The fact that Pakistan—a supposed ally of the United States—has a blasphemy law is troubling enough. Such intol-erant laws only foster the extremism and hate that our terrorist foes thrive on. But Pakistan’s relationship with extremism is nothing new. Even when members of the Pakistan government become victims of the terrorism, they equivocate or blame someone else, like the U.S. or Afghanistan, while dis-missing their own role in fueling such groups. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.016 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE730 May 24, 2018 
The evidence is clear, Pakistani sponsorship of terrorism can be traced to the Soviet-Af-ghan war and Pakistan’s ongoing conflict with India. After 9/11, Osama bin Laden and his ilk fled to Pakistan for a clear reason: because they knew it was a safe place for extremists. For too long, we have fooled ourselves into thinking Pakistan is a responsible nation. Dur-ing the Cold War we made a mistake identi-fying an Islamist state like Pakistan as an ally. They do not share our values and have in-flamed conflict across South Asia for a long time. We have poured billions of dollars into Pakistan hoping it will change. When will we accept that it will not? That violent extremism and anti-Americanism is too deeply rooted and that paying them only rewards bad behavior. Currently, we authorize roughly $700 million every year in coalition support funds for Paki-stan to fight terrorism and support our efforts in Afghanistan. We long suspected, however, they were only taking token steps to fool us. Starting in FY2016, to be eligible for half of the CSF money, Congress required the Sec-retary of Defense to certify that Pakistan is taking adequate steps to combat the Haqqani Network—one of the worst terrorist groups in the region. And to no surprise, the Pentagon has been unable to certify that Pakistan is meeting this requirement since it was put into law. Despite failing to meet this certification, $350 million of the CSF money still goes to Pakistan. If it is clear that Pakistan is permit-ting terrorist groups to operate on its territory, why are we giving them any money at all? The time has come to end our delusion that Pakistan will fulfill its responsibility in the fight against terrorism. We should not be paying Pakistan to betray us. They will do it for free. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. RANDOLPH CONN 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor a special Kentuckian, Mr. Randolph Conn from Bath County, Kentucky. Mr. Conn was born June 27, 1922 to Oscar and Mary Conn. He answered his country’s call and served in the United States Navy. Later he served in the United States Army prior to completing his service in 1948. Mr. Conn returned home and married Bonnie Staton Conn in 1949. They have six children, 8 grandchildren, and 7 great grand-children. Mr. Conn worked in a sawmill and worked as a mechanic. He later worked with his father, developed clock repair skills, and opened his own clock repair shop. Mr. Conn and his fellow veterans are true heroes. I am humbled to honor him before the United States Congress. 
f 
HONORING CHIEF WARRANT OFFICER 4 CLARK ALAN PATTON 
HON. WALTER B. JONES 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my dear friend, Clark Patton, of Beau-fort, North Carolina. Last month Chief Warrant Officer 4 Clark Alan Patton retired from the United States Army after 35 years of faithful service to our country. He exemplifies the very best of our military. Throughout the many years he served our country, he was always willing to go the extra mile and beyond the call of duty for the good of our nation and military. I have had the honor of knowing Clark for many years and have enjoyed and appre-ciated his friendship. Chief Warrant Officer Clark attended Basic Training in November 1983. He would serve for 17 years rising to the rank of Staff Ser-geant before attending Warrant Officer Can-didate School. In 2002 then Staff Sergeant Patton was promoted to the rank of Warrant Officer. Shortly after being commissioned, Warrant Officer Clark would deploy to Kuwait in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. He would go on to serve 14 of his 34 years of service as a commissioned officer before his retirement as a Chief Warrant Officer 4. His personal awards include the Meritorious Serv-ice Medal with 2 oak leaf clusters, Army Com-mendation Medal with three oak leaf clusters, Army Achievement Medal with two oak leaf clusters, and Army Reserve Components Achievement Medal. Clark has lived in my district since 1992 with his wife Mary Ann. They have three children, Ashelyn, Joseph, and Jessica, and two grand-children, Kasey and Maverick. I have always considered Clark and his family to be great friends for which I am most grateful. Chief Warrant Officer Patton has served our nation with dedication over the years, and I would like to take this opportunity to thank him for his over three decades of service, and I ex-tend to the Clark family many years of good health and happiness. God bless them. f 
HONORING SERVICE ACADEMY APPOINTEES 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I extend my congratulations to the students of Arkan-sas’ Fourth Congressional District who were nominated and accepted appointments of our nation’s service academies this year. Students Parker Davis of Arkadelphia (United States Air Force Academy), Karrington Evans of Scranton (United States Naval Acad-emy), Christina Harris of Malvern (United States Naval Academy Preparatory School), Clayton Nelson of Crossett (United States Naval Academy Preparatory School), Andrew Pequignot of Hot Springs (United States Mer-chant Marine Academy), Gavin Shapiro of White Hall (United States Military Academy), and Zachary Snook of Dardanelle (United States Naval Academy) exemplify the char-acter and leadership abilities which will make them successful as they pursue careers in the Armed Forces. RECOGNIZING THE GUAM POWER AUTHORITY ON 50 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE ISLAND OF GUAM HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate the Guam Power Authority (GPA) as it celebrates its 50th anniversary of serving the people of Guam. The Guam Power Authority provides electrical services on Guam to residential, commercial, government, and military customers. GPA was created in 1968 as a public corporation and autonomous instrumentality of the Government of Guam, and since that time has maintained and expanded the island wide power system for the island of Guam. In its 50 years of serv-ing the island, GPA has adapted to multiple changing conditions. It has progressed to have enhanced flexibility as a Guam-owned entity with the mission to provide safe, reliable, af-fordable, and environmentally responsible service to Guam’s ratepayers. GPA adds value to the services it provides through diversifying GPA’s energy resources, and conducting maintenance throughout Guam’s island wide power system. GPA also offers evolving online services for customers to conduct electric utility business at their con-venience, all while continually upgrading its use of technology in all areas. The agency has grown to meet the eco-nomic growth and rapid pace of technological advancements for the island. It has met the challenges of connecting all customers while aiming for superior customer service through accountability, efficiency and responsiveness. GPA has evolved from operating as an iso-lated power grid system to enhanced reliability with firm Integrated Resource Planning, opti-mizing energy production costs and forging beneficial public-private partnerships. GPA has made great strides over the last 50 years to overcome obstacles and continue to grow. Today, the agency employs nearly 500 professional and technical individuals who bring electricity to the homes and businesses of Guam. These employees remain committed to providing energy service and solutions to the 52,000 customers of the Guam Power Au-thority. Again, I commend and congratulate the Guam Power Authority (GPA) as it celebrates its 50th anniversary of serving the people of Guam. I commend the Guam Power Authority for their leadership in providing electricity to the local community. I recognize Mr. John M. Benavente, P.E., General Manager, the man-agement team and all employees of the Guam Power Authority for their contributions to the success of GPA. I join the people of Guam in commending them for their service and growth over the last 50 years, and thanking them for their many contributions to our island. I look forward to many more years of success for the Guam Power Authority in support of improving the quality of life for the people of Guam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.020 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE731 May 24, 2018 
CAROLE ONDERDONK, REST IN PEACE 
HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to pay tribute to a pillar of our community, Carole Onderdonk of her adopted city of Eagle, Colo-rado. Carole Onderdonk was a graduate of Upsala College and Fordham University, even-tually becoming a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, and a gifted craftsperson. As a social worker, she became a tireless advocate for the most vulnerable, and truly believed she could make a difference in the world. I’m told that her positivity inspired her friends and fam-ily to be their best selves. I’ve known Carole for almost 20 years, and represented her in Congress until they redis-tricted her part of Eagle County out of the 2nd Congressional District. She always considered me her honorary representative anyway, and I knew the progressive cause could always count on her passionate advocacy. Carole was one of our favorite volunteers in Eagle County, and she carried within her a passion for improving the lives of others through the power of activism and political ac-tion. Her dedication to making a positive im-pact will be sorely missed. Carol was a beloved daughter, sister, moth-er, grandmother, great-grandmother, and val-ued member of our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL BUILDING SAFETY MONTH 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, as National Building Safety Month comes to a close, I would like to recognize the men and women of the International Code Council who have dedi-cated their livelihoods to ensuring the safety of Americans both in their homes and work-places. Each year, in observance of Building Safety Month, Americans are asked to consider projects to improve building safety at home and in their communities, and to acknowledge the essential services provided to all of us by local and state building departments and fed-eral agencies in protecting life and property. Building Safety Month, which is sponsored by the International Code Council, reminds the public of the important role safety codes and code officials play in creating and sustaining safe communities. ‘‘Building Codes Save Lives,’’ the theme for Building Safety Month 2018, encourages all Americans to raise awareness of the impor-tance of building safety. The International Codes, the most widely adopted building safe-ty and fire prevention codes in the nations, are used by most U.S. cities, counties, and by all 50 states. These modern building safety codes also include safeguards to protect the public from natural disasters, such as hurricanes, snowstorms, tornadoes, wildland fires, and earthquakes. Similarly, in the U.S. House of Representa-tives, we have made major strides in pro-moting pre-disaster mitigation. In particular, I am proud to say that my bill, H.R. 4460, the Disaster Recovery Reform Act, was included in H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, which passed the House on April 27, 2018. The measures in this bill will help our communities better prepare for and respond to disasters of all kind, in keeping with the mis-sion of National Building Safety Month. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking the International Code Council for their work to highlight National Building Safety Month. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the Chamber on Tues-day, May 15, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call votes 181, 182, and 183. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CLAY HIGGINS 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, due to a medical issue with a family member I was unable to be present for votes in the U.S. House of Represenatives from May 21 through May 24, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 207; YEA on Roll Call No. 208; YEA on Roll Call No. 209; YEA on Roll Call No. 210; YEA on Roll Call No. 211; YEA on Roll Call No. 212; NAY on Roll Call No. 213; YEA on Roll Call No. 214; YEA on Roll Call No. 215; YEA on Roll Call No. 216; YEA on Roll Call No. 217; YEA on Roll Call No. 218; NAY on Roll Call No. 219; NAY on Roll Call No. 220; NAY on Roll Call No. 221; NAY on Roll Call No. 222; YEA on Roll Call No. 223; YEA on Roll Call No. 224; YEA on Roll Call No. 225; YEA on Roll Call No. 226; YEA on Roll Call No. 227; NAY on Roll Call No. 228; YEA on Roll Call No. 229; and YEA on Roll Call No. 230. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. KENNETH CASSIDY 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor a special Kentuckian, Mr. Kenneth Cas-sidy from Bath County, Kentucky. Mr. Cassidy is a veteran of World War II. Mr. Cassidy grew up during the Depression. At the age of 19, he had a good job with the L & N Railroad as a signalman assistant. On December 7, 1941, Pearl Harbor was attacked and life changed for all Americans, including Cassidy. He was drafted in February of 1942, just prior to his 20th birthday. After training, he was shipped to Hawaii to rebuild communica-tions that were destroyed when the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor. After that, he was shipped to the Mariana Islands for 26 months of combat. He participated in the invasion of Saipan, the Philippines, and Okinawa. After the Japanese surrendered in 1945, Mr. Cas-sidy returned home to Bath County. After coming home, Mr. Cassidy married Birdie Bell Ball in 1953. Mr. Cassidy farmed, logged, built houses, operated heavy equip-ment, and worked as a mechanic. He also worked for the L & N Railroad and Avon and he owned and operated his own restaurant. Mr. Cassidy and the other men and women who served our country during World War II are true heroes. As members of the Greatest Generation, they bravely sacrificed to preserve the freedoms that we enjoy today. I am hum-bled to honor him before the United States Congress. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I was traveling with the President of the United States to Long Island, NY. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 217; YEA on Roll Call No. 218; NAY on Roll Call No. 219; NAY on Roll Call No. 220; NAY on Roll Call No. 221; NAY on Roll Call No. 222; YEA on Roll Call No. 223; YEA on Roll Call No. 224; NAY on Roll Call No. 225; NAY on Roll Call No. 226; YEA on Roll Call No. 227; and NAY on Roll Call No. 228. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I missed three votes on 5/21/2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 207; YEA on Roll Call No. 208; and YEA on Roll Call No. 209. 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE REPUBLIC OF AZERBAIJAN 
HON. STEVE CHABOT 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Republic of Azerbaijan which cele-brates the 100th anniversary of its independ-ence on May 28—next Monday. On May 28, 1918 the Republic of Azerbaijan declared independence. Tragically, independ-ence was short lived as the Bolsheviks in-vaded Azerbaijan and the country was eventu-ally absorbed into the Soviet Union. The Azeri people never lost their desire to be free from their Soviet occupiers, however. With the fall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.025 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE732 May 24, 2018 
of the U.S.S.R., Azerbaijan once again de-clared its independence in 1991. The United States recognized Azerbaijan’s independence on both occasions. Azerbaijan has proven to be a key security partner of the United States, providing unwav-ering support for the NATO mission in Afghan-istan dating back to 2002. Azerbaijan also es-tablished diplomatic relations with our close ally Israel over 25 years ago and has a small but thriving Jewish community. Azerbaijan is also a leader in the energy sector. Azerbaijan is spearheading the South-ern Gas Corridor which will bring natural gas from the Caspian Sea to our allies in Europe. This diversification of energy supplies will less-en Europe’s reliance on Russia. Azerbaijan also provides Israel with 40 percent of its im-ported energy. Azerbaijan is a true friend of the United States and I once again commend the Repub-lic of Azerbaijan on the 100th anniversary of its independence. 
f 
HONORING J. HAGAN CODELL 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great Kentuckian, Mr. J. Hagan Codell. Mr. Codell is retiring after a successful career as Senior Vice President and Market Leader of Traditional Bank, headquartered in Mt. Sterling, KY. Prior to his banking career, Mr. Codell worked for Codell Construction Company for 28 years, serving as Vice President. He worked at First National Bank in Jackson, KY as a loan officer then began working at Tradi-tional Bank in 2002. With strong community relations, Mr. Codell has grown the Win-chester, KY market in loans, deposits, and a solid customer base. His co-workers describe his leadership style as considerate and self-less. Mr. Codell is a true community leader. He serves as an elder at First Christian Church, a chairman/director at Cardinal Hill Hospital, a director of the Breathitt County Industrial Board, a director and treasurer of the Jack-son-Breathitt County Airport Board, and a di-rector of KY Easter Seals, in addition to other volunteer leadership positions. He is a servant leader who is a role model for others to emu-late. As Hagan Codell reaches the end of his professional career and begins a well-de-served retirement, I join many others in thank-ing him for his service to his profession and to his community. It is my honor to recognize J. Hagan Codell before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 150TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE HAMLET OF LAKE VIEW, NY 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 150th Anniversary of the hamlet of Lake View in the Town of Hamburg, New York. The history of this ham-let has been shaped by earnest individuals who worked diligently to make Lake View the great place it is today. The fervor of the railroad era brought pros-perity to many communities across the coun-try, especially the hamlet of Lake View. The Lake View rail stop connected the hamlet to many important railways allowing the commu-nity to reap the benefits of the businessmen traveling between the cities. I would like to take this opportunity to con-gratulate the residents of Lake View on their 150th Anniversary, and thank them for their commitment to the American ideals of pros-perity and success. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the Chamber on Mon-day May 21, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call votes 207, 208, and 209. 
f 
NATIONAL MISSING CHILDREN DAY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, protecting our children is one of the most important things that we can do for society. In 1983, President Ronald Reagan proclaimed May 25th as National Missing Children’s Day. There are very few situations more difficult than when a family member, especially a young child, disappears. As a former Judge and prosecutor, this is something that I saw first-hand. What do you say to a parent of a missing child? Words are hard to find. 30 years ago, a missing child was akin to a death sentence. A child could be ab-ducted, taken across state lines, and never be seen again. Our best method of locating a missing child was to plaster their images on the sides of milk cartons, encouraging our communities to be on the lookout—a stark re-minder of how far we have come. Last year, in 2017, there were 464,324 chil-dren reported as missing in the United States. The statistics paint a grim picture. Of the near-ly 25,00 runaways reported to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, one in seven were likely victims of human traf-ficking. As technology has evolved, so has the way in which we search for missing children. With today’s technology, the likelihood of finding an abducted child has seen a sharp increase, mostly due to technological advances, social media, and the way in which searches are conducted. Before the creation of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, there were little or no resources available to assist law enforcement with the cases of missing chil-dren. In fact, there was no way for police to enter information about missing children into the FBI’s national crime computer. Today, thanks to the work of this outstanding organi-zation’s work, this is no longer the case. Many children owe their rescue to the center, and many parents are grateful for the return of their kids. Mr. Speaker, as we observe National Miss-ing Children’s Day 2018, it is our duty to en-sure that children of this country are protected from those who wish to do them harm. As we celebrate the good work that the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Chil-dren does, we pray for those children who have not returned home. And that’s just the way it is. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment to the FY2019 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act offered with Representative S
TEPHANIE MURPHY , which would provide not less than $12 million for the assessment, monitoring, and evaluation of our defense security cooperation programs as part of the more than $700 million this bill author-izes for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency. Each year, the United States spends as much as $10 billion on our security coopera-tion programs. This includes the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund, the Counter-ISIL Fund, the co-operative threat reduction program, and other security programs that help build the capacity of foreign security forces. The United States trains, educates, advises, and equips our foreign partners all around the world. However, we have done next to nothing to understand the effectiveness of these pro-grams at accomplishing their goals and ad-vancing U.S. interests. I commend the Department of Defense for its work to establish an office tasked with cre-ating a monitoring and evaluation framework for security cooperation programs and con-ducting evaluations. I am glad the first evaluation will be con-ducted this year on military logistics in the Bal-tics. This amendment will ensure that this good work continues and expands in a manner commensurate with the amount of money we are currently spending on security cooperation programs. I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Member S
MITH, Representative M URPHY for working with me on this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.032 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE733 May 24, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE ST. JOSEPH- OGDEN GIRLS TRACK AND FIELD TEAM 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the St. Joseph-Ogden High School girls track and field team, who are the 2018 Illinois High School Association Class 1A state cham-pions. St. Joseph-Ogden won the title with a score of 43, easily outpacing the second place fin-isher by seven points. St. Joseph-Ogden ben-efited from having two event winners, Atleigh Hamilton, who won the long jump event with a mark of 18 feet two inches and the 4x200 Meter Relay team, composed of Abbey Mizer, Maclayne Taylor, Hailey Birt, and Atleigh Hamilton, who won with a time of 1:43.89. Also making important contributions to the overall victory were the 4x100 Meter Relay team of Abbey Mizer, Maclayne Taylor, Hailey Birt, and Atleigh Hamilton with a second place finish; the 4x400 Meter Relay team of Maclayne Taylor, Rylee Sjuts, Zea Maroon, and Atleigh Hamilton, which also finished sec-ond; and the 4x800 Meter Relay team of Rylee Sjuts, Zea Maroon, Hannah Rajlich, and Sam Mabry, which took third place. Mr. Speaker, today it is an honor for me to acknowledge the hard work and dedication of the St. Joseph-Ogden High School girls track and field team in winning the 2018 champion-ship, and I wish the team and their coach, Kelly Steffen, all the best in the future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PROVIDENCE VILLAGE HEROES PARK 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Heroes Park in Providence Village, Texas. Heroes Park, which will be dedicated on Memorial Day of this year, seeks to honor the selfless acts of men and women in uni-form, first responders, and other unsung he-roes. Today I would like to thank the Provi-dence Village Hope Foundation for its work to establish this park and support our commu-nity’s men and women in uniform. Each Memorial Day, we remember the brave members of our Armed Services who put their service to our nation first. While He-roes Park is a physical tribute to them, our gratitude and respect extends far beyond the confines of its land. I am grateful to join Providence Village Mayor Michael Jordan and Providence Village Hope Foundation Founders Eric and Karen Mattson to dedicate this beautiful park, and pay tribute to North Texas service members past and present. HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. THOMAS ESTILL REFFITT HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Thomas Estill Reffitt of Bath County, Kentucky. Mr. Reffitt is a distinguished veteran of World War II. Mr. Reffitt was born September 20, 1924 to Samuel and Lillie Reffitt. He served in the United States Navy for four years as a Fire-man 1st Class. He was stationed in the Gilbert Islands. Mr. Reffitt was honorably discharged March 4, 1946. Mr. Reffitt returned home and worked as a truck driver and a farmer. At the present time, he is under hospice care at the Leestown Road Veteran’s Hospital in Lexington, Ken-tucky. Mr. Reffitt and all the brave men and women of the Greatest Generation are true heroes. Their bravery and their sacrifice pre-served freedoms for ourselves and for future generations of Americans and for people around the world. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I will vote against H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year (FY) 2019. The legislation includes several provisions that I strongly support, including giving serv-icemen and women a well-deserved raise of 2.6 percent. Those who serve in uniform have made extraordinary sacrifices for our country and have earned and deserve a pay raise. It also includes funding for Ukraine and Eastern Europe security initiatives to counter Russia’s heightened military provocations and annex-ation of Crimea. Despite these important initiatives, I have strong concerns with H.R. 5515. This legisla-tion authorizes more than $708 billion, includ-ing $69 billion to the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) fund, an account which is not counted in the budget and is not paid for. It adds to the deficit and is used as a slush fund by the Pentagon. Unlike every other federal agency, the De-partment of Defense (DOD) has yet to com-plete a financial audit; taxpayers deserve to know how the biggest bureaucracy in the fed-eral government spends their money. In fact, a shocking report released in December 2016 exposed $125 billion in waste that the Pen-tagon tried to hide from the public. I refuse to support increased bureaucratic waste at the expense of American taxpayers and our men and women in uniform. A more accountable and transparent department would ensure taxpayer dollars are directed to-wards the needs of our troops and the bene-fits they deserve, rather than buying unneces-sary weapon systems and giving the president a blank check to fund wars Congress hasn’t authorized. I have always advocated for maintaining Congress’s constitutionally-continued preroga-tive to declare war under the War Powers Act and limiting the President’s authority to en-gage in armed conflict without the consent of Congress. I strongly oppose the NDAA’s con-tinued authorization of spending for wars that are not congressionally approved. The Pen-tagon uses the 2001 Authorization of Use of Military Force (AUMF) to continue to justify the 17 years our troops have been fighting in the Middle East. President Trump has already sent troops to Syria, Yemen and elsewhere without seeking a new AUMF, a violation of the War Powers Act. Additionally, the bill prohibits the closing of Guantanamo Bay, which costs more than $100 million each year to house 41 prisoners and has been used as a top recruiting tool by terrorists. The prison at Guantanamo Bay has been a black eye for the United States, has eroded relationships with our allies, under-mined U.S. missions abroad, and put U.S. citi-zens and our troops at risk of retaliation. Congress can make responsible cuts to our defense budget without jeopardizing the safety of our troops or undermining our national se-curity. Fiscal responsibility and accountability at the Pentagon would allow for funds to be better spent supporting the basic needs of our troops, meeting our obligations to veterans of past wars, and ensuring our true defense needs are prioritized. f 
HONORING MRS. EVELYN HICKS 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to honor Mrs. Evelyn Hicks of Winston County, Alabama. Mrs. Hicks is retiring from managing her local school cafeteria at Lynn School in Lynn, Alabama which is located in the Fourth Congressional District that I rep-resent. I am honored to recognize Mrs. Hicks for her dedication to ensuring our children have nutritious and edible food. It should also be noted that she was honored on May 23, 2018 at Lynn School with a reception for her many years of service. Mrs. Evelyn Hicks was born in my home county of Winston to Truman and Alice Baughn. She is a graduate of Lynn School and has been a member of Concord Mis-sionary Baptist Church for 57 years. She has been married to Roy Hicks for 52 years. They have two daughters and four grandchildren. Mrs. Hicks also served on the Winston County Board of Education from 2000 to 2004. Mrs. Hicks also played a major role in pro-viding my office with ‘‘on the ground’’ feedback into how school lunch restrictions were having a negative effect on her job of feeding chil-dren. Because of Mrs. Hicks’s assistance, we have been able to roll back many of the harm-ful restrictions and provide solutions that give 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.038 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE734 May 24, 2018 
kids healthy food, while at the same time pro-viding food they will actually eat and enjoy. Mrs. Evelyn Hicks has been, in every sense, a devoted and passionate advocate for the children she has helped feed throughout her many years through school nutrition. I am proud to call Mrs. Hicks a friend and a fellow Alabamian, and she is truly deserving of this recognition from the United States House of Representatives. I wish her all the very best for the future in all that she is involved with. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HARVEY HALL 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleague, the Honorable D
AVID V
ALADAO , in memory of Mr. Harvey Hall. Mr. Hall served as the mayor of Bakersfield, Cali-fornia from 2000 to 2016 and will be remem-bered as a community icon who never stopped believing in the city he called home. A lifelong resident of Bakersfield, Harvey Hall was a model civil servant, a community legend who would greet you wearing one of his trademark suits and a welcoming smile. Mayor Hall was a cheerleader for Bakersfield in the purest sense. He was an advocate for the businesses and organizations of the city he served, and it was not uncommon to see him each and every day at ribbon-cutting cere-monies or lending his support at community gatherings across Bakersfield. Everyone knew Mayor Hall, and Mayor Hall made it his goal to get to know everyone he met. He was a man who remembered names and would al-ways make the time to pull you aside for a chat, no matter who you were. When you were with Mayor Hall, you always felt like the most important person in the room. Outside of his responsibilities in City Hall, Mr. Hall focused himself on bettering the qual-ity of life in Kern County. A consummate busi-nessman, Mayor Hall founded Hall Ambulance Services, Inc., an emergency services com-pany that has been a mainstay in Kern County for nearly 50 years. Mayor Hall had a heart for education and dedicated his mayoral salary to the Kern Community Foundation, awarding over $250,000 to fund scholarships for local high school students pursuing secondary edu-cation during his time in office. More than anything else, Mayor Hall’s love of community was illustrated in quieter ways. He used his own money to help Bakersfield’s homeless get back on their feet and would regularly host community clean-ups to beautify a city he saw nothing but potential in. Mayor Hall welcomed the diverse communities that make Bakersfield the community that it is, and was a mainstay at the annual Sikh Parade and Harvest Festival. Most importantly, he un-derstood the power of a thank-you note and would always offer his humble thanks for the smallest of gestures. This love of community extended outside of Bakersfield too, for Mayor Hall understood that Kern County was a better place when all of its communities succeeded. He often gave his ear to neighboring commu-nities and always made himself available to provide assistance or advice when it was needed. There is a lesson to be learned in the man-ner in which Mayor Hall lived. He was a man who lived life’s purpose both in and out of public service. He was a man forged by a city that he made into his own. He was a man who never missed an obligation, who always knew the true potential and promise of Bakersfield and its residents. Harvey Hall made an indel-ible impression on Kern County, and it is our every hope that those whose lives he im-pacted honor his legacy by showing the same love, passion, and dedication to Bakersfield as our city’s longest-serving mayor did. For some, he was ‘‘Mayor Hall.’’ For others, he was just ‘‘Harvey.’’ But for us, he will always be ‘‘Mr. Bakersfield.’’ We extend our deepest condolences to his wife Lavonne, his children, grandchildren, and a community that loves him as much as he loved it. Mayor Hall exempli-fied the best qualities of Bakersfield and will be missed, but he leaves behind a legacy that will continue to shape our community for years to come. 
f 
HONORING GAIL K. WRIGHT 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great Kentuckian, Gail K. Wright. Mrs. Wright was born in Menifee County, Kentucky. Her parents taught her to love God and family and to be grateful. They taught her to treat ev-eryone the same, no matter their economic status. These values shaped her life and car-ried over into her professional career. Mrs. Wright grew up on her family’s farm and de-veloped a love for reading. She went on to graduate from Morehead State University. She and her husband now live in Mt. Sterling, Ken-tucky. Mrs. Wright has served as the Executive Di-rector of the Gateway Area Development Dis-trict in northeastern Kentucky for almost 30 years. She is unquestionably a leader in the field of economic and community develop-ment, with an extensive background in grant writing and administration. She has vast knowledge of federal, state, and local pro-grams. Mrs. Wright became the chair of the Kentucky Area Development District’s Execu-tive Directors. She is quite an active member in her community and in the five county ADD region. Mrs. Wright serves on numerous boards related to community and economic development, education, tourism, downtown revitalization, and chambers. After making tremendous progress in the Gateway ADD region over the past 30 years, Mrs. Wright is retiring. Her love for the people of Eastern Kentucky and her passion for help-ing to better their lives will certainly be missed. I wish her all the best of everything in her re-tirement and I thank her for her service and leadership. It is my honor to recognize Gail K. Wright before the United States House of Representatives. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 24, 2018 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the Chamber on Tues-day, May 22, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call votes 210 and 211, and ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call vote 212. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.042 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D594 Thursday, May 24, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2889–S2946 Measures Introduced: Forty bills and ten resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2945–2984, and S. Res. 522–531.
                                               Pages S2923–25 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Allocation to Subcommit-tees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–260) H.R. 1397, to authorize, direct, facilitate, and ex-pedite the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land. (S. Rept. No. 115–257) S. 2975, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. (S. Rept. No. 115–258) S. 2976, making appropriations for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. (S. Rept. No. 115–259) S. Res. 386, urging the Government of the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo to fulfill its agreement to hold credible elections, comply with constitu-tional limits on presidential terms, and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a democratic transition of power by taking concrete and measurable steps to-wards holding elections not later than December 2018 as outlined in the existing election calendar, and allowing for freedom of expression and associa-tion, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute and with an amended preamble. S. 2602, to support carbon dioxide utilization and direct air capture research, to facilitate the permit-ting and development of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration projects and carbon dioxide pipe-lines, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                                             Page S2923 
Measures Passed: Congressional Accountability Act: Senate passed S. 2952, to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to establish protections against congres-sional sexual harassment and discrimination. 
                                                                             Pages S2899–S2907 Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act: Sen-ate passed H.R. 4910, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks.
                    Page S2942 
Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3663, to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center, and the bill was then passed.
                                                         Page S2942 
National Public Works Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 528, designating the week of May 20 through May 26, 2018, as ‘‘National Public Works Week’’. 
                                                                                            Page S2942 
National Minority Health Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 529, promoting minority health awareness and supporting the goals and ideals of National Mi-nority Health Month in April 2018, which include bringing attention to the health disparities faced by minority populations of the United States such as American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Asian Ameri-cans, African Americans, Hispanics, and Native Ha-waiians or other Pacific Islanders.
             Pages S2942–43 
National Brain Tumor Awareness Month: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 531, expressing support for the designation of May 2018 as ‘‘National Brain Tumor Awareness Month’’.
                                                   Page S2943 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, May 25, 2018 at 11 a.m.; Tuesday, May 29, 2018 at 9 a.m.; Thursday, May 31, 2018 at 11:30 a.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Thursday May 31, 2018, it next convene at 3 p.m., on Monday, June 4, 2018.
             Page S2943 
Wier Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky.
                                                                Page S2911 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY8.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D595 May 24, 2018 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, May 24, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, June 4, 2018.
                                                                                Page S2911 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2911 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the nomi-nation at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, June 4, 2018; and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the cloture motions filed on Thursday, May 24, 2018 ripen at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, June 4, 2018.
                                                                          Page S2943 
Rodriguez Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Fernando Rodri-guez, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas.
                                   Page S2911 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Ken-tucky.
                                                                               Page S2911 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S2911 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2911 
Axon Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama.
                   Pages S2911–15 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Texas.
                                                              Page S2911 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S2911 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2911 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 69 yeas to 24 nays (Vote No. EX. 109), Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for a term of five years.        Pages S2889–97 
Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation for a term of six years. 
                                                                                    Pages S2889–97 
By 48 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 111), James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambassador to Luxembourg.
                                           Pages S2897–99, S2907 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 49 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 110), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2897 
David B. Cornstein, of New York, to be Ambas-sador to Hungary. Francis R. Fannon, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Energy Resources). Eliot Pedrosa, of Florida, to be United States Al-ternate Executive Director of the Inter-American De-velopment Bank. Jonathan R. Cohen, of California, to be the Dep-uty Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador, and the Deputy Representative of the United States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations. Jonathan R. Cohen, of California, to be Represent-ative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, dur-ing his tenure of service as Deputy Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations. 
                                                                                            Page S2915 
Erica H. MacDonald, of Minnesota, to be United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota for the term of four years. Scott Patrick Illing, of Louisiana, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Louisiana for the term of four years.
                                     Page S2915 
Rubydee Calvert, of Wyoming, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Pub-lic Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2022. Laura Gore Ross, of New York, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Pub-lic Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2022.
                                                                                Page S2917 
Annie Caputo, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2021. David Wright, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2020. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY8.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD596 May 24, 2018 
Jeffery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2023.
              Page S2917 
Gregory J. Slavonic, of Oklahoma, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Navy.
                             Pages S2917–18 
6 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 32 Army nominations in the rank of general. 4 Coast Guard nominations in the rank of admi-ral. 3 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 4 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast Guard, Marine Corps, and Navy. 
                                                                Pages S2915–16, S2916–17 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Christopher Fall, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Science, Department of Energy. Ronald Gidwitz, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Belgium. Donald Lu, of California, to be Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic. Ronald Mortensen, of Utah, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Population, Refugees, and Migra-tion). Denise Natali, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Conflict and Stabilization Oper-ations). Alaina B. Teplitz, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Maldives. Christine J. Toretti, of Pennsylvania, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Malta. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S2943–46 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Edward Masso, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Estonia, which was sent to the Sen-ate on September 5, 2017.
                                    Page S2946 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S2921–22 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2922 
Executive Communications:                             Page S2922 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S2922–23 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S2923 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2925–26 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2926–37 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2920–21 Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2442 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—111)
                             Pages S2896–97, S2897, S2907 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 5:23 p.m., until 11 a.m. on Friday, May 25, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2943.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: An original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water De-velopment Appropriations Act, 2019’’; An original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administration, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’; and Committee completed its review of 302(b) sub-committee allocations of budget outlays and new budget authority allocated to the committee in H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. CYBERSECURITY Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine cyberse-curity, focusing on risks to the financial services in-dustry and its preparedness, including S. 536, to promote transparency in the oversight of cybersecu-rity risks at publicly traded companies, after receiv-ing testimony from Bill Nelson, Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center, Leesburg, Virginia; Michael Daniel, Cyber Threat Alliance, Ar-lington, Virginia; Phil Venables, Goldman Sachs, Jersey City, New Jersey; Carl A. Kessler III, First Mutual Holding Co., Avon, Ohio; and Bob Sydow, Ernst and Young LLP, Cincinnati, Ohio. RURAL HEALTH CARE IN AMERICA Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine rural health care in America, focusing on challenges and opportunities, after receiving testi-mony from George H. Pink, University of North Carolina Gillings School of Global Public Health, Chapel Hill; Keith J. Mueller, University of Iowa College of Public Health, Iowa City; Konnie Martin, San Luis Valley Health, Alamosa, Colorado; Susan K. Thompson, UnityPoint Health, West Des Moines, Iowa; and Karen M. Murphy, Geisinger, Danville, Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY8.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D597 May 24, 2018 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomination of John J. Bartrum, of Indi-ana, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUDGET Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budg-et request for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of State, after receiving testimony from Mike Pompeo, Secretary of State. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 2645, to establish a demonstration program under which the Drug Enforcement Administration provides grants to certain States to enable those States to increase participation in drug take-back programs; S. 2535, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to strengthen Drug Enforcement Administration dis-cretion in setting opioid quotas, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2789, to prevent substance abuse and reduce demand for illicit narcotics, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 207, to amend the Controlled Substances Act relating to controlled substance analogues; S. 2838, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require the Drug Enforcement Administration to report certain information on distribution of opioids, with an amendment; and The nominations of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Cir-cuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Michael J. Truncale, to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of Texas, Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Erica H. MacDonald, to be United States Attor-ney for the District of Minnesota, and Scott Patrick Illing, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Louisiana, both of the Department of Jus-tice. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 19 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5953–5960, 5962–5972; and 4 reso-lutions, H. Res. 910–913 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H4728–29 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H4730 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5317, to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands (H. Rept. 115–703); H.R. 5952, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–704); H. Res. 877, resolution of inquiry directing the Secretary of Commerce to provide certain documents in the Secretary’s possession to the House of Rep-resentatives relating to the decision to include a question on citizenship in the 2020 decennial census of population (H. Rept. 115–705); adversely; and H.R. 5961, making appropriations for Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–706).                            Page H4728 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Amodei to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4697 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019: The House passed H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, by a recorded vote of 351 ayes to 66 noes, Roll No. 230. Consideration began Tuesday, May 22nd. 
                                                         Pages H4699–H4716, H4716–22 
Agreed to table the appeal of the ruling of the chair on a point of order sustained against the Thompson (CA) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith with an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY8.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD598 May 24, 2018 
amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 224 yeas to 191 nays, Roll No. 229.
                                Pages H4720–21 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                                     Page H4722 
Agreed to: Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 4 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–702: Cuellar (No. 93) that requires the Sec-retary of the Air Force to conduct a core sampling study at Joint Base San Antonio—Lackland Air Force Base, Texas, to determine if any regulated or hazardous substances are present along the route of a wastewater pipeline replacement project; requires a report on the results of the core sampling to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives; Yarmuth (No. 94) that re-quires the Department of Defense to provide esti-mates of enduring costs funded with Overseas Con-tingency Operations (OCO) funding as part of its budget submissions to Congress; this requirement is consistent with recommendations made by GAO; Sean Patrick Maloney (NY) (No. 95) that improves the ability of separating or retiring members of the Armed Forces to seek state veterans services by ena-bling them to elect to have their DD–214 shared with county veterans service officers; Correa (No. 96) that requires the Department of Defense to conduct a study to determine how they can attract and re-cruit individuals from institutions of higher edu-cation, including Hispanic Serving Institutions, His-torically Black Colleges and Universities, Asian American and Native American Pacific and Islander Serving Institutions with educational backgrounds in science, technology, engineering, mathematics, artifi-cial intelligence, machine learning, and cybersecu-rity; Lee (No. 97) that instructs the Comptroller General of the United States to submit to Congress a report on how funds authorized for overseas contin-gency operations were obligated; Rohrabacher (No. 98) that expresses a sense of Congress that recognizes Dr. Shakil Afridi as an international hero and that the Government of Pakistan should release him im-mediately from prison; Soto (No. 99) that directs Department of Defense to also consider distributed ledger technologies when performing their review and assessment on advancements in Artificial Intel-ligence and associated technologies like quantum sciences and high-performance computing; Lipinski (No. 100) that grants Purple Heart recipients, dis-abled veterans, Medal of Honor recipients, and their caregivers access to Department of Defense com-missaries and Morale, Welfare, and Recreation (MWR) facilities; Lipinski (No. 101) that directs the Secretary of the Army to comply with GAO rec-ommendations regarding armored commercial pas-senger-carrying vehicles in report GAO–17–513; di-rects the Department of Defense to provide a brief-ing on the implementation of the Department of Defense Instruction O–2000.16 Volume 1; Eshoo (No. 102) that expresses the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Army should explore all possible alternatives to the proposed conveyance of 17.1 acres and 126 existing housing units known as Shen-andoah Square in Mountain View, California, includ-ing a sublease of the property to an entity that can better develop affordable housing on the property in one of the most expensive housing markets in the country, to avoid displacing families currently living at Shenandoah Square; Soto (No. 103) that perma-nently authorizes the Defense Exportability Feature Pilot Program, which encourages program manage-ment to design and develop technology protection features in systems during the research and develop-ment stage; Torres (No. 104) that requires the Sec-retary of Defense to produce a report regarding nar-cotics trafficking, corruption, and illicit campaign fi-nance in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador, which shall include the names of government offi-cials who have engaged in such acts; Wittman (No. 105) that rectifies a clerical mistake by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’ ’ in regard to Maritime Administration authorization; Garrett (No. 106) that inserts ‘‘foreign’’ before ‘‘non-state propaganda’’ on page 683, line 15; Cicilline (No. 107) that requires the Secretary of Defense to produce a report ana-lyzing the effects of automation within the Defense Industrial Base over the next ten years; Cicilline (No. 108) that requires a report on the nations, or-ganizations, and persons against which the United States has taken military action under the authority of the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF); and Demings (No. 109) that ensures the Secretary of Defense and other NATO countries shall: seek opportunities to conduct more NATO naval exercises in the Baltic and Black Sea to deter Russian aggression in those regions; and conduct joint research to enhance military capabilities; 
                                                                             Pages H4699–H4705 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 5 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–702: Cicilline (No. 110) that requires a report on the practical impact of U.S. military strikes against Syria on April 13, 2018; Yoho (No. 111) that directs the Secretary of Defense to carry out a priority equipment purchase program of Department of Defense farm equipment to eligible veteran farm-ers; Marshall (No. 112) that authorizes the Society 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY8.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D599 May 24, 2018 
of the First Infantry Division to make modifications to the First Division Monument located on Federal land in Presidential Park, District of Columbia; the future additions will honor the members of the First Infantry Division who paid the ultimate sacrifice during United States operations, including Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom and New Dawn and Operation Enduring Freedom; Langevin (No. 113) that recog-nizes the importance of Department of State political advisors (POLADs) to the Department of Defense; Langevin (No. 114) that requires an annual report for no more than five years regarding buildings and facilities subject to exceptions to accessibility stand-ards; Beyer (No. 115) that revises the lowest price technically acceptable (LPTA) source selection proc-ess in acquisition government-wide, requiring agen-cies to avoid LPTA use in circumstances that would deny the benefits of cost and technical tradeoffs in the source selection process; Young (AK) (No. 116) that calls for a sense of Congress that the SECAF as part of the strategic basing process for the KC–46 should continue to place emphasis on and consider the benefits derived from locations outside the Con-tinental U.S.; Dunn (No. 117) that supports upgrad-ing 34 existing F–22 Block 20 trainers to combat- ready F–22 Block 35s; Brown (MD) (No. 119) that amends language in Section 2362(d) of Title 10, USC, to ensure that schools which don’t receive sig-nificant DoD funding—such as HBCUs—are more competitive against MSIs that receive substantial funding; Khanna (No. 120) that requires Secretary of Defense to conduct an investigation to determine if coalition partners or United States military or intel-ligence personnel violated federal law or Department of Defense policy while conducting operations in Yemen; Duncan (TN) (No. 121) that calls for the Secretary of Defense to submit a report regarding awards and commendations presented to any military personnel for cost-saving ideas during the prior fiscal year and regarding how the Secretary plans to ex-pand and streamline such awards programs for cost- saving ideas; Bacon (No. 122) that requires the Sec-retary of Defense to modify the Department of De-fense Annual Reports for China, Russia and Iran to include influence operations as a matter to be in-cluded in such reports; Gottheimer (No. 123) that adds a remembrance of the Holocaust as part of the program to commemorate the 75th Anniversary of WWII, and directs the Secretary of Defense to con-sult with the Director of the United States Holo-caust Memorial Museum; Gohmert (No. 124) that affirms the purpose and role of the military chaplancies; Bordallo (No. 125) that provides Amer-ican companies preference on Telecom Services on military bases in the United States and its territories; Jackson Lee (No. 126) that provides information on the security threats posed by achieving stable quan-tum computing capability; and Arrington (No. 127) that requires a report from the Secretary of the Air Force no later than February 1, 2019 on how the OA–X light attack aircraft experiment program will support partner nation requirements in counter ter-rorism operations;
                                              Pages H4705–07 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 6 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–702: Nolan (No. 128) that expresses the sense of Congress that a strong domestic iron ore and steel industry is vital to the national security of the United States; Davidson (No. 129) that adds an ad-ditional section on describing criteria and method-ology used for determining military hospital downsizing and closures to a reporting requirement contained in the underlying bill; Loebsack (No. 130) that requires the Secretary of Defense to perform an assessment of the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math, as well as Maintenance and Manufac-turing (STEM) workforce for organizations within the DOD, identify the types and quantities of STEM jobs needed to support future mission work, and identify a plan of action to address the STEM jobs gap; Schneider (No. 131) that authorizes the Boots to Business program which helps transitioning serv-ice members and veterans become entrepreneurs and create jobs through a standardized three-step entre-preneurship training track while giving access to re-sources in their local communities; this program cur-rently runs as a collaboration between the Small Business Administration’s Office of Veterans Busi-ness Development and the Department of Defense’s Transition Assistance Program; Crawford (No. 132) that provides the sense of Congress on why there is a need for a military explosive ordnance disposal in-telligence program; Evans (No. 133) that provides grants, financial assistance, loans, export assistance, and subcontracting opportunities on federal contracts to specified small businesses, organizations, state governments, universities, companies, and other enti-ties that assist smaller enterprises; Frankel (FL) (No. 134) that authorizes appropriations for research on women’s contributions to security at the National Defense University Institute for National Security Studies; Raskin (No. 135) that authorizes $5 million to advance the development of canine freeze-dried plasma; Frankel (FL) (No. 136) that amends the FY18 NDAA requirement for the President to de-velop a national strategy for countering violent ex-tremism to require the President’s analysis to ac-count for the unique factors that lead women to act as preventers or supporters of violent extremism, and the ways in which women are targeted as victims of violent extremism; Coffman (No. 137) that requires the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY8.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD600 May 24, 2018 
Director of National Intelligence, to develop a brief-ing detailing the costs, risks, and operational bene-fits of leveraging commercial satellite servicing capa-bilities for national security satellite systems; Shea- Porter (No. 138) that report on DoD security co-operation programs and activities in certain foreign countries, to include lessons learned and best prac-tices with respect to DoD security cooperation pro-grams and recommendations; Sinema (No. 139) that directs the Secretaries of Defense, State, and Treas-ury, in coordination with appropriate federal offi-cials, to report to Congress on the current funding mechanisms used by Islamic State and affiliated enti-ties; the most likely future financing mechanisms available to Islamic State and affiliated entities; and US efforts to deny access to such funding mecha-nisms; Sinema (No. 140) that expresses a sense of Congress that wildfires endanger national security and directs DOD to issue a report on wildfire sup-pression capabilities within the active and reserve components of the Armed Forces, including the Modular Airborne Fire Fighting System Program, and interagency cooperation with the Forest Service and the Department of the Interior; Sinema (No. 141) that ensures that the Transition Assistance Pro-gram (TAP) helps servicemembers obtain sufficient financial literacy to effectively leverage conferred benefits and opportunities for employment, edu-cation, vocational training, and entrepreneurship by requiring the Secretary of Defense to report to Con-gress on actions the Secretary intends to take to ef-fectively incorporate financial literacy as part of the TAP; Newhouse (No. 142) that extends the author-ization for the Office of River Protection through 2024; Graves (LA) (No. 143) that gives the Secretary of the respective branch of the military the ability to award the Vietnam Service Medal to participants of Operation End Sweep; and Schrader (No. 144) that requires DOD to report to Congress on ways they are finding and implementing savings laid out by the 2015 Defense Business Board report and for alternative recommendations to achieve cost-savings; 
                                                                                    Pages H4807–11 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 7 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–702: Stefanik (No. 145) that modifies federal hiring authority to make it easier to hire military spouses; Thornberry (No. 146) that specifies the grade of officers serving as Attending Physician to the Congress and the grade of Chiefs of Chaplains; Stefanik (No. 147) that establishes a National Secu-rity Commission on Artificial Intelligence (AI) to conduct a comprehensive and national-level review of advances in AI, machine learning, and associated technologies and make near-term, actionable rec-ommendations to address our national security needs; Taylor (No. 148) that allows Defense Access Road program funds to be utilized to conduct construction and maintenance on highways affected by recurrent flooding and sea level rise; Thornberry (No. 149) that expresses a sense of Congress that design, manu-facturing, and repair of the technology in unmanned ground vehicles is critical to national security; Palm-er (No. 150) that requires a briefing by the Secretary of the Air Force on the need for additional recruit-ment measures for Space related career fields; Kelly (PA) (No. 151) that prohibits funds from being used to implement the UN Arms Trade Treaty unless the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty and implementing legislation for the Treaty has been enacted into law; Nolan (No. 152) that clarifies and makes certain specifications for the troop reporting requirement and the use of waivers; Sam Johnson (TX) (No. 153) that commissions a study to ascertain the impact of Medicare premiums on veterans on Social Security Disability Insurance returning to work; Barr (No. 154) that authorizes the establishment of up to 100 new JROTC units in low-income and rural areas and strengthens the JROTC program to promote military readiness; Carbajal (No. 155) that changes ‘‘Management’’ on page 230 and 231 to ‘‘Medical’’; Reed (No. 156) that directs the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of the Navy to submit a report to Congress on the im-pacts to our national defense and manufacturing base resulting from a potential relocation of production of steam turbines for aircraft carriers and submarines; Hastings (No. 157) that authorizes the Secretary of Defense to establish a joint Military Transition Out-reach Pilot Program for contacting service-members within 30–90 days post-separation and/or retirement from active duty; Foster (No. 158) that requires a re-port on the status of the counter-measures test pro-gram; the report shall include an evaluation and re-sponse to the 2010 JASON report titled ‘‘MDA Dis-crimination’’; Jackson Lee (No. 159) that seeks an assessment, from the Secretary of Defense, of the strategies that may be used to reduce the security threat posed by active shooter incidents at public el-ementary schools and secondary schools located on the grounds of Federal military installations; Flores (No. 160) that expresses the sense of Congress that the Air Force should consider long-term university partnerships, similar to arrangements in the Army and Navy, to conduct research as well as science and engineering education for next-generation hypersonics capabilities; Cramer (No. 161) that di-rects the SECDEF to include the names of the sev-enty-four crew of the USS Frank E. Evans killed on June 3, 1969 on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall; Foster (No. 162) that requires a report on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY8.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D601 May 24, 2018 
costs relating to ballistic, cruise, and hypersonic de-fenses of the United States; Hartzler (No. 163) that expands DOD’s authority to interdict drones to in-clude mobility airlift bases; Ben Ray Luja´n (NM) (No. 164) that creates a manufacturing engineering education program to provide advanced manufac-turing training to support the missions for the DOE National Security Laboratories and the NNSA sites; McClintock (No. 165) that authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to retain fees for medical services pro-vided in units of the National Park System; Rohr-abacher (No. 166) that requires a report on the po-tential strategic benefits from security cooperation with the government of Eritrea; and Shea-Porter (No. 167) that states that before and during security sector assistance (SSA) missions, DoD reports to the congressional defense committees assessing US and host nation-shared SSA objectives; evaluating host nation’s political, social, economic, diplomatic, and historical context that may impair or inhibit the ef-fectiveness of SSA; assessing the sustainability of support provided to foreign countries participating in SSA; and describing measures taken to ensure for-eign countries participating in SSA do not become dependent on the SSA the United States provides; and
                                                                            Pages H4711–16 
Ferguson amendment (No. 168 printed in H. Rept. 115–702) that ensures competition in the commercial e-commerce portal procurement program to foster a marketplace that provides the best prod-ucts at the best prices.
                                    Pages H4716–17 
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment, including corrections in spelling, punctuation, section and title numbering, cross referencing, conforming amend-ments to the table of contents and short titles, and the insertion of appropriate headings.
            Page H4722 
H. Res. 908, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) was agreed to yes-terday, May 23rd. Permission To File Report: Agreed by unanimous consent that the Committee on Appropriations have until 5 p.m. on Thursday, May 24, 2018, to file a privileged report to accompany measures making ap-propriations for the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. 
                                                                                            Page H4722 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, May 25th.
                       Page H4722 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H4699. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4721 and H4721–22. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:18 a.m. Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held a markup on the FY 2019 Financial Services and General Gov-ernment Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. UNION TIME ON THE PEOPLE’S DIME: A CLOSER LOOK AT OFFICIAL TIME Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Union Time on the People’s Dime: A Closer Look at Official Time’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee con-cluded a markup on H.R. 5861, the ‘‘Jobs and Op-portunity with Benefits and Services for Success Act’’. H.R. 5861 was ordered reported, as amended. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D591) 
S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer pro-tections. Signed on May 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–74) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, MAY 25, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY8.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD602 May 24, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Friday, May 25 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Friday, May 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 10 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E733 Barletta, Lou, Pa., E731 Barr, Andy, Ky., E730, E731, E732, E733, E734 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E726 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E725, E728, E730 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E733 Chabot, Steve, Ohio, E731 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E732 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E726, E728, E732 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E733 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E726 Dunn, Neal P., Fla., E727 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E729 Higgins, Clay, La., E731 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E726 Jones, Walter B., N.C., E730 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E726 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E725 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E731 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E725 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E729, E734 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E731, E732, E734 Poe, Ted, Tex., E728, E729, E732 Polis, Jared, Colo., E728, E731 Shimkus, John, Ill., E733 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E727 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E727 Tsongas, Niki, Mass., E729 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E725 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E730 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E731 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D24MY8.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST