Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H627 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 2018 No. 18 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor-ida). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 25, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable T
HOMAS J. R
OONEY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We ask Your special blessing upon the Members of this people’s House. In these days of a constituent work-week, give wisdom to all the Members, that they might execute their respon-sibilities to the benefit of all Ameri-cans. Bless them, O God, and be with them and with us all this day and every day to come. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(a) of House Resolution 694, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DER-
HOLT ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. ADERHOLT led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
PROVIDING FOR A JOINT SESSION OF CONGRESS TO RECEIVE A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged concurrent res-olution and ask for its immediate con-sideration. The Clerk read the concurrent reso-lution, as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 101 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That the two Houses of Congress assemble in the Hall of the House of Representatives on Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 9 p.m., for the purpose of receiving such communication as the President of the United States shall be pleased to make to them. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill was signed by the Speaker on Monday, January 22, 2018: 
H.R. 195, making further continuing appro-priations for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 24, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on January 24, 2018, at 1:27 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 1395. That the Senate passed S. 2152. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
APPOINTMENTS TO CONGRESSIONAL AWARD BOARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 803(a) of the Congressional Recognition for Excellence in Arts Education Act (2 USC 803(a)), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Congressional Award Board: Mr. H
UDSON of North Carolina And, in addition: Mr. Steve Hart, Washington, D.C. Ms. Kimberly Norman, Dallas, Texas Mr. Michael Pitts, Jr., Kenosha, Wis-consin Mr. Marc Baer, Savage, Minnesota Mr. Jason Van Pelt, Washington, D.C. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1395. An act to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in Delaware; to the Committee on Natural Resources. S. 2152. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for vic-tims of child pornography, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JA7.000 H25JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH628 January 25, 2018 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker on Monday, January 22, 2018: 
H.R. 195. An act making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on January 22, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 195. Making further continuing appro-priations for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(b) of House Resolution 694, the House stands adjourned until noon on Monday, January 29, 2018, for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for leg-islative business. Thereupon (at 4 o’clock and 4 min-utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Janu-ary 29, 2018, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
RULES AND REPORTS SUBMITTED PURSUANT TO THE CONGRES-SIONAL REVIEW ACT Pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(d), executive communications [final rules] sub-mitted to the House pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1) during the period of September 14, 2017, through January 3, 2018, shall be treated as though re-ceived on January 25, 2018. Original dates of transmittal, numberings, and referrals to committee of those execu-tive communications remain as indi-cated in the Executive Communication section of the relevant C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD . 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3816. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Oranges, Grapefruit, Tan-gerines, and Pummelos Grown in Florida and Imported Grapefruit; Change in Size Re-quirements for Grapefruit [Doc. No.: AMS- SC-17-0063; SC17-905-1 IR] received January 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 3817. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s affir-mation of interim rule — Walnuts Grown in California; Decreased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-17-0035; SC17-984-1 FIR] re-ceived January 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 3818. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the FY 2018 Operational Energy Budget Certification Report, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2926(c)(4); Pub-lic Law 113-291, div. A, title IX, Sec. 901(g)(1); (128 Stat. 3465); to the Committee on Armed Services. 3819. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility; New York: Montgomery County, City of Amster-dam; [Docket ID: FEMA-2017-0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8513] received January 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3820. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility; Beau-regard Parish, Unincorporated Areas; [Dock-et ID: FEMA-2017-0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8511] received January 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3821. A letter from the Secretary, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Annual Report for Fiscal Year 2017 from the Department’s Bureau of Industry and Security, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. app. 2413(a); Public Law 96-72, Sec. 14(a); (93 Stat. 532); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 3822. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-097, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3823. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-083, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3824. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-086, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3825. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-090, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3826. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-091, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3827. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-099, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3828. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-101, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3829. A letter from the Chief, Regulations and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oil and Gas and Sulfur Oper-ations on the Outer Continental Shelf —— Civil Penalty Inflation Adjustment [Docket ID: BSEE-2018-0001; 189E1700D2 ET1SF0000.PSB000 EEE500000] (RIN: 1014- AA36) received January 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3830. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Rules of Practice and Pro-cedure (RIN: 3064-AE71) received January 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3831. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting docu-ments to the Congress that describe the safe-guard actions proclaimed on imports of large residential washers and certain crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells (whether or not partially or fully assembled into other prod-ucts), pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2253(b); Public Law 93-618, Sec. 203(b); (88 Stat. 2015); to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 3978. A bill to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mort-gage disclosures, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–524). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4546. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to specify when a na-tionally traded security is exempt from State regulation of security offerings (Rept. 115–525). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4266. A bill to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–526). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4264. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain Bureau of Land Management land in Cache County, Utah, to the City of Hyde Park for public purposes (Rept. 115–527). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. GRANGER: H.R. 4877. A bill Making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 4878. A bill to establish the Federal Labor-Management Partnership Council, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. M AR-
SHALL , and Mr. P ITTENGER ): H.R. 4879. A bill to prevent States and local jurisdictions from interfering with the pro-duction and distribution of agricultural products in interstate or foreign commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JANUARY\H25JA8.REC H25JA8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H629 January 25, 2018 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: H.R. 4880. A bill to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in Delaware; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. L
OEBSACK ): H.R. 4881. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a task force for meeting the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 4882. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat amounts paid for private umbilical cord blood or umbilical cord tissue, or placental blood or placental tissue, banking services as medical care ex-penses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 4883. A bill to provide for the designa-tion of certain wilderness areas, recreation management areas, and conservation areas in the State of Colorado, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself and Mr. S
CHNEIDER ): H.R. 4884. A bill to deter foreign inter-ference in United States elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Intelligence (Permanent Select), the Ju-diciary, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. G
ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. B ASS, Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 4885. A bill to require the Federal In-surance Office of the Department of the Treasury to conduct a study to identify dis-parities between communities in auto insur-ance costs and payout amounts based on the predominant racial makeup of such commu-nities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. ADERHOLT: H. Con. Res. 101. Concurrent resolution providing for a joint session of Congress to receive a message from the President; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. R
USH, Ms. L EE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE): H. Res. 713. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of the designation of Janu-ary 1, 2015, to December 31, 2024, as the ‘‘International Decade for People of African Descent’’; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Ms. GRANGER: H.R. 4877. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific con-stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 4878. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. KING of Iowa H.R. 4879. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Consitution. By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: H.R. 4880. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 4881. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 4882. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 4883. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: H.R. 4884. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 4885. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States. ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 354: Mr. N ORMAN . H.R. 592: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 644: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 719: Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. F
ERGUSON , and Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 807: Mr. C
APUANO and Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 820: Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C
UELLAR , and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 850: Mr. C
URTIS , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 858: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 936: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 972: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 1155: Ms. B
ORDALLO and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1322: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 1406: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1458: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 1494: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 1536: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1554: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1575: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1626: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 1789: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 1815: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 1861: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas, and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1902: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 1928: Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 1953: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1972: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
AETZ , and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 1987: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 2147: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 2162: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 2166: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 2268: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2392: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2397: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 2401: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 2451: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 2472: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 2520: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 2652: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2687: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 2740: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. C LYBURN . H.R. 2952: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2999: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 3199: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 3380: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 3549: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3637: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 3671: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 3894: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 3956: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 3981: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 4082: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4099: Mr. B
ACON , Ms. L EE, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. R USH, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4143: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 4229: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 4231: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 4256: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 4271: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 4276: Mr. H
ECK, Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. N OR-
TON, and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 4312: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. K
INGof New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25JA7.100 H25JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH630 January 25, 2018 
H.R. 4316: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4370: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 4392: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 4413: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4461: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 4525: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 4547: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 4671: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 4680: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. S ABLAN . H.R. 4691: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4693: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4776: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 4780: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 4810: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 4830: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 4840: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. G AETZ , Mr. R OSS, Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 4852: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 4855: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 4875: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland and Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.J. Res. 61: Mr. W
ALDEN . H. Res. 58: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H. Res. 128: Mr. R
EICHERT . H. Res. 142: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H. Res. 199: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 245: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H. Res. 570: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H. Res. 671: Mr. R
ENACCI and Mr. B ACON . H. Res. 683: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Mr. B ISHOP  of Michigan. H. Res. 692: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-ginia, and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H. Res. 697: Mr. S
HERMAN and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H. Res. 704: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 707: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. S
HERMAN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMS. GRANGER  H.R. 4877, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes, does not contain any congressional earmark, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JA7.010 H25JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S507 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 2018 No. 18 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Lord God, the Giver of every good and perfect gift, thank You for this fresh opportunity to do Your will on Earth. Guide our lawmakers. Give them con-sciences void of offense toward You and humanity and honesty of conduct. May they bring You their daily challenges, casting their cares on You. Lord, help them to draw more fully from Your in-exhaustible resources, claiming Your promise to provide for all their needs. Use them to bring peace, justice, and prosperity to our Nation. And Lord, bless the members of the illustrious fall 2017 page class as they prepare to leave us. We pray in Your loving Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
WORK OF THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this week, the Senate has moved past a par-tisan paralysis and checked off several important items for the American peo-ple. On Monday, we passed the bipartisan measure that funds the government through February 8. But that bill didn’t only end the shutdown, it also extended the State Children’s Health Insurance Program for 6 years. That is long-term security for millions of vul-nerable children and peace of mind for their families. And the bill delayed three onerous taxes that ObamaCare would otherwise have imposed on the American people. Yesterday, I filed cloture on com-monsense legislation to protect unborn children who can feel pain. There are only seven countries left that still per-mit elective abortion after 20 weeks, including us, unfortunately, China, and North Korea. On issues of human dig-nity, this is not the company we ought to keep. I look forward to voting to ad-vance this bill next week. We also made important headway in another vital area—the personnel busi-ness. We confirmed three of President Trump’s highly qualified nominees for important posts. We have a new Chair-man of the Federal Reserve, Mr. Pow-ell. We have a new Secretary of Health and Human Services, Mr. Azar. And we have a new Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, our former colleague Sam Brownback. Here in the Senate, Mr. Brownback cham-pioned legislation to combat human trafficking and work to facilitate co-operation on issues facing vulnerable children. As the voices of religious mi-norities are being suppressed around the world, I am glad they will have Ambassador Brownback to speak up for them. Of course, a great deal of work lies ahead of us. In the near future, we need to make bipartisan progress on areas such as immigration and border secu-rity, disaster relief, healthcare, and se-curing adequate funding for our Armed Forces. It is my strong preference that Senators reach bipartisan agreements on these issues in advance of the Feb-ruary 8 deadline. Fortunately, with the government shutdown behind us, seri-ous discussions have resumed on all these matters. A bipartisan, bicameral group, including Senators CORNYN and D
URBIN , is hard at work on immigra-tion. We will also hear from the White House on Monday, and I look forward to the framework they will present. I am optimistic these ongoing nego-tiations will lead to results; nonethe-less, I came to the floor on Sunday night and again on Monday to restate a possibility I had previously discussed with Members with diverse views on immigration policy. I restated that if the February 8 deadline for the current funding bill passes and a long-term agreement still eludes us, as long as the government remains open, the Sen-ate will proceed to a variety of prior-ities on the subject of immigration, in-cluding border security, the DACA issue, and other aspects of immigration policy. The bill I choose to introduce for de-bate will have an amendment process that will ensure a level playing field at the outset. The amendment process will be fair to all sides, allowing Mem-bers to offer their own legislation for consideration and votes. While I obvi-ously cannot guarantee any outcomes, let alone supermajority support, I can ensure the process is fair to all sides. I am glad that my restating this sim-ple position helped my Democratic col-leagues to persuade their leader to abandon his filibuster and permit the government to reopen. The American people are waiting for us to act as soon as possible, so I hope that hard work and honest discussions will yield agree-ments before February 8. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, on Tuesday, President Trump will deliver his first State of the Union Address. He will have good news to deliver on a variety of fronts. I am particularly looking forward to his remarks on our economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JA6.000 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES508 January 25, 2018 
Consumer confidence is up. Unem-ployment is down. Markets are break-ing records. From small businesses to our largest job creators, pay raises, bo-nuses, and plans for new investments are all in season. Of course, the engine of American prosperity is the American people, but smart policy can help by getting the government out of their way. Last December, Republicans in the House and the Senate joined the Presi-dent to deliver once-in-a-generation tax reform. Every day, more evidence piles up that tax reform is already working for the American people. The headlines are full of major employers announcing pay raises and bonuses for workers, as well as new investments. For example, Brown-Forman—a glob-al spirits company headquartered in my hometown of Louisville that em-ploys more than 1,000 Kentuckians—an-nounced yesterday that tax reform will help the company to start a new chari-table foundation for community invest-ment and commit $120 million to fund employee pensions. Soon, thanks to tax reform, a Main Street small business owner will fi-nally be able to realize her dream to expand into the vacant shop next door. Of course, that will mean hiring more help. Soon, thanks to tax reform, a father- and-son manufacturing plant will be able to afford the new equipment they have been eyeing and give their work-ers new skills in the process. Stories like these may not make waves here in Washington, but believe me, they will be front-page news in communities all across our country. From coast to coast, Americans’ lives will improve as Main Street businesses operate for the first time under a 21st- century tax code. This is not just a tax law for the big guys. Now even the smallest businesses will be able to take a significant deduc-tion on their business income, giving them more money to buy new equip-ment, hire new employees, or provide health coverage for their team. So much focus has been on bonuses, pay raises, and 401(k) matches, and for good reason. But we should not forget all of the jobs that will be created when businesses decide to invest more because they can immediately deduct their capital expenditures. I am al-ready hearing from small business own-ers this law was designed to help. Before tax reform, one franchise res-taurant owner in Kentucky wrote me to say that ‘‘the current high tax rate that I pay as a pass-through entity re-duces the amount of earnings I can re-invest into my business, employees, and community.’’ She went on to say, ‘‘I am very encouraged that tax reform is under way in Congress and hope that it can be accomplished in a timely manner.’’ Well, Republican majorities in Congress and the President did just that. In Nicholasville, KY, another con-stituent of mine operates a rental busi-ness for event equipment. He recently explained that ‘‘the relief that will be provided by the new tax bill gives com-panies like mine the capital to pur-chase new inventory . . . as well as hire additional employees.’’ Summing it up, American enterprise is thriving. Tax reform helped make it happen. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of R.D. James, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
DACA AND OTHER ISSUES BEFORE THE SENATE  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, there are now only 13 days remaining before the continuing resolution expires on February 8. In that short amount of time, we must seek a budget deal, an agreement on healthcare legislation, and a bipartisan bill to protect the Dreamers and provide for border secu-rity. All these items are important. All of them are urgent, and we are working hard to get them all done. On the issue of immigration, the bi-partisan group of moderate Senators should continue trying to find a con-sensus. I think that is an excellent idea. The White House, unfortunately, has proven unreliable and wildly unpre-dictable. Within the course of hours, they say different things. Every time the President moves forward on one thing, his staff pulls him back and undoes what he said. The action should be here in the Senate to find a narrow deal on DACA and border security. Now, as we have found time and again, when we open up the negotia-tions to discussions of broad immigra-tion reform, there is no end to what each party says could be on the table. Republicans want vast curtailment of legal immigration. Democrats want to discuss a pathway to citizenship for 11 million. That is a recipe for delay when we can’t afford one. Some on the other side are insisting on expanding this be-yond the DACA and border security issues. That will just delay. That will just make sure that things don’t work. My Republican colleagues, particu-larly the leader and his more moderate Members, should feel the pressure to get this done, or else this administra-tion will start separating families, tak-ing kids out of school, servicemembers out of our military, and workers out of our companies. They will rip them from the American fabric in which they are embedded. What a tragedy that would be. So the clock is ticking on Dreamers, and we don’t have time for extraneous issues that some on the right or the left might want to add that have noth-ing to do with DACA or border secu-rity. The clock is also ticking for pen-sioners, for victims of opioid addiction seeking treatment, and for our vet-erans seeking quality healthcare. We have other issues: rural infrastructure, childcare, things that Democrats want to get done in this deal. We have to get a budget deal and a DACA deal that can get 60 votes—13 days before Dream-ers get a lot closer to deportation; 13 days to help our economy, our commu-nities, and the middle class, who have been waiting for over a year for this Congress to do something for them, in-stead of just helping business interests. FBI 
Mr. President, now I want to focus on one more thing that really should dis-turb every American, and it certainly disturbs me—recent events concerning the Federal Bureau of Investigation. For decades, the FBI has been our Nation’s premier law enforcement agency, admired from one end of the country to the other. TV shows and movies all talked about how good the FBI was. We know because we trust them with protecting our country against many-faced threats: drug traf-ficking, terrorism, white-collar crime. In 2016, the FBI—not politically, but just in the way it works to keep being vigilant to protect us in our security— was tasked with another mission of great importance—investigating Rus-sia’s interference in our elections. As that investigation progressed, it found that members of the Trump cam-paign had concerning associations with the Russians in the lead-up to the elec-tion. That was pure law enforcement. That wasn’t some political direction. Now that that investigation led by Special Counsel Mueller has resulted in two guilty pleas and two more indict-ments of Trump campaign officials, there seems to be a fervor on the other side to discredit what the special coun-sel’s investigation has already re-vealed. That should give serious pause to Democrats, Republicans, and all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JA6.002 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S509 January 25, 2018 
Americans. A foreign power, probably the one that is most in our face, Rus-sia, is interfering in our elections. I don’t care if it is Democratic elections, Republican elections, national elec-tions, or local elections. When a for-eign power interferes in our elections, that gnaws at the wellspring of our de-mocracy. All of us should be giving the FBI space and encouragement to finish their investigation without delay or in-terference. Instead, ever since Special Counsel Mueller was appointed, too many Re-publicans and too many in the right-wing media have been desperate to dis-tract the Nation from his investiga-tion. First they waged an aggressive and coordinated—I would say shameful—at-tack on the integrity of the special counsel. I was in the gym this morning. I spoke to one of my senior Republican colleagues, who said he knew Mueller, and he knew what a fine man he was. He is a model public servant. He spent decades earning the trust and rev-erence of both parties. He was known as somebody who was a registered Re-publican through my years in Wash-ington. He wasn’t regarded as a par-tisan figure, somebody who would have vendettas, political or otherwise—no. It got so out of hand—I couldn’t believe this—that a Republican Congressman suggested Special Counsel Mueller’s in-vestigation was a ‘‘coup,’’ on the floor of the House. That Congressman ought to go back and read his Constitution and read his history books. The rule of law is not a coup. I would say to that Republican Member of Congress: No person, not even the President, is above the law. The political smear campaign has now bled into a spiraling and delu-sional attack on the FBI itself. The Re-publican majority on the House Intel-ligence Committee has, according to Representative S
CHIFF , manufactured a secret memo of partisan talking points, full of innuendo and glaring omissions, intended to suggest widespread corrup-tion at the Department of Justice and the FBI. They are very, very serious al-legations, if they had any truth to them or backing. Adding to the impro-priety, some of those same Republicans are now trying to release this slan-derous memo—and that is what it is, a slanderous memo—to the public. Since this investigation has started, our Nation has had to endure con-spiracy after conspiracy from Repub-lican Congressmen and Senators and, of course, from the rightwing press, which acts in total cahoots. There are conspiracies about ‘‘deep state’’ leaks and unmasking requests, phone taps at Trump Tower, Uranium One, who paid for the so-called Steele dossier, and today it is this memo. On and on and on, they are conspiracy theories with virtually no fact—paranoia, delusion. Why? Are they afraid of the truth of the Mueller investigation? It seems so. Meanwhile, Republican Members of this body, I am ashamed to say, picked up on casual texts sent between FBI agents to peddle the nonsense that there is a ‘‘secret society’’ at the De-partment of Justice, without a shred of evidence. I saw one of those—the Sen-ator who was propagating this, this morning on television. It looked crazy. It looked delusional. It looked para-noid. What began as an attempt to dis-credit the investigator has now de-volved into delusional, self-serving par-anoia. The Republican Party, which used to hold itself up as a law and order party, seems intent on destroying the credi-bility of our premier law and order agency and the hard-working men and women who serve there—all to assist a President who cares and knows very little about the boundaries of rule of law. Imagine, the FBI, which for decades the Republican Party upheld—I re-member lots of political debates here— now they are discrediting them with virtually no basis in fact. Guess who has joined the Republican campaign to attack the FBI. The Republican cam-paign to attack the FBI has been joined by the same forces that inter-fered in the 2016 election—Wikileaks, Julian Assange, and Russia. Just a few years ago, those things were attacked by our Republican friends, particularly the hard right. Now they are joining them, wittingly or unwittingly. Can you imagine the outrage on the right if President Obama’s message was being spread by Wikileaks, Julian Assange, or Kremlin sources? Within hours of GOP lawmakers and FOX News calling for the release of the Nunes memo, Russian-linked bots began pushing the narrative using the hashtag ‘‘releasethememo’’—Russian bots, hashtag ‘‘releasethememo.’’ Just a few hours after some of our Repub-lican friends started this push, use of the hashtag spiked and was used 100 times more than any other hashtag by Kremlin-linked accounts. We are witnessing an effort by the Russian Government to intervene and influence our democratic processes in real time. Every single American should be concerned by this, particu-larly when their elected officials are willing to work—wittingly or unwit-tingly—alongside Russia to manipulate our opinion. Some of our Republican colleagues—sadly, unfortunately, wittingly or unwittingly—are acting as allies of Russia’s disinformation cam-paign. Can you imagine? Can you imag-ine? It is hard to make this stuff up. It seems like we make this stuff up, but it is real—hard-right Republicans and the Russians trying to discredit our pre-mier law enforcement agency. This country erected institutions like the FBI and the Department of Justice to defend the vital interests of the Nation without deference to polit-ical parties. Much like the Federal ju-diciary, they act as an essential check on political power—whosever power it is—a defense against creeping authoritarianism. What the FBI is investigating right now is about shielding our democracy from the disinformation campaigns of foreign adversaries. Russia wants noth-ing more than to undermine our de-mocracy by eroding people’s faith in its institutions, for without resilient democratic institutions, there can be no democracy. Make no mistake about it. Today Russia may be doing the same thing that a lot of our Republican colleagues are. Tomorrow they may be attacking our Republican colleagues. The Rus-sians have no interests other than hurting America. So the Republican at-tacks on the credibility of the FBI and the Department of Justice are playing right into Putin’s hands. They con-stitute an attack on democracy itself. There has to be a line. There has to be a line where the interests of your political party stop, because to go any further would be to diminish our coun-try. I say that to my colleagues here and in the House who have participated in this besmirching unfairly, paranoically, self-interestedly of the FBI. Peddling delusions of secret soci-eties, ‘‘deep state’’ leaks, and coup d’etats cross the line of what anyone of any party should do. It has to stop. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. TAX REFORM  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, we have finally ended this government shutdown that was produced and di-rected by the Democrats in the Senate. The reason Democrats decided to take this extreme step and shut down the government was because of the nar-row issue of illegal immigration. They shut down services for citizens of the United States to provide services for people who are not citizens of the United States, and the Democrats have admitted it was all about this issue of illegal immigration. There may have been another reason, as well, that Democrats wanted to shut down the government, and that was so they could change the subject being de-bated by people, talked about by friends, noticed by Americans, and making the headlines. That subject, of course, is the competence and opti-mism in the American economy—by workers, by people who are paying taxes, by people who realize how the Republican tax relief legislation is going to help improve their lives per-sonally. I think the success of the Republican tax relief bill scares a lot of Demo-crats. It scares them because every one of them voted against it. They didn’t think it was a good idea to let people keep more of their hard-earned money. The Democrats thought it was a better idea for possibly the government to keep that money and use it and spend it in ways many people—certainly in Wyoming—feel is not a good use of that money. Families know how to get more value out of their dollars than the gov-ernment ever will. Democrats voted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JA6.003 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES510 January 25, 2018 
against it—the tax cuts that would ac-tually create jobs all across the coun-try, and we have seen that job creation occurring. They voted against the tax relief that is going to allow money to be brought back to America so invest-ments are made in America. It was so interesting to listen to N
ANCY PELOSI —the former Speaker of the House and now the minority leader in the House—refer to what we were doing in the Senate and in the House as Armageddon. She said it was the end of the world. That is what she said. The American people, hard-working people, don’t believe that at all. They believe it is good for them personally. It turns out that people who work at more than 200 companies in this coun-try have already gotten a raise or some kind of a cash benefit or additional contribution to their retirement be-cause of the tax law. That is why all those companies said they did it. Over 2 million people have obtained this benefit of the tax relief law, and more are going to benefit in the years ahead. Millions of Americans are going to start seeing more take-home pay in their paychecks next month. That is because of this tax relief law the Demo-crats—every one of them—opposed. We are seeing it not just with American families; we are seeing it with invest-ments coming in from abroad. This law has totally changed how we tax the money companies earn that sell things to people overseas. This chart goes through it. It used to be that when U.S. companies made money some-where else; they paid taxes there. If they wanted to bring it back home, they had to pay taxes again, a double taxation. Very few countries do that, but the United States was one of them—double taxation. Businesses then had to make a decision, had to make a choice. It could bring money back home, pay taxes a second time, or keep the money overseas, invest it there, and not have to pay that second tax. A lot of companies, looking at the tax laws the United States had on the books previously, decided it was too much of a penalty to bring that money back home and invest it in the Amer-ican economy. There was something like $2.8 trillion in American business that American businesses had been holding in other countries. We actually had a tax code that worked to the advantage of foreign countries, not to the advantage of the United States. It was locking money out, keeping it overseas, keeping it from helping American workers at home. That is a very backward way to look at how the Tax Code should work. We changed the law when Republicans voted to change the tax law, give tax-payers relief. Now the money gets taxed once, not twice. It changed the system in America the way most coun-tries around the world do it. That means businesses no longer have this warped incentive to keep their money out of the United States. It makes it much easier for that money to come back from overseas to the United States. It is good for America. It is what an America first economy looks like. It gets rid of this crazy Tax Code that we had, giving other countries an advantage—not anymore. The second thing this tax relief law has done is actually cut taxes. When American businesses had to pay this second tax, the rates were very high— one of the highest in the world. It was adding insult to injury. Other coun-tries have actually been cutting taxes for years—not the United States, not on our own companies in the United States. Here at home, we had one of the highest and most punitive taxes in the world. There wasn’t a major coun-try in the world where businesses paid as high a tax as we did in the United States. Washington was taxing compa-nies about 35 percent if they tried to bring home some of the profits from overseas. Because of the tax law we passed and President Trump has signed, this rate has now dropped to 21 percent—from 35 percent to 21 percent. Now our tax rates are actually below the average of other countries around the world. That puts American busi-nesses at a significantly stronger posi-tion to compete around the world. It puts us at a competitive advantage. We got rid of the double taxation system— Republicans did—when we passed this law, and we cut tax rates significantly as well. When you put these two things to-gether—cutting the rates, making it easier to bring money back to the United States, eliminating this double taxation—it is a big help to American workers, to the men and women who work in America, as well as the busi-nesses that employ those people. Busi-nesses are much more likely now to in-vest in America, put their money back home, in American workers, in the American economy. We are seeing it already. The tech company Apple recently an-nounced it is increasing investments in U.S. operations. They said their total contribution to the American economy over the next 5 years will be $350 bil-lion. They are planning to bring home as much as $250 billion in money that right now is parked overseas. They are talking about employing 20,000 more workers, hiring 20,000 more people. They have been letting that money sit overseas because of this system that locked the money out. Now, with the new tax law, it is going to be much easier to bring this money home and invest it in America. It is not just Apple. We are seeing it with Fiat Chrysler, with Boeing, with AT&T, and with others. They are in-creasing investment in the United States and in the workers at home, and it is all because of the tax law the Re-publicans voted for, and every one of the Democrats voted against. It is no surprise that Democrats may have wanted to shut down the government to knock off the front page of the paper the headlines of the success of the tax law and instead see reports about the Democrats shutting down the govern-ment. It is interesting. There has been so much economic activity after this changed that other countries are begin-ning to become nervous. Other coun-tries used to know they had the upper hand over the United States when it came to investments in the economy, and they figured the United States would never get its act together enough to change the tax laws to make us the competitive, thriving economy we know we can be. These countries knew the U.S. tax law was working in their favor—not anymore. Countries like China, the United Kingdom, and Japan are considering changing their own taxes in response to what we have done. We are leading the way. They are trying to play catch-up with their economy. In Australia, as a matter of fact, they expect the loss of significant amounts of economic activ-ity and growth to the United States be-cause of the new tax law. Other coun-tries are running scared because Presi-dent Trump and Republicans in Con-gress are doing exactly what we prom-ised the American people we would do. We are keeping our promises. We are putting American workers first. Tax relief is working. It is helping hard- working American families. It is cre-ating economic growth. It is giving America the competitive edge we de-serve because of the work we do, and we haven’t had it in a long period of time. Democrats said it would never hap-pen, during the debate, on the tax law. First, they did everything they could to make sure we wouldn’t get it passed—slowed it down, voted against it, talked against it. They were wrong, and now they know they were wrong. They have seen the money come back. They have seen the growth in the econ-omy. They have seen the number of jobs created. They have seen the growth in wages. They are seeing peo-ple keeping more of their hard-earned dollars. They see people happier. They see a level of confidence and optimism that wasn’t there in a previous admin-istration. The Democrats seem to be trying to change the subject by putting up a smokescreen—shutting down the gov-ernment to avoid and try to deflect from the success the Republicans have allowed the American people to recog-nize in themselves because the tax laws have changed, and the American people will benefit from it for years to come. It is time for the Democrats to give up the games, come to the table, join Republicans, and do what we know we need to do, which is put the American workers first. It is time for the Demo-crats to join the Republicans and work on behalf of all the American people who have sent all of us here in the first place, and we are seeing it now with the tax law and the tax relief and the tax cuts that are benefiting people all across this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JA6.005 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S511 January 25, 2018 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
FOREIGN POLICY  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor to reflect on the troubling foreign policy 1 year into President Donald Trump’s administration. A recent poll out from Gallup showed a dramatic reduction in global public opinion toward the United States. Con-fidence in the United States by the global community has plummeted to 30 percent under President Trump. A low public opinion of our great country, among other nations, is not a good thing, and it is not something to cele-brate. In fact, it makes the world less safe for America and Americans. It limits our economic opportunities, and it undermines our ability to promote our values of portraying President Rea-gan’s vision of a city on a hill. In just 1 year, the Trump administration has betrayed America’s values, abandoned our allies, and appeased our enemies. America’s alliances, for example, with the United Nations and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization keep our country safe and prosperous while they also build a more secure world, but President Trump has repeatedly ques-tioned the worthiness of both organiza-tions and has attacked leading mem-bers of each body—almost always key American allies. These concerns were made much worse when, early in the administra-tion, Secretary Tillerson said that America’s interests would no longer be dictated by our values. It was almost unfathomable to hear the Nation’s top diplomat speak in such a narrow, my-opic way. Also, the games the adminis-tration has played with the mission statements of the State Department and the U.S. Agency for International Development have been clear attempts to depart from the values that define who we are—support for democracy, human rights, transparency, and good governance. President Trump has praised strongmen leaders in Russia, China, Turkey, Egypt, and the Philippines even as they imprison, torture, or kill their own citizens. If support for world leaders who lack almost all of our val-ues is not bad enough, President Trump’s attacks on some of America’s closest friends have undermined the credibility of America’s word and America’s commitment to its values. Launching verbal broadsides against the United Kingdom, Australia, and South Korea—the latter during the on-going standoff with North Korea—are deeply regrettable and completely counterproductive. Speaking of verbal mistakes, you cannot conduct high stakes diplomacy through the use of Twitter. We should never normalize such conduct by a President of the United States. Sec-retary of State Rex Tillerson conceded last week that he, essentially, learns about the President’s foreign policy statements—or even of his positions— because his staff at Foggy Bottom prints off the President’s tweets for him. That should give everyone a mo-ment for pause. Besides the nuclear crisis with North Korea, nowhere have the President’s statements been more damaging than in the tenuous relationship between Washington and Moscow. Frankly, the President’s words and actions send a clear signal to Mr. Putin that he can continue to attack democratic institu-tions and values with impunity. Each time Mr. Putin denies to Mr. Trump that the Kremlin was involved in at-tempting to influence the 2016 elec-tion—a bald-faced lie—the American President races to say that he believes him. Never before in history has such a clear threat to our national security been so clearly ignored by a President of the United States. Last week, I released a report through the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that documented Mr. Putin’s pattern of 20 years of attacks against democratic institutions in Eu-rope. In order to best understand what he did here in the United States in 2016—a matter still under investiga-tion—as well as to protect ourselves in 2018, 2020, and beyond, we need to un-derstand the big picture and respond accordingly. We will never be fully pro-tected or have a robust enough re-sponse with the President’s repeated public appeasement of Mr. Putin. We have seen again this week how that has been playing out in a matter that is being debated in Congress. The Russian Government continues to interfere in our political debates here in the United States. There are reports that Russian internet bots and trolls are working to support Congressman N
UNES ’s efforts to produce and release a Republican staff report on the inves-tigation into Russia’s interference in our 2016 elections. We know that Rus-sian bots and trolls are vigorously pro-moting these attacks and corroding our political institutions and norms of behavior, seeking to paralyze our gov-ernment and undermine our democ-racy. This sort of behavior carries a possible grave risk to our democratic system and our very way of life. I am not surprised to find that Rus-sian services are attacking us, as a re-cent report that we released made it clear that it was part of their strategy, but I do hope that all of us—Democrats and Republicans—will stand up for our democratic institutions and speak out against Russia’s interference in our po-litical system. The President refers to his foreign policy strategy as ‘‘America first.’’ ‘‘America first’’ is a risky and chaotic proposition and will, certainly, lead to America alone. The Muslim ban, hast-ily handed down not 1 week into his ad-ministration, was the early defining moment of President Trump’s tenure— the clearest sign yet he would actively work to denigrate our values and iso-late us from the rest of the world. President Trump’s rhetoric has made a multifaceted conflict with China more likely at a time when we need to work with the Chinese on stronger dip-lomatic ties between our nations to im-prove regional stability in East Asia. The President’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris cli-mate agreement—an accord that every nation on Earth is a member of and which the majority of the President’s senior advisers recommended against— is a gross abdication of American lead-ership and a narrow-minded rejection of basic science and fact. I and other Members of this body are engaged in an attempt to prevent the President from withdrawing without reason from another major inter-national agreement—the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action, otherwise known as the Iran nuclear deal. The President has jeopardized the agree-ment by not certifying Iran’s compli-ance and without his producing any evidence that Iran is in violation of the agreement. He has now made a number of aggressive demands of Congress and of our European allies, once again dem-onstrating that he is no negotiator. America first, supposedly, but as communities in Maryland and across the country struggle with a nationwide epidemic of opioids, heroin, and fentanyl overdoses, President Trump’s budget has proposed a 27-percent reduc-tion in America’s global counter-narcotics efforts, which will directly weaken our ability to work with inter-national partners to stem the illegal flow of drugs that are entering our country. The President sought to slash $1 bil-lion from America’s global efforts to fight HIV/AIDS in Africa, Asia, and elsewhere. Thanks to bipartisan Amer-ican leadership, we have made enor-mous strides against this disease. We should not turn back from that progress. This kind of fear, insecurity, and even xenophobia are damaging our reputation abroad and corroding our core identity as Americans here at home. The President has doubled down on the disastrous wall rhetoric and con-tinues to belittle Mexico, one of our closest friends and partners in the world. Even the White House Chief of Staff’s attempt to clean up the Presi-dent’s wall position ended embarrass-ingly for him. President Trump’s campaign to un-dermine American values resulted in slashing refugee resettlement into the United States, while asking other countries to do more. His policies dam-age our moral leadership, condone other countries’ rejection of refugees on their borders, and strengthen the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JA6.006 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES512 January 25, 2018 
hand of those who wish to do us harm through recruitment and radicalization. U.S. leadership on this issue is key to our counterterrorism strategy. President Ronald Reagan admitted 140,000 refugees in just 1 year of his Presidency. By contrast, at a time of extraordinary international need—far greater than when President Reagan was in office—President Trump capped refugee resettlement at 45,000 this fis-cal year. Since he announced that pol-icy, refugee admissions in this country have fallen to a level unseen in modern history. At the current rate, the United States may grant entry to fewer than 20,000 refugees—the lowest number since the program was established in 1980. The President’s stealth attack on refugee resettlement is a war on a pro-gram that has embodied America’s compassion and global leadership. Much attention has been drawn to the despicable uncertainty that Presi-dent Trump has injected into the lives of hundreds of thousands of Dreamers, preparing to deport young people who are essentially American citizens to countries they have never known. But equally as troubling is the President’s denial of temporary protected status, or TPS, for hundreds of thousands of people from Haiti and El Salvador. Many more from Honduras and Syria sit in the President’s crosshairs. These people have lived in our country, some-times for decades, contribute to our economy, and many have American cit-izen children. Sending them back to their home nations at this time—coun-tries that are already destabilized to various degrees—will exacerbate local and regional problems. I am proud of the legislation I have written with Senators F
EINSTEIN and V
ANHOLLEN that is supported by nu-merous colleagues to create a legal pathway to residency for TPS recipi-ents who only seek a better life for themselves and their families, enrich-ing our country and all that it stands for in the process. The U.S. military is the finest in the world, but increasingly, President Trump wants our men and women in uniform to do what should be the re-sponsibility of our diplomatic and de-velopment corps—our forces for peace. And it is not just a slow and steady transfer of responsibilities from Foggy Bottom to the Pentagon; President Trump has failed to fill critical na-tional security jobs and is gutting our development and diplomatic institu-tions. It infuriates me when the President or his team dares to accuse the Senate of failing to do its constitutional re-sponsibilities regarding nominations. Of 163 Senate-confirmed positions across the State Department and USAID, the administration does not have nominees for 72 of those jobs—just under 50 percent—1 year into office of this administration. The administration has proposed an illogical and ideological cut of over 30 percent to the State Department and USAID budgets, attempting to dis-embowel critical national security tools. Secretary Tillerson has main-tained an unexplained hiring freeze at the Department and Agency. Dip-lomats are leaving the government in large numbers, and his attempt to reor-ganize the Department many view as a solution in search of a problem. The President has little interest in how di-plomacy advances our interests, pro-motes our values, and makes us safer and more prosperous. To make matters worse, the Presi-dent and his family continue to con-duct themselves in a manner that pro-motes their business interests, making our foreign policy more difficult. In his dealings with China alone, the writing is on the wall. Candidate Trump said that on day one of his Presidency, he would declare China a currency manip-ulator. American businesses are still waiting. Did he sacrifice the American worker in order to appease the Chinese banker who paid him rent at Trump Tower? Or perhaps it was so he could secure those long sought after business trademarks with China—38 in all. The American people should not lose sight of the fact that the President has refused to divest himself from the Trump Organization, ignoring decades of ethical norms and precedent. The President of the United States is en-gaged in foreign policy while maintain-ing unprecedented business interests in about 20 countries. Today, the Presi-dent has a financial stake in real es-tate projects in India, Indonesia, the Philippines, and elsewhere—develop-ments that require approval and inter-vention from governments, financing from banks, and cooperation from local partners. He continues to earn royal-ties from properties located through-out the world, from Panama to the United Arab Emirates. Reaping a financial profit while serv-ing as President begs the question of whether he is working in his own best interest or the Nation’s best interest— exactly why the Constitution’s emolu-ments clause exists and of which I be-lieve he is in violation. President Trump could easily rectify this by cut-ting his financial ties and leaving no doubt that his first and foremost pri-ority is serving the Nation’s interests. In closing, let me say that American foreign policy led by our values, sup-port for our allies, and a desire to make the world a better place, keeps us safe at home and advances our coun-try’s prosperity and security. President Trump has not put the strategies in place to deal with the complicated na-tional security crises facing our coun-try. Instead, he has made international security challenges more difficult to solve, including the crisis with Iran, the nuclear weapons dilemma with North Korea, and the Kremlin activi-ties sowing discord in our country and throughout the world. President Trump has been unwilling to engage in the delicate diplomacy and tough na-tional security decisions that are re-quired to keep this country safe and maintain our global leadership. The role of Congress in shaping and advancing U.S. foreign policy has never been more important, and I will con-tinue to advance legislation, conduct oversight, and speak out about these important issues in the name of the American people and the values and norms that define us and our place in this complicated world. I am proud that there are many Members on both sides of the aisle who share these con-cerns, and we will work together for America’s national security interests. With that, Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. FISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SENATE PRIORITIES  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, now that the government is up and running again, we need to look ahead at what our legislative priorities should be. I can’t speak for everybody, but I can speak for myself. My priorities are threefold. First, we need to expedite disaster re-lief. In December, the House passed an $81 billion disaster relief bill designed to address the natural disasters caused by Hurricane Irma, Hurricane Harvey, as well as the wildfires out West. That has been sitting in the Senate since De-cember. We need to act and act with dispatch. Everybody remembers Hurricane Harvey—we certainly do in Texas— which pummeled us last August. It was last August; this is February. Most of the media attention in the months since has focused on the city of Hous-ton, which quite literally was torn apart. This was the most intense rain event in American history—more than 50 inches of rain fell in 5 days. Other areas beyond Houston fared worse—I am thinking of cities like Rockport and Port Author on the Texas coast. I am thinking of cities like Victoria and Beaumont. More than 28,000 square miles were flooded. Crops rotted, livestock died, and almost 6 months later people are still piecing together their lives. In addition to Hurricane Harvey, as I said, there was Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria, and there were the wildfires that burned across California that later resulted in mudslides after the rains fell. I know the Federal Gov-ernment is not the only entity charged with ensuring help gets to these places, but it certainly has an important part to play. This morning, I attended the U.S. Conference of Mayors and saw a num-ber of my mayors from Texas who were part of the success or at least the man-agement of this natural disaster in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JA6.008 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S513 January 25, 2018 
Texas. They have done their part. The State has done its part. It is time for the Federal Government to step up, and it is time for the Senate to pass this supplemental bill that was passed by the House in December. The second priority I have, person-ally, is lifting the spending caps that impair our national defense, particu-larly our men and women in uniform. In my remarks yesterday, I said this is a problem set in motion by the Budget Control Act of 2011. While well-inten-tioned—for a while it did hold down discretionary spending and reduced our deficits and our debt—its implementa-tion has not stemmed our national debt, but it has tied the hands of our military. This is an important lesson. It is not defense spending, it is not tax cuts, it is not discretionary spending; it is the mandatory spending in our en-titlement programs which continue to run up deficits and debt and which threaten us and our financial future, to be sure. In the meantime, our military faces readiness challenges across the globe. We simply must listen to people like Defense Secretary Jim Mattis. We should lift the caps, end sequester so our military no longer suffers and so our national security is on safer ground. The third on my immediate to-do list is working with a bipartisan group of legislators as well as President Trump on the issue of the DACA recipients. As everybody who has been paying much attention in recent days knows, this is a group of about 690,000 young adults who came into the country as children because their parents brought them in illegally, in noncompliance with our immigration laws. In the United States, we don’t hold children responsible for the mistakes of their parents, nor should we punish these young adults who have now grown up because their parents broke our immigration laws. We know they face an uncertain future, and much of the responsibility for our porous bor-ders should be borne by Congress—not only the present Congress, but past Congresses—for basically turning our heads the other way while people con-tinued to immigrate illegally into the United States. We are going to need to improve our infrastructure, personnel, and tech-nology to make sure we don’t experi-ence that sort of rush of illegal immi-gration in the future, which is why some of our Democratic colleagues like to say that we need to protect DACA recipients, which we are willing to do. But we want to make sure there is not a repetition of this in 3 years or 5 years hence. So there are important meas-ures we need to combine with that, and the President has told us that he is going to insist upon—and he is correct in doing so—a robust border security component, as well as ending chain mi-gration and the diversity lottery visas. From the news I saw this morning, it sounds like the President made some statement about the first piece of that puzzle last night. We are expecting to hear more from the White House on how they expect Congress to respond and what the President would find ac-ceptable here in the next few days. This bill can’t become law without the President’s signature. So the Presi-dent’s views are not irrelevant, but we are the ones who have the primary re-sponsibility to resolve these com-plicated issues. Getting 60 votes is not the only thing we are aiming for. Cer-tainly, that is the hurdle we have in the Senate, but it would be a futile act if the President wouldn’t sign it or if it wouldn’t pass the House of Representa-tives. So we have our work cut out for us, and I know the American people will not support it unless it is a serious and well-thought-out proposal. The blowback will be strong, and we will face a harsh reprisal if we don’t take into account the opinions and the views of our constituents back home, which I intend to do. Beyond these short-term actions, which we need to move on as soon as possible, there are other priorities I would like to mention as well. Infra-structure is something everybody likes to talk about, until you ask the ques-tion: How are we going to pay for it? Recently, I introduced a bipartisan bill with Senator W
ARNER from Vir-ginia that would expand an infrastruc-ture financing authority already in use by many States and local governments across the United States. This legisla-tion is called the BUILD Act, which would raise the caps on a specific cat-egory of what are known as private ac-tivity bonds, giving additional access to tax-exempt bond authority for the purpose of constructing highway projects. I was with a number of Texas mayors earlier this morning, and they told me they see that as a positive develop-ment, something they can use in their cities. They appreciate that during the tax reform debate we maintained the tax-exempt status of municipal bonds used for those kinds of purposes. In the near future, I intend to intro-duce a few other legislative initiatives to help rehabilitate our Nation’s infra-structure. I come from a State that is growing because we are creating so many jobs, and that is putting a strain on our existing infrastructure. So for the interest of public safety and the en-vironment, as well as our economy, we need to repair and build out our infra-structure. I know the White House has some plans in this area as well, and we look forward to hearing more about them and working with the administra-tion when it comes to infrastructure. Thinking about other areas that we could work on in a bipartisan fashion, I firmly believe it is important for us to look at success stories in the States, and then, once these laboratories of de-mocracy have done things that actu-ally result in positive things, we can then learn from them and scale them up at the Federal level. That is one reason I am very inter-ested in taking the lessons we learned in Texas and other States on prison re-form and offering a better, more en-lightened, and sensible path to reentry for people who made mistakes and ended up in our jails and prisons. Not everybody is going to take advantage of it. In my visits in Texas prisons, I know illiteracy is rampant. Some peo-ple have drug or alcohol problems that need to be addressed. Some people just need to learn basic job skills if we ex-pect for them to succeed once they get out of prison. We have used various in-centives for low-risk offenders in Texas to provide them opportunities to ad-dress each of those concerns, and it has been quite successful. Not only have fewer people recommitted crimes and ended up back in prison, but our com-munities have become safer as a result, and taxpayers have had to build fewer prisons in the process. I have been working in the Senate on a bipartisan way with my colleague from Rhode Island, Senator WHITE-
HOUSE , and my colleague from Utah, Senator L
EE. I know this issue has got-ten some real traction thanks to Presi-dent Trump and the roundtable he hosted at the White House earlier this month. More than 11 million people go to jail each year in the United States, and there are currently 2.3 million people under confinement. This is a matter of great public concern, but to me the No. 1 concern is public safety. If we can keep the public safer, if we can save taxpayer dollars, and if we can help people who are willing to accept the opportunity to turn their lives around and become productive members of our society, it seems to me that we ought to be doing that. I look forward to hearing more—per-haps even from the President during the State of the Union Address on Tuesday night, if he chooses to men-tion his interest in that topic, which I know he is interested in. Finally, we have to keep filling our judicial vacancies. Last year, we were able to put two Texans on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, but more dis-trict judges have come through the pipeline this year. One of the judges we confirmed earlier this month is David Counts from Midland, TX. He will be serving in the Western District of Texas. Just this week, the President announced his intention to nominate another judge for the Western District of Texas, Alan Albright, as well as Cam Barker, Jeremy Kernodle, and Michael Truncale for the Eastern District of Texas. We are a big State. So we have a lot of judicial vacancies, and Senator C
RUZ and I are working hard, together with the White House, to make rec-ommendations to President Trump for nomination. They go through a very extensive vetting process. Senator C
RUZand I have created something we call the Federal Judicial Evaluation Committee, which is a group of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JA6.009 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES514 January 25, 2018 
most experienced practitioners in the State, on a bipartisan basis, to evalu-ate the people who apply for these im-portant life-tenured positions. I want to compliment the President for his sterling picks for the judiciary, certainly so far, starting with the Su-preme Court of the United States. But at the intermediate appellate courts, like the Fifth Circuit and these district courts, these are the people who do the day-in and day-out work of the judici-ary to make sure that all Americans have access to justice and the oppor-tunity for a fair hearing before an im-partial judge. That is one of the most important things the Federal Govern-ment provides through our judicial branch: ‘‘Equal justice under law,’’ as the words above the Supreme Court building say. 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY KIRLIN  
Madam President, I wish to recognize and sincerely thank a member of my staff, Emily Kirlin, for her decade of public service here in the Senate. Ev-erybody knows Emily in the Senate be-cause of her bubbly personality, and she is always looking to find ways to help Senators be more successful and to recognize their tremendous con-tributions to this body. Emily is originally from Crossville, TN, and we will not hold that against her. She is not a Texan, but many peo-ple from Tennessee eventually came to Texas, as I tell a couple of my Ten-nessee colleagues, most of them one step ahead of a great spouse or one step ahead of the law. Those are the Ten-nesseans who made their way to Texas at the time of our founding. Things have gotten better, by the way, but that is sort of an inside joke between Tennesseans and Texans. Emily has been director of Member services in my whip office and is the longest serving member of our oper-ation. Before working in her current capacity, she served under my prede-cessor, Senator Jon Kyl, and before that for my colleague, Senator A
LEX-
ANDER . Everyone who has had the privilege of meeting Emily knows that she is one of a kind. Her smile lights up rooms, and her personality is contagious. Ev-eryone loves being around her. But she also works incredibly hard. Some nights she is here until 1 in the morn-ing and goes home and works even harder alongside her husband Michael. Together, they have two small chil-dren, Brock and Madge, who, I am sure, require a lot of love and attention. So we are sad to see Emily go, but we wish her nothing but the best and want to express our sincere gratitude for her service to the Senate. We know her fu-ture will be bright in whatever path she decides to take. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. WORK OF THE SENATE  
Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I be-lieve every campaign for elective office in this great Nation is essentially a months-long job interview with the voters or, perhaps more accurately, it is thousands and thousands of indi-vidual interviews. Like any employer, the voters have expectations for us once we have been hired to do this job. I will never forget I work for the peo-ple of Michigan, and I feel very fortu-nate to have earned the opportunity to serve them. When I ran for the U.S. Senate, I told Michiganders I would be a pragmatic problem-solver and stand by that promise each and every day. We were all sent here to be problem- solvers, especially the hard problems. Making the effort to participate in our democracy is fundamentally opti-mistic. Voters want us to make their lives and our Nation better. Every Sen-ator elected to this body carries the hopes, the dreams, and the expecta-tions of the people who live in their State. While we should never lose sight of our Nation’s hopes and dreams, today I wish to focus on expectations. Ameri-cans expect us to work together. They expect us to talk to each other. They expect us to negotiate and find com-mon ground where we disagree. They expect us to help our fellow Americans after disasters. They expect us to re-spond to crises like the opioid epidemic and dangerously underfunded pensions that jeopardize their retirement secu-rity. They expect us to keep our bor-ders secure and enact reasonable human immigration policies that keep our Nation competitive and boost eco-nomic growth, and they expect us to responsibly fund the Federal Govern-ment. None of us should be proud of the re-cent government shutdown. There is no such thing as a good government shut-down. I am nevertheless hopeful that lessons can be learned from last week-end and a better path forward can be found. I think the coming weeks and months are of vital importance to the future of the U.S. Senate as a meaning-ful, functional institution. Let’s be honest with ourselves and with the American people. In the last few years, we have not been functional. We have blown deadline after deadline. It took us almost 4 months past the funding deadline to tackle the easiest problem: reauthorizing the Children’s Health Insurance Program, a program that provides healthcare to millions of Americans children, while saving tax-payers money. As I stand here, healthcare for over 600,000 Michiganders—including over 12,000 Michigan veterans—remains at risk because we have blown through deadline after deadline to fund commu-nity health centers, a program that provides cost-effective care to millions of Americans in both rural and urban areas across our country. How is it that a nation that put the first man on the Moon still can’t put lights on for our own American citizens in Puerto Rico? We need to help fami-lies clean out their flooded homes in the gulf, support communities that have faced out-of-control wildfires and mudslides during the devastating 2017 disaster season, and ensure affordable flood insurance is available to every homeowner who needs it. Americans stand by each other in the face of tragedy. This is why Senator S
TABENOW and I fought for a year to de-liver Federal resources to Flint and continue working to make sure fami-lies are receiving the care they need and get their damaged pipes repaired. In addition to addressing all of these urgent issues, we need to keep the lights on in the Federal Government, where funding is set to expire again in just 2 weeks. While the government was shut down this past weekend, I worked with a bi-partisan group of Senators pulled to-gether by my colleagues Senator C
OL-
LINS and Senator M ANCHIN . This group is called the Common Sense Coalition, and we worked through the weekend to find a bipartisan compromise to open the Federal Government and find a path forward to tackle the complex, pressing issues before us in Congress. While the lights are back on, the real work is just beginning. In the coming weeks, we need to find a legislative so-lution to provide certainty to the Dreamers—young men and women brought to the United States as small children. They grew up as Americans, went to school here, served in our mili-tary, only speak English, and are every bit as American as you and I. They graduate from our colleges and univer-sities and provide critical talent to a growing American economy. They start their own small businesses and create jobs in our communities. They are young adults who voluntarily came out of the shadows to participate in the DACA Program and are fearful they will be ripped from their home and be deported to a country they have never visited, a country where they don’t even speak the language and will find themselves a stranger in a foreign land, which is an absolutely terrifying situa-tion. Without question, we must also pass a disaster relief package to help com-munities devastated by the hurricanes, floods, and wildfires. We must also re-authorize the Community Health Cen-ter Program that provides essential healthcare to Americans and over 600,000 Michiganders. We must do more to fight the far- reaching opioid epidemic that is hurt-ing and killing far too many of our friends, family, and neighbors. The opioid epidemic is a public health crisis that touches everyone in every State and every county. We need to deliver certainty to the hard-working Americans who spent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JA6.011 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S515 January 25, 2018 
decades earning their pensions and now see them at risk as they prepare to enter retirement, and we must follow through on our most basic of duties. We need a bipartisan deal to fund the government that takes care of the men and women who serve our country in the armed services, keeps us safe, and properly funds both our military and domestic programs. This will not be easy, but solving easy problems is not why we were sent to the Senate. I ran for the U.S. Senate to solve the tough problems facing our country, and I know my colleagues in the Common Sense Coalition ran to solve tough problems as well. We need the entire Senate and the House to start acting like one, big Common Sense Coalition. No organization or business can run their budget in 2- or 3- week increments. The Defense Department and all of our domestic agencies need certainty for budget planning just like any household or business does. We cannot let the American people down any longer by kicking the can down the road with another series of short-term budget patches. The coming weeks will be difficult, but we need to rise to the occasion and deliver on all of these re-sponsibilities. Now is the time for us to step up our game. The American people expect and deserve nothing less. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO JONATHAN MILLER  
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I rise to honor a member of my staff, Jona-than Miller, who has dedicated his life to serving his country and his State. Not only does Jonathan serve the people of Ohio each day on our staff, helping Ohio servicemembers and vet-erans, but he also wears the uniform himself, first as a member of the Na-tional Guard and now as a member of the Army Reserve. Earlier this month was his last day in the office for a year as his unit is deploying to fight for our country. Jonathan grew up in Macedonia, OH, and graduated from Nordonia High School and Ohio University. In 2011, while working toward his master’s de-gree, he enlisted in the National Guard. Jon told me he enlisted, in part, be-cause he was ‘‘inspired by the debate and repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell and the stories of veterans in my family,’’ like so many who join the armed serv-ices because of patriotism, family val-ues, and family precedent. He said: ‘‘The Army seemed like the place for me to help my community and my country and to experience new people, places, and ideas.’’ Jonathan went through officer can-didate school in 2013 and now serves with the 300th Chemical Company, Army Reserve, out of Morgantown, WV. He has worked in our office since 2015 and has impressed all of us with his dedication to both of his jobs. In the Senate, he handles veterans and military issues along with energy and environmental policy. He has read, lit-erally, thousands of letters from Ohio servicemembers and veterans over the years and has always worked to make sure their views and concerns have been heard and that our office has helped them whenever we have been able to. He has often called the fami-lies directly to follow up and listen to their stories. In 2016, during a meeting with the Gold Star Wives of America, Jon learned that education benefits for some spouses who had lost their loved ones in the earliest days following 9/11 would expire before they could make full use of this benefit their families had earned. He immediately brought this issue to my attention, and we worked to introduce the Military Spouses Achieving College Education for Survivors Act. We passed this bi-partisan legislation as part of a larger veterans package that will directly af-fect veterans and their families in my State, in Nebraska, and other States across the country. Jonathan has played a critical role in ensuring that our military installa-tions in my State have the support they need to perform critical national security missions—from the 180th in Toledo and the 910 in Youngstown, to Camp Ravenna, to the base in my hometown of Mansfield, to Springfield, and of course to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. He often attends visiting Ohio Honor Flight ceremonies, rep-resenting our office and supporting Ohio veterans who visit the memorials that have been built in their honor. His love for the outdoors and for Ohio has also shone through in his work on issues like protecting the Great Lakes, including the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and in preserving the Cuya-hoga Valley National Park, which is near his childhood home. I would add that Ohio is one of the lucky States east of the Mississippi in that it is one of the few States that has a national park, and it is not far from the population centers of Cleveland and Akron. Even though the Trump admin-istration tried to zero out—the way we talk about it—or dramatically cut funding for the Great Lakes Restora-tion Initiative, I and Senator P
ORTMAN , a Republican, worked together to re-store that funding. We know keeping Lake Erie clean is an ongoing challenge. Right off the city of Toledo, Lake Erie is only 30 feet deep, contrasted with Lake Superior, which is 600 feet deep, on the average. That means, whether it is Ashtabula and Cleveland in Lake County to the east or it is Toledo to the west, Lake Erie is much more vulnerable to pol-lutants than are the other Great Lakes. This is why the work Jonathan does is so important in keeping that Great Lake clean. At the end of the week, while others might look forward to a relaxing week-end with family and friends, so often, Jonathan heads out for drill with his unit. He used to drive from Washington to Illinois and, later, to West Virginia for the weekend as part of his service. Now his unit is deploying. While we will miss his expertise, his enthusiasm, and his unique perspective in this of-fice this year, we are also so grateful for his service to Ohio and to our coun-try. One final note, before his deploy-ment, last month, Jon got engaged to his partner Kevin. Jon and Kevin will join so many of Ohio’s military fami-lies who understand the unique chal-lenges of having a family member serv-ing far from home. One of the things that is so impor-tant that we as Members of the Senate must do is recognize the service of our men and women in uniform. We should also recognize the importance of the service and sacrifice of those family members who are left behind and who often live in the margins financially. On behalf of my whole office, we con-gratulate Jon and Kevin on their en-gagement. We wish Jon well on his tour overseas, and we thank him for his sacrifice and his service. CHIP AND COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS  
Madam President, Congress finally did the right thing, after having failed to do the right thing in September and October and November and December and early January, by reauthorizing the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. The bill passed out of the Senate Finance Committee with only one ‘‘no’’ vote. The Children’s Health Insurance Program has been around for 20 years, and it has always been bipartisan. There are 209,000 children in Ohio who benefit from the Children’s Health Insurance Program. These are chil-dren—sons and daughters—of parents who generally work full time but who only make $8 or $10 or $12 an hour. These families often don’t have insur-ance themselves, but the Children’s Health Insurance Program will provide insurance for those children. It is particularly aggravating to many of us that so many Members of Congress—all of us who have health in-surance provided by taxpayers—failed to continue the program, which has al-ways been bipartisan, in September, when the program expired, as well as in October and November and December. Now, as our vote the other day dem-onstrated, the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program will be around for 6 more years as we continue to make improve-ments with it. The problem is, while we provide insurance for 6 more years for these 209,000 children in Ohio and 9 mil-lion children all over the country, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JA6.012 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES516 January 25, 2018 
haven’t, in so many cases, provided the place and the environment for these parents to take their children. One big shortcoming is Congress’s re-fusal to do its job to reauthorize the community health centers, the so- called federally qualified health cen-ters. My State is home to several dozen federally qualified community health centers. They provide all kinds of healthcare services, in many cases, in-cluding pediatric, dentistry, all kinds of preventive care, all kinds of emer-gency care, and other help for so many families, particularly for low-income families, in their neighborhoods, where this can make a difference. I want to briefly share three letters to illustrate the importance of this. Stephanie Wiersma, the CEO of Lo-rain County Health & Dentistry, wrote to me 2 weeks ago before we passed the most recent continuing resolution: 
We desperately plod on, doing all the right things for our health centers and patients, yet for months we have been in limbo and, frankly, sick with fear. I worry about the impact on my staff and patients. I know the impact on recruitment of providers . . . what professional wants to chance a funding crisis to come work for a health center at this point in time? Open provider positions means less access to care, plain and simple. Access is espe-cially important now with all the flu and ill-ness going around. 
What Stephanie is saying is that when Congress doesn’t do its job—when all of us who have health insurance that is paid for by taxpayers fail to do our jobs—these community health cen-ters, which are professionally run and close to home for so many families, cannot plan for the future. They can-not recruit a physical therapist or a pe-diatric dentist or an internist or a fam-ily practice doctor. Is a professional provider, who has invested a lot of money in her education, going to want to go to a health center where Congress simply doesn’t do its job in providing funding? I think Stephanie wrote that so very well. Jared Pollick, CEO of Third Street Family Health Services in my home-town of Mansfield, wrote: 
It is nearly impossible to make sound stra-tegic decisions for our organizations without the security of our funding. We are always told both sides of the aisle love Community Health Centers. We really need them to show it with funding. 
That is exactly right. I have heard my Republican colleagues talk almost ad nauseam about how much they like the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, how much they like the commu-nity health centers, and I think they really in their guts do. But then Sen-ator M
CCONNELL and the Republican leadership let them expire on Sep-tember 30, did nothing in October, nothing in November, nothing in De-cember. They did a tax cut for the rich. We know that, but they didn’t reau-thorize, didn’t provide additional sig-nificant, predictable, sufficient funding for the community health centers or the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. A week ago, finally, we did the Children’s Health Insurance Program, but we left hanging the community health centers. The last letter is from Julie DiRossi- King, chief operating officer for the Ohio Association of Community Health Centers, which represents 512 health centers in Ohio. She said: We have hit that critical point . . . that the Community Health Center Program as we know and rely on it today will soon be on life support. There literally is no room for additional delay. 
I appreciate that Congress finally did the right thing on the Children’s Health Insurance Program. I ask Con-gress to do what is right for the com-munity health centers. It will literally save lives and will matter for so many families in my State and States all over the country. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all time be yielded back on both sides and the Sen-ate proceed to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the James nomina-tion? Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH), and the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Mr. SCHUMER. I announce that the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 89, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 24 Ex.] YEAS—89 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McConnell Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—1 
Sanders 
NOT VOTING—10 
Blumenthal Burr Casey Corker Durbin McCain McCaskill Moran Risch Toomey 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The Senator from Alaska. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ALASKA PA-CIFIC UNIVERSITY NORDIC SKI TEAM Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, every week, I have been coming to the floor, going on 2 years now, to talk about what makes my State, the great State of Alaska, such an amazing place to live—gorgeous, untouched mountains, the glaciers, the wildlife. I have live web cams in my office. For people who want to see the bears, walruses, the salmon spawning, bears scooping up these amazing fish from the choked streams, please come on by. Most of that happens during the spring, sum-mer, and fall. The winter, of course, is the longest season in Alaska. In my opinion, it is one of the best times to experience our State. For those watching on TV or in the Gallery, we want to welcome you to Alaska. Come on by. You will have the trip of a lifetime. I guarantee it. It is truly the people who make my State such a truly special place. What we try to do each week is talk about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JA6.014 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S517 January 25, 2018 
some of those people in what we have termed our ‘‘Alaskan of the Week’’ celebration, to talk about community, to talk about so many Alaskans who are helping not only their State and their community but their country, generous yet tough and competitive people who make up our Wonderful State. Many of them get very excited when the snow starts to fall. They strap on their skis and they fly through the snow. One group of Alaskans who every winter strap on their skis and train— actually train all year round and com-pete on the hundreds of miles of An-chorage’s trail system—is the Alaska Pacific University Nordic Ski Pro-gram. Hands down, it is the very best ski team in America. They are our Alaskans of the Week. Let me tell you a little bit about the APU Nordic Ski Program. Led by Coach Erik Flora, Alaska’s APU Nordic Ski team year after year produces some of our Nation’s finest athletes, who compete in races all across the world, including the upcoming Winter Olympics in Korea. As I mentioned, year after year, APU athletes are sim-ply the best cross-country skiers in the Nation. Their depth of talent was put on display earlier this month at the U.S. Cross Country Championships in Anchorage, where they took 11 out of the 24 podium spots in the senior races and 8 out of the 24 junior podium spots. Think about that. One team dominated the U.S. Cross Country Championships this year. They train year-round. In the sum-mer, the ski team trains on Eagle Gla-cier, accessible by a 10-minute heli-copter ride from Girdwood, AK. As the Anchorage Daily News put it, this unique training area has ‘‘been a springboard to APU’s international and domestic success [and dominance]. Flora and his staff have groomed serpentined, undulating trails there that mimic [international] courses’’ on a glacier in Alaska in the summer. That is great training. It is year-round. In addition to training and coaching these world-class athletes, the APU Nordic Ski Center also has a popular junior program, which helps develop the next generation of Olympic skiers. I have had the honor to get to know some of these skiers, these wonderful athletes, over the past few years. They certainly would make Alaskans proud, but I think they would make all Amer-icans proud. They are great young men and women who are dedicated, dis-ciplined, humble, hard-working, and very smart. They are students; they are very, very good students. I even had the opportunity to go and train with them occasionally. I am more of a downhill skier than a cross-country skier. I went with them in the fall, when there wasn’t any snow on the ground, to do some mountain interval training, running with them up and down the mountains. To witness and train with these world-class athletes was an amazing experience. I must admit, it was a difficult experience for me. I think I was smoked after about 10 minutes with them, and they had about a 2-hour workout session on the moun-tain. It gave me a sense of how hard they work and what dedicated, world- class athletes we have in my home-town. Next month, several of these APU skiers will travel to Korea to represent the United States of America at the Winter Olympics, the way they have in previous Olympics. They are top skiers for America. Let me name a few. First and I would say foremost, Kikkan Randall, America’s most deco-rated cross-country skier in U.S. his-tory and an Alaskan icon—she will par-ticipate in her fifth Winter Olympics. Let me say that again. She will partici-pate in her fifth Winter Olympics. That is an incredible record for any Amer-ican athlete, winter or summer games. She is also a wonderful person. She is very, very community-oriented. Along-side her will be APU teammates Sadie and Erik Bjornsen—they are brother and sister—Rosie Brennan, and maybe, hopefully, even a few more. Addition-ally, their APU teammate Jess Yeaton, who was born in Australia but grew up in Alaska, will ski for the Australian cross-country ski team. You are get-ting the picture. This is a group of peo-ple who are going to do very, very well in the Olympics and are going to rep-resent our country and other countries proudly. Cross-country skiing is woven into the fabric of Alaska’s winter commu-nity. It brings people together, and it helps build community. So many of our skiers, including and especially the APU team, are also generous and kind in helping others learn how to ski and graciously host skiers from all across the country, as was on full display dur-ing the recent U.S. Cross Country Championships. On behalf of all Alaskans—really, on behalf of all U.S. Senators—I wish the team good luck in Korea. We will be watching. I know you will make Alas-kans and our fellow Americans very proud as you compete on the world stage once again. Once again, thanks for all you do. Thanks for your tremen-dous hard work and dedication. And to the APU Nordic ski team, thanks again for being our Alaskans of the Week. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The remarks of Mr. H
ATCH per-taining to the introduction of S. 2344 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) CONFIRMATION OF SAM BROWNBACK Mr. HATCH. Now, Mr. President, turning to another subject, I would like to speak for a few minutes on Sam Brownback’s recent confirmation as Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom. I’ve known Gov-ernor Brownback for many years, and I am confident he will serve our Nation well in advancing and defending reli-gious freedom across the world. Throughout my Senate service, it has been my privilege to defend religious freedom. In 1990, for example, I served as one of the principal authors of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, or RFRA, a crucially important piece of legislation that prohibits the govern-ment from substantially burdening a person’s exercise of religion unless doing so is necessary to further a com-pelling government interest. The bill passed the Senate 97 to 3 and passed the House without recorded op-position. This remarkable, broad sup-port demonstrated that religious lib-erty is a rare issue that unites Ameri-cans of all stripes. That unity of purpose extends to our commitment to protect this funda-mental right abroad. In 1948, the Unites States was one of the original signers of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which proclaims that every person has the right to freedom of reli-gion. Fifty years later, Congress unani-mously passed the International Reli-gious Freedom Act. I was proud to sup-port this act, which declares religious freedom to be a universal human right, a pillar of our Nation, and a funda-mental freedom. The law established the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom and created the po-sition of Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, the position to which Governor Brownback was just confirmed. As evidenced by his work here in the Senate, Governor Brownback truly un-derstands the need for leaders who will stand up for religious liberty and en-sure that all people—no matter where they live—are able to worship how, where, or what they may. During his 14 years in this body, Gov-ernor Brownback was involved in a wide range of issues related to religious freedom. Governor Brownback knows firsthand how crucial the Commission is in keeping our Nation and world leaders informed about the status of re-ligious freedom throughout the world. It seems unfathomable in this day and age, but thousands and even hun-dreds of thousands of our brothers and sisters throughout the world are being imprisoned, tortured, and even exe-cuted for their personal convictions. In recent remarks, Secretary of State Tillerson discussed the prevalence of religious persecution and intolerance. He noted that almost 80 percent of the global population lives with restric-tions on their freedom of religion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JA6.019 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES518 January 25, 2018 
As a nation, we must act to protect this most fundamental, inalienable right for all people. At his recent confirmation hearing, Governor Brownback pledged to ‘‘stand for liberty and stand with the per-secuted [and] to promote respect for re-ligious freedom by all governments and peoples.’’ I believe he will fulfill this pledge, and I thank him for his willing-ness to serve our country as Ambas-sador at Large for International Reli-gious Freedom. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nomina-tion: Executive Calendar No. 474. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Jonathan H. Pittman, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Is there further debate? If not, the question is, Will the Sen-ate advise and consent to the Pittman nomination? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. SCHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the confirmation vote on the nomination of R.D. James to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army. On vote No. 24, had I been present, I would have voted yea on confirmation of the James nomination.∑ (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 24 on January 25, 2018, on the confirma-tion of Executive Calendar No. 552, R.D. James to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Army, Army Corps of En-gineers. Had I been present, I would have voted yea.∑ 
f 
10TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE YEL-LOW RIBBON REINTEGRATION PROGRAM Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 10th anni-versary of the establishment of the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program. The National Defense Authorization Act of 2008 established the Department of Defense Yellow Ribbon Reintegra-tion Program to assist National Guard and Reserve servicemembers as they transition between their civilian and military roles and back again. The pro-gram ensures the readiness of Reserve Component members, their families, and communities before, during, and after deployment. National Guard and Reserve service-members are the backbone of our Na-tion’s military, comprising nearly half of our total force. We have relied on them to support combat missions abroad, and we will continue to rely on them. Nearly 1 million guardsmen and reservists have deployed since Sep-tember 11, 2001, with nearly 35,000 cur-rently mobilized. Not only do National Guard and Re-serve servicemembers support combat operations, security, and humanitarian missions around the world, they also ensure our safety when unforeseen dis-asters and emergencies occur. Just this past year, Reserve Component mem-bers have responded to Hurricanes Har-vey, Irma, and Maria, providing relief and emergency services to hundreds of thousands of Americans. Through their compassion, professionalism, and cour-age, they protect our way of life, not just abroad, but also here at home. In establishing the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program, Congress rec-ognized that National Guard and Re-serve servicemembers face challenges throughout the deployment cycle that are uniquely different than those con-fronting their Active-Duty counter-parts. Most notably, Reserve Compo-nent members often live far from mili-tary installations and other members of their units, decreasing their oppor-tunities for support during each stage of deployment. The Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program bridges this gap by con-necting National Guard and Reserve servicemembers and their families with resources where they live and provides a support network to aide their unique challenges. Through the program, Re-serve Component members and their families gain access to relevant infor-mation and resources, including family and marriage counseling, financial planning and education, small business planning, legal benefits, healthcare in-formation, employment training oppor-tunities, and veterans benefits edu-cation. I had the distinct pleasure of working with Congressman John Kline and Sen-ators Norm Coleman, Saxby Chambliss, and JOHNNY ISAKSON in introducing the legislation that created the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program in 2008. I am pleased to say the Minnesota Na-tional Guard’s program, Beyond the Yellow Ribbon, sought to improve how Minnesota’s servicemembers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan experienced reintegration and became the model for the national program we are recog-nizing today. Since its launch, the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program’s pre, during, and postdeployment events have sup-ported more than 1.5 million service-members and their families. These 10 years have demonstrated the necessity of the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program’s mission in maintaining the readiness of National Guard and Re-serve servicemembers, their families, and their communities. I am sure the entire Senate will join with me in congratulating the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program on the successes that have brought it to its 10th anniversary and supporting its continued success moving forward. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DANIELLE HIGHLEY AND JAXON AGEE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing two of Montana’s 24,000 children who benefit from the Children’s Health In-surance Program, better known as CHIP. Jaxon Agee of Helena was diag-nosed with Leigh syndrome as a baby. Access to a pediatrician is absolutely critical for Jaxon. Despite having a team of medical professionals who work to ensure he remains healthy, he has had to be flown from Helena to Community Medical Center’s pediatric intensive care unit in Missoula several times. Jaxon’s family is committed to caring for their son no matter what, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JA6.002 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S519 January 25, 2018 
but CHIP helps them manage Jaxon’s condition and makes well-baby checks more affordable, ultimately lowering the odds of another emergency visit. Danielle Highley of Deer Lodge is an-other Montana kid who relies on CHIP funding. At just 18 months of age, Danielle lost the ability to walk. A form of juvenile arthritis proved to be a costly condition, as injections and in-fusions cost several thousand dollars, but when Danielle has consistent treat-ment, she can walk, run, and play like a kid again. Before being enrolled in CHIP, Danielle went without treat-ment for 3 months, and she again lost the ability to walk. CHIP has allowed Danielle the opportunity to get treat-ment and be a kid again. She is back in school, and when she grows up, of all things, she hopes to be a doctor for kids. I am also pleased to announce that she will be joining me as my guest at the State of the Union. Jaxon and Danielle, thank you for sharing your stories. I am so glad that Congress has passed, and the President has signed into law a 6-year reauthor-ization of the program, the longest in its history. Now, the families of the 24,000 Montana children who depend on CHIP can rest assured their children will continue to have access to critical care.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ERIN COSKY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask to have printed in the R
ECORD an article that was published in yesterday’s Pen-sacola News Journal, ‘‘Meet the Santa Rosa Teacher of the Year.’’ I commend Ms. Erin Cosky for her dedication to Florida’s students, and wish her well in the State’s Teacher of the Year selec-tion process. The material follows: 
[From the Pensacola News Journal USA Today Network, Jan. 24, 2018] M
EET THE SANTA ROSATEACHER OF THE YEAR F
LORIDA .—Gulf Breeze High School science teacher Erin Cosky has been selected as the Santa Rosa County School District’s Teach-er of the Year. The news was announced during a surprise visit to Cosky’s classroom Wednesday morn-ing. Cosky teaches earth and space science and advanced placement environmental science at the school. She is Santa Rosa’s nominee for the Florida Department of Education’s Teacher of the Year 2019. The Florida Teacher of the Year will be se-lected in May and will serve as Florida’s nominee for National Teacher of the Year, which will be announced in January 2019. Cosky, other nominees for the award and all Santa Rosa County educators will be hon-ored at Santa Rosa’s Golden Apple Celebra-tion on March 2.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO SAMANTHA NEFF, LEESA LAVENDER, AND JULIE D
ELRUSSO ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask to have printed in the R
ECORD an article that was published in the Orlando Sen-tinel, ‘‘Seminole Announces Three Teacher-of-the-Year Finalists.’’ I com-mend Ms. Samantha Neff, Ms. Leesa Lavender, and Ms. Julie DelRusso for their dedication to Florida’s students and wish them well in the State’s Teacher of the Year Selection process. The material follows: [From the Orlando Sentinel, Jan. 24, 2018] S
EMINOLE ANNOUNCES THREE TEACHER -OF- 
THE-YEARFINALISTS  (By Leslie Postal) A math coach, a civics teacher and a high school instructor who works with students with disabilities were tapped Wednesday as finalists for Seminole County’s teacher-of- the-year honors. The winner will be announced March 15 and will then be in the running for Florida’s top teacher award. Seminole’s three finalists are: Samantha Neff, a math coach at Idyllwilde Elementary School, who has been an elemen-tary school teacher in the district for 17 years and also teaches at the University of Central Florida. Leesa Lavender, a seventh-grade civics teacher at Markham Woods Middle School, who has taught middle school social studies since 2007. Julie DelRusso, who works with 9th-to- 12th-grade students through the district’s Exceptional Student Support Services De-partment. She’s been a teacher with the dis-trict for 25 years. The district will announce the winner at the teacher-of-the-year ceremony at the Hil-ton Orlando/Altamonte Springs. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO COLTON MEEHAN ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Colton Meehan, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Colton is a graduate of the Univer-sity of California, Santa Cruz, having earned a degree in politics. He is a dedicated worker who has been com-mitted to getting the most out of his experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Colton Meehan for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting nominations which were referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. (The message received today is print-ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: EC–4132. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical Amendments to Rules of Registration and Review of Exchange Disciplinary, Access De-nial or Other Adverse Actions’’ (RIN3038– AE15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 23, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4133. A communication from the Man-agement Analyst, Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘United States Standards for Barley’’ (7 CFR Part 800 and 810) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 23, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4134. A communication from the White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a vacancy in the position of Assistant Sec-retary, Office of Special Education and Re-habilitative Services, Department of Edu-cation, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 23, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4135. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–230, ‘‘Health Literacy Council Establishment Act of 2017’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4136. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2018’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE for Mr. McCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Scott D. Berrier, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Brig. Gen. Charles L. Plummer, to be Major General. Air Force nomination of Col. Sharon R. Bannister, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Jeffery A. Rockwell, to be Lieutenant General. Army nominations beginning with Col. An-thony R. Hale and ending with Col. Garrick M. Harmon, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 11, 2017. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Eric J. Wes-ley, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Theodore D. Martin, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Col. Susie S. Kuilan, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Leslie C. Smith, to be Lieutenant General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Johnny R. Wolfe, Jr., to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Capt. John C. Ring, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Scott D. Conn, to be Rear Admiral . 
Mr. INHOFE for Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JA6.018 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES520 January 25, 2018 
Services I report favorably the fol-lowing nomination lists which were printed in the RECORDS on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nomina-tions lie at the Secretary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Sarah E. Abel and ending with Michelle E. Wyche, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 14, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Brett L. Hedgepeth and ending with Ryan M. Yi, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 11, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Jo-anna K. Kowalik and ending with Mahasin M. Hangalay, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 11, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Trish M. Arno and ending with Christopher N. White, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 8, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Jin Hwa Lee Frazier and ending with Jack David Spencer, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Corey L. Anderson and ending with Robert K. Talton, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Air Force nomination of Michael C. Maine, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Me-lissa A. Day and ending with Roberta J. Stemem, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Matthew M. Bird and ending with Paul Kelley Stroud, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 18, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Holly L. Brewer and ending with Mario Tommasi, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with John G. Andrade and ending with Lawrence P. Wood, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Air Force nomination of Joshua M. Kovich, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with David M. Dersch, Jr. and ending with Pat-rick J. Travers, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 18, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Lance J. Kim and ending with Sonia W. S. Taoyi, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Air Force nomination of David L. Wells II, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Aleksandr Gutman, to be Major. Army nomination of Robert L. Ozburn, to be Major. Army nomination of Jocelyn A. Leventhal, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Alyssa S. Adams and ending with Bradley O. Wood, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 18, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Ken-neth S. Katrosh and ending with Dolly R. Livingston, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 18, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Joseph Kloiber and ending with Paul Navas III, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 18, 2018. Army nomination of Erick C. Crews, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Michael C. Bradwick and ending with Douglas S. Yoon, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Zachary T. Busenbark and ending with Jaime A. Sanjuan Rubio, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 18, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Gabby V. Canceran and ending with John P. Cross, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 18, 2018. Army nomination of Adam T. Soto, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Philip J. Dacunto, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Lyle A. Ourada, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Sherry M. Kwon, to be Major. Marine Corps nomination of Christopher N. Earley, to be Major. Marine Corps nominations beginning with William Doctor, Jr. and ending with Scott E. Vasquez, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Paulo T. Alves and ending with Patrick J. Toal, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Marine Corps nomination of Henry W. Soukup, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of William W. Inns III, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of Craig A. El-liott, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Bill W. Brooks, Jr. and ending with Kyle L. Hollis, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Edward J. Abma and ending with Joseph A. Zimmermann, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 18, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Justin R. Anderson and ending with Michael D. Wilcox, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Marine Corps nomination of Steven P. Hulse, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Navy nominations beginning with Paul F. Magoulick and ending with Li Sung, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on No-vember 14, 2017. Navy nomination of Nicholas H. Steging, Jr., to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Jonathan S. Durham, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Laura C. Gilstrap and ending with Diana Tranyu, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 11, 2017. Navy nomination of Todd D. Husty, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Dawn M. Stankus, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Paul I. Ahn, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Allen G. Gunn, to be Lieutenant Commander. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. TESTER: S. 2338. A bill to amend chapter 55 of title 5, United States Code, to reform the manner in which Border Patrol agents are com-pensated; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. PAUL: S. 2339. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for automatic con-tinuing resolutions; to the Committee on Ap-propriations. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 2340. A bill to establish the Federal Labor-Management Partnership Council; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. 2341. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the processing of veterans benefits by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, to limit the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recover overpayments made by the Department and other amounts owed by veterans to the United States, to improve the due process accorded veterans with respect to such re-covery, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG: S. 2342. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to create an innovation zone initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 2343. A bill to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to establish a task force for meeting the connectivity and tech-nology needs of precision agriculture in the United States; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ): S. 2344. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to authorize additional visas for well-educated aliens to live and work in the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. H ELLER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. P
ORTMAN , and Mr. H ATCH ): S. 2345. A bill to amend the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to provide additional resources to State and local pros-ecutors, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2346. A bill to establish an innovative water infrastructure workforce development program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 2347. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to expand the ability to use testing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JA6.008 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S521 January 25, 2018 
the waters and confidential draft registra-tion submissions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. HATCH: S. 2348. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to ensure reliable air service to American Samoa; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B URR, Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. Y OUNG , and Mr. G
RAHAM ): S. Res. 381. A resolution designating the week of January 21 through January 27, 2018, as ‘‘National School Choice Week’’ ; consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. C ASEY ): S. Res. 382. A resolution supporting the contributions of Catholic schools; considered and agreed to. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. K ING, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. Res. 383. A resolution expressing support for the designation of a ‘‘Women’s Health Research Day’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 518 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 518, a bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to provide for technical assistance for small treatment works. 
S. 545 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 545, a bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organiza-tions, or to refrain from such activi-ties. 
S. 786 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 786, a bill to establish a grant program relating to the preven-tion of student and student athlete opioid misuse. 
S. 1361 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1361, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pul-monary rehabilitation programs. S. 1719 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1719, a bill to eliminate duties on imports of recreational performance outerwear, to establish the Sustainable Textile and Apparel Research Fund, and for other purposes. 
S. 1922 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1922, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain- capable unborn children, and for other purposes. 
S. 2008 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2008, a bill to combat the opioid epidemic and drug sample back-logs. 
S. 2065 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2065, a bill to establish a dem-onstration program to provide inte-grated care for Medicare beneficiaries with end-stage renal disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 2121 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2121, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require report-ing of certain data by providers and suppliers of air ambulance services for purposes of reforming reimbursements for such services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2174 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2174, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to con-duct a study on the Veterans Crisis Line. 
S. 2311 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2311, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain- capable unborn children, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 376 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 376, a resolution urging the Governments of Burma and Ban-gladesh to ensure the safe, dignified, voluntary, and sustainable return of the Rohingya refugees who have been displaced by the campaign of ethnic cleansing conducted by the Burmese military. S. RES. 377 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 377, a resolution recognizing the importance of paying tribute to those individuals who have faithfully served and retired from the Armed Forces of the United States, designating April 18, 2018, as ‘‘Military Retiree Appreciation Day’’, and encouraging the people of the United States to honor the past and continued service of military retirees to their local communities and the United States. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ): S. 2344. A bill to amend the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to authorize additional visas for well-educated aliens to live and work in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the pressing need to reform our high-skilled immigration system. This is an issue I’ve cham-pioned for a number of years and one that becomes only more urgent with each passing season. It is also an issue that I believe ties in directly with the recent discussions we have been having about merit-based immigration. As I said on the floor last week, high-skilled immigration is merit-based immigration. It is immi-gration targeted at the best, the brightest, and the most highly edu-cated. It is immigration targeted at in-dividuals who have the skills employ-ers need. If we want to have a discus-sion about individuals who will add value to our economy, who will bring critical skills to the table, and who will help keep our country competi-tive, high-skilled immigration is what we should be talking about. For years, we have had a system for bringing high-skilled workers from other countries to the United States to fill jobs for which there is a shortage of American labor. This system does not replace American jobs. Rather, it sup-plements our workforce with talent from other countries in industries where there are simply not enough qualified American workers to meet demand. But the system is badly out of date. To begin with, it caps the number of high-skilled worker visas—also called H–1B visas—that employers can obtain each year at a number that is far below demand. This year, just like last year and the year before, USCIS reached the annual cap on H–1B visas within the first week that visa petitions could be submitted. In fact, during that single week, USCIS received over twice as many visa petitions as there were available visas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JA6.013 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES522 January 25, 2018 
Our laws also lack a straightforward path for companies to hire American- educated students from other countries on a permanent basis after graduation. We educate some of the world’s best and brightest here in America and then send them back home because they can’t get permanent work in the United States. That makes no sense. In fact, it is just plain stupid. There is also a significant backlog for skilled professionals and advanced degree holders who want to come to the United States on green cards. These are the very individuals we should be encouraging to come to our country—individuals who have the technical skills our science and tech-nology companies need and who will earn good salaries and contribute meaningfully to our economy—and yet we respire them to wait years and years to obtain a green card. Again, you want to talk about merit-based im-migration? These are the folks we should be welcoming to our country with enthusiasm. Instead, we throw up barrier after barrier until many simply give up. At the same time, a handful of com-panies have found ways to game the H– 1B system to displace American em-ployees with lower paid foreign work-ers. We have all seen the news stories: American workers told they are being replaced with foreign personnel and that if they want to receive a sever-ance package or a positive employer reference, they better train their re-placements. These stories disgust me as they should disgust all Americans. Under no circumstances should an em-ployer be able to use a program that was designed to mitigate workforce shortages to put hardworking Ameri-cans out of a job. That was never the intent of the H–1B program, and it must not be allowed to continue. There are also other problems with the H–1B program that we need to fix. Too often, large employers crowd out small businesses by submitting far more visa petitions than they actually need. This practice can lead to wasted visas and puts small employers at a significant disadvantage in the H–1B lottery. Another problem concerns H–1B workers who wish to transition to green card status. Because of the sig-nificant backlog in employment-based green cards, high-skilled workers who wish to come to the United States on a permanent basis often start out on H– 1B visas, and because of quirks in our immigration laws, these workers must stay with their original sponsoring em-ployers until green cards become avail-able, which may take 10 years or longer. During this time, the employee may be forced to accept below-market wages or suboptimal working condi-tions just to stay in the green card queue. If the employee were to take a higher paying, or better, job at another company, the employee would lose his or her place in the green card line. This creates a power imbalance between H– 1B workers and employers that leads to a whole host of issues. So there are a number of problems we need to address with our high-skilled immigration system. That’s why today I am introducing my Immigration Innovation Act, or I- Squared, to bring our high-skilled im-migration system into the 21st cen-tury. This critical legislation contains reforms that will end abuse, provide a clearer path for individuals educated in the United States to stay in the United States, and enable employers more eas-ily to hire the talent they need. I would like to thank my good friend from Arizona, Senator F
LAKE , for co-sponsoring I-Squared. Senator F
LAKE  and I have worked together for a long time on this issue, and I am grateful for his leadership. Many of my colleagues are familiar will I-Squared. I have introduced pre-vious versions in the last two Con-gresses. The version I am introducing today, however, has a number of impor-tant changes. In many ways, it is a dif-ferent bill. Allow me to highlight some of the changes. Like previous versions, my updated I- Squared bill raises the annual H–1B cap to better meet market demand. In fact, it ties the cap to market demand so that the cap increases and decreases as demand increases and decreases. It also enables H–1B workers to change jobs without losing their H–1B status and allows foreign students attending American universities to declare an in-tent to stay in the United States fol-lowing graduation so they can more easily secure full-time employment. Lastly, the bill authorizes the recap-ture of unused green cards from pre-vious years and eliminates per-country green card caps, which unfairly dis-criminate against individuals from countries with larger numbers of appli-cants. Here is what is new to I-Squared this Congress. First, and most importantly, the bill creates an express prohibition on hir-ing an H–1B worker with the purpose and intent to replace an American worker. That was never the intent of the H–1B program and must not be al-lowed to happen. Second, the bill creates an express prohibition on conditioning an employ-ee’s pay or severance on training an H– 1B replacement. Third, the bill raises the level-1 wage employers must pay to prevent em-ployers from using H–1B workers to un-dercut labor costs. Fourth, the bill updates the 1998 law that exempts H–1B employers from cer-tain recruitment and non-displacement requirements if the employer pays its H–1B employees a high enough salary. Specifically, the bill raises the salary threshold to match inflation and elimi-nates the exemption altogether for par-ticularly heavy users of H–1Bs. Fifth, the bill imposes penalties on employers who file more H–1B petitions than they need to prevent large, cash- rich employers from freezing out small businesses. All of these provisions will work to tamp down on the abuses we have seen in the H–1B system. My updated I-Squared bill will also end the problem of H–1B workers who are on the path to a green card from being locked into their current jobs by enabling such workers to change jobs earlier in the process without losing their places in the green card line, and it creates a new, streamlined green card process for high-skilled workers who wish to come to the United States on a permanent basis to obtain condi-tional residency without having to use the cumbersome H–1B system. Many of the problems with our cur-rent H–1B program stem from the fact that workers seeking temporary em-ployment and workers seeking long- term employment are funneled into the same system. My updated I-Squared bill will help separate these two em-ployment streams in ways that will benefit both employers and employees. Finally, my updated I-Squared bill will provide nearly $1 billion in new funding for STEM education and work-er training programs without raising a single cent in taxes. It does this by in-creasing fees for H–1B petitions and green cards and directing the new fund-ing to State block grants for STEM training. In many ways, this last piece is the most important provision of I-Squared. The STEM disciplines—science, tech-nology, engineering, and math—are going to be critical to our country’s success in the coming decades. In-creased funding for STEM education and worker training programs will help ensure that we have the workforce we need to succeed in the global economy. It will help produce more graduates with the computer science and engi-neering skills high-tech employers re-quire. It will enable workers displaced by globalization and the changing economy to acquire new, in-demand skills so they can restart their careers, and if we’re successful, increased STEM funding may even reduce the de-mand for H–1B and other skilled visas in the first place because it will better align our workforce with employer needs. I-Squared is supported by a broad co-alition of tech commies, trade associa-tions, and other job creators. I ask unanimous consent at this time to be printed in the R
ECORD a number of let-ters in support of the bill, including letters from the Information Tech-nology Industry Council and the Semi-conductor Industry Association. Other key stakeholders who will be issuing statements of support include Micro-soft, Facebook, the Internet Associa-tion, and the Software Alliance. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JA6.009 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S523 January 25, 2018 
ITI, Washington, DC, January 22, 2018. Re Immigration Innovation Act of 2018. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR HATCH : On behalf of the 60 members of the Information Technology In-dustry Council (ITI), I write to express our strong support for your legislation, the Im-migration Innovation (I-Squared) Act of 2018. ITI is the voice of the high-tech community, advocating for policies that advance U.S. leadership in technology and innovation, open access to new and emerging markets, protect and enhance consumer choice, and encourage domestic and global competition. Our membership includes companies from all verticals of the technology sector, including semiconductor, network equipment, soft-ware, digital services, hardware, mobile de-vice, and internet companies. We have long advocated for changes to our immigration system that allow employers to attract and retain the world’s best and high-ly-educated employees so that we can con-tinue to innovate and compete in a global marketplace. Our members are committed to growing the U.S. economy and creating jobs for—and protecting—American workers. In fact, in the tech sector, we are producing jobs faster than we can fill them. In 2016, there were approximately 3.3 million science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) job openings posted online. By con-trast, in that same year, U.S. universities graduated 568,000 students with STEM de-grees. To meet this job demand, it is vital we not only provide STEM education and train-ing to more American students and workers, but that we also ensure U.S.-based employers can recruit the top talent from American universities and from abroad. The United States is in dire need of a re-newed skilled immigration system and the economic benefits of such reforms could not be clearer. For example, over 230,000 addi-tional computer-related jobs would have been created for American workers if not for the 2007 and 2008 H–1B visa petition denials. Furthermore, more than half of the startup companies valued at over $1 billion in the United States were founded by at least one immigrant, many of whom initially came here on H–1B visas. On average, each of these companies now employs 760 Americans. Yet, our broken immigration system continues to stymie such talent and future innovation. ITI welcomes the introduction of the I- Squared Act of 2018. This critical legislation would upgrade our immigration system for the 21st century economy in several ways. First, it will reset the number of H–1B visas and allow their availability to adjust to meet market demands. Second, it reforms the green card system in ways that will re-duce the current backlog, and enable the most exceptional and highly-skilled foreign- born individuals to innovate, start new com-panies, and advance their professional devel-opment and success in the United States. Third, the legislation reflects our industry’s commitment to protect American workers, as well as our support for domestic STEM education and training programs. The I-Squared Act is much-need legislation that will enable skilled workers who wish to work in the United States to propel Amer-ican innovation, engender growth in our economy, and help create jobs here at home. We commend you for your diligence on this important issue and urge both the House and Senate to support this important legislation. Sincerely, D
EANC. G ARFIELD , President and CEO. SEMICONDUCTOR  I
NDUSTRY ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, January 24, 2018. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR HATCH : On behalf the Semi-conductor Industry Association (SIA), I am writing to express our strong support for the Immigration Innovation Act of 2018 (‘‘I- Squared Act’’). High-skilled immigration reform is a crit-ical priority for the U.S. semiconductor in-dustry. In order to compete globally, SIA member companies require the talent of the best and brightest scientists and engineers in the world. U.S. colleges and universities at-tract the best students to America to obtain advanced degrees in science, technology, en-gineering and mathematics (STEM). Many of these students significantly contribute to the U.S. innovation ecosystem through fed-erally and privately funded research during their graduate training. Upon graduation, these highly educated STEM graduates very often want to work in the U.S., but are too often compelled to return to their home countries where they compete with U.S. companies. This has the impact of reducing the competitiveness of U.S. companies and restricting growth of our economy. The I-Squared Act would strengthen the U.S. economy and promote innovation by making important improvements to the H– 1B and the green card programs. These nec-essary reforms will help spur innovation and create thousands of high paying manufac-turing and research jobs here in America. SIA appreciates your leadership on the I- Squared Act, and we look forward to work-ing with you to ensure its prompt enactment into law. Sincerely, J
OHNNEUFFER , President & CEO. 
COUNCIL FOR GLOBAL IMMIGRATION  
AND SOCIETY FOR HUMAN RE-
SOURCE MANAGEMENT , January 25, 2018. CFGI 
ANDSHRM A PPLAUD IMMIGRATION  I
NNOVATION ACT OF 2018 
THE I -SQUARED BILL IS THE RIGHT SOLUTION  
FOR EMPLOYERS AND THE WORKFORCE  A
LEXANDRIA , VA.—The Council for Global Immigration (CFGI) and the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) ap-plaud today’s introduction of the Immigra-tion Innovation Act of 2018 (I-Squared). The bill includes provisions to modernize the high-skilled employment-based immigration system in a way that would work for all who have a stake in immigration, including em-ployers and the workforce. The legislation, introduced by Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) and Sen. Jeff Flake (R– Ariz.), would establish a voluntary trusted employer program, among other provisions. Consistent with a CFGI proposal, a trusted employer program would make the system more efficient for employers and the govern-ment. ‘‘This legislation would ensure that em-ployers acting in good faith have access to the top global talent they need to compete, while providing additional resources to train and educate U.S. workers in high-demand STEM fields,’’ said Lynn Shotwell, executive director of CFGI. ‘‘It would also reform the H–1B program with enhanced protections for U.S. workers, an important change that CFGI supports. ‘‘We endorse the bill’s provision that would keep today’s green card system in place, but provide a more direct path to a green card when there are no able, willing or qualified U.S. workers available,’’ Shotwell continued. ‘‘This option would make it easier for profes-sionals to accept employment with new em-ployers, a key change we support. We will in-clude this legislation in Congress as part of our advocacy efforts to advance fair, innova-tive and competitive immigration reforms.’’ The members of CFGI and SHRM are work-ing to create a 21st century workplace that empowers employers and the workforce to compete and win in an increasingly competi-tive global economy. Building an immigra-tion system that is fair, innovative and com-petitive is a critical component to realizing this goal. ‘‘We applaud Senators Hatch and Flake for their commitment to invest in the future of the U.S. workforce and modernize our na-tion’s outdated employment-based immigra-tion system in a way that works for the workforce,’’ said Mike Aitken, SHRM’s vice president of government affairs. ‘‘This legislation addresses many of the se-rious challenges facing employers navigating the current maze of immigration laws and regulations, including eliminating green card backlogs and modernizing the H–1B visa system,’’ Aitken added. ‘‘These reforms are a critical component to building and sup-porting a 21st century workplace in which employers and the workforce can thrive.’’ CFGI and SHRM are eager to work on the bill as it moves forward. SIIA S AYSI-SQUARED ACTISCRITICAL FOR  U.S. E
CONOMY AND GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS  [Jan. 25, 2018] W
ASHINGTON D.C.—The Software & Infor-mation Industry Association (SIIA) today welcomed the introduction of the ‘‘Immigra-tion Innovation (I-Squared) Act of 2018,’’ by Senators Orrin Hatch (R–UT) and Jeff Flake (R–AZ). SIIA Senior Vice President for Public Pol-icy, Mark MacCarthy, issued the following statement: ‘‘The U.S. IT industry—and the American economy more broadly—has long benefited from the contributions of highly-educated workers, regardless of where they were born. The I-Squared Act will make critical reforms to the U.S. immigration laws to help U.S. companies attract and retain the best and most innovative employees from around the world. ‘‘This bill will greatly enable continued U.S. innovation, job creation, and economic expansion, while preventing abuses of the H– 1B program that could harm U.S. workers. The legislation also promotes the American education system by funding state grants to promote STEM education and training in the U.S. ‘‘SIIA thanks Senators Hatch and Flake for co-sponsoring the I-Squared Act, and we look forward to working with them and other congressional leaders to enact this critical legislation.’’ 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, there is a lot of debate about immigration right now. We all know that we need to do something about DACA. I know that as well as anyone. I have been working on a solution for the Dreamer population for a very long time, and we are going to find a solution. We also need to do something about border security and interior enforcement so we don’t end up back in the same place 20 years from now. But we can walk and chew gum at the same time, and I think talking about merit-based immigration is a good thing. It is an important prin-ciple. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JA6.025 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES524 January 25, 2018 
As we do so, we need to remember that we already have merit-based pro-grams built into our existing immigra-tion laws. The problem is those pro-grams aren’t working the way they are supposed to. They are not properly aligned with employer needs, and in their current set-up, there is too much room for waste and abuse. My I-Squared bill will fix both of those problems. It will help ensure we have the talent in our country that we need to succeed. It will also help equip the next generation of Americans to meet the demands of our increasingly tech-driven economy. I-Squared will also help put an end to the troubling abuses we have seen in the H–1B program and ensure that the program is used as it was intended—to supplement, not replace, American labor. I repeat what I said at the outset: High-skilled immigration is merit- based immigration. It is immigration targeted at the best, the brightest, and the most highly educated. As we debate how to improve our im-migration system, let us keep in mind that we already have merit-based pro-grams in our existing laws. Thinking outside the box is important, but it is also important not to overlook what is right here in front of us. My I-Squared bill will help ensure that we have a high-skilled immigra-tion system that works, that meets employer needs, that keeps America competitive, and that prepares the next generation of Americans to suc-ceed. It is commonsense legislation; It is balanced legislation; and I urge all of my colleagues to support it. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. H ELLER , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 2345. A bill to amend the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to provide additional resources to State and local prosecutors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2345 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice Served Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROSECUTION OF DNA COLD CASES. 
(a) D EBBIE SMITH DNABACKLOG GRANT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 2 of the DNA Analysis Back-log Elimination Act of 2000 (34 U.S.C. 40701) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) To increase the capacity of State and local prosecution offices to address the back-log of violent crime cases in which suspects have been identified through DNA evi-dence.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) ALLOCATION OF GRANT AWARDS FOR  
PROSECUTORS .—For each fiscal year, not less than 5 percent, but not more than 7 percent, of the grant amounts distributed under para-graph (1) shall, if sufficient applications to justify such amounts are received by the At-torney General, be awarded for purposes de-scribed in subsection (a)(9), provided that none of the funds required to be distributed under this paragraph shall decrease or other-wise limit the availability of funds required to be awarded to States or units of local gov-ernment under paragraph (3).’’. (b) P
ROSECUTION OF COLD CASES.—Of the amounts made available to the Attorney General under section 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (34 U.S.C. 40701) for a DNA Analysis and capacity en-hancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities for the purpose described in section 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (34 U.S.C. 40701) under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND  
LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ASSISTANCE ’’ under the heading ‘‘O
FFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF JUS-TICE’’ in fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022 not less than 5 percent, but not more than 7 percent, of such amounts shall be provided for grants for prosecutors to increase the ca-pacity of State and local prosecution offices to address the cold cases involving violent crime, where suspects have been identified through DNA evidence. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 381—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF JANUARY 21 THROUGH JANUARY 27, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL SCHOOL CHOICE WEEK’’ Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B URR, Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. Y OUNG , and Mr. G RAHAM ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 381 Whereas providing a diversity of choices in K–12 education empowers parents to select education environments that meet the indi-vidual needs and strengths of their children; Whereas high-quality K–12 education envi-ronments of all varieties are available in the United States, including traditional public schools, public charter schools, public mag-net schools, private schools, online acad-emies, and home schooling; Whereas talented teachers and school lead-ers in each of the education environments prepare children to achieve their dreams; Whereas more families than ever before in the United States actively choose the best education for their children; Whereas more public awareness of the issue of parental choice in education can in-form additional families of the benefits of proactively choosing challenging, moti-vating, and effective education environments for their children; Whereas the process by which parents choose schools for their children is non-political, nonpartisan, and deserves the ut-most respect; and Whereas hundreds of organizations, more than 9,000 schools, and millions of individ-uals in the United States celebrate the bene-fits of educational choice during the 8th an-nual National School Choice Week, held the week of January 21 through January 27, 2018: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of January 21 through January 27, 2018, as ‘‘National School Choice Week’’; (2) congratulates students, parents, teach-ers, and school leaders from K–12 education environments of all varieties for their per-sistence, achievements, dedication, and con-tributions to society in the United States; (3) encourages all parents, during National School Choice Week, to learn more about the education options available to them; and (4) encourages the people of the United States to hold appropriate programs, events, and activities during National School Choice Week to raise public awareness of the bene-fits of opportunity in education. f SENATE RESOLUTION 382—SUP-PORTING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF CATHOLIC SCHOOLS Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 382 Whereas Catholic schools in the United States are internationally acclaimed for their academic excellence and provide stu-dents with more than an exceptional scho-lastic education; Whereas Catholic schools instill a broad, values-added education emphasizing the life-long development of moral, intellectual, physical, and social values in young people in the United States; Whereas Catholic schools serve the Nation by providing a diverse student population from all regions of the country and all socio-economic backgrounds a strong academic and moral foundation, including 41.4 percent of students from racial and ethnic minority backgrounds and 19 percent from non-Catho-lic families; Whereas Catholic schools are an affordable option for parents, particularly in under-served urban areas; Whereas Catholic schools produce students strongly dedicated to their faith, values, families, and communities by providing an intellectually stimulating environment rich in spiritual, character, and moral develop-ment; Whereas Catholic schools are committed to community service, producing graduates who hold ‘‘helping others’’ among their core val-ues; Whereas the total Catholic school student enrollment for the 2017–2018 academic year is almost 1,900,000 and the student-teacher ratio is 12 to 1; Whereas the Catholic high school gradua-tion rate is 99 percent, with 86 percent of graduates attending 4-year colleges; Whereas in the 1972 pastoral message con-cerning Catholic education, the National Conference of Catholic Bishops stated, ‘‘Edu-cation is one of the most important ways by which the Church fulfills its commitment to the dignity of the person and building of community. Community is central to edu-cation ministry, both as a necessary condi-tion and an ardently desired goal. The edu-cational efforts of the Church, therefore, must be directed to forming persons-in-com-munity; for the education of the individual Christian is important not only to his soli-tary destiny, but also the destinies of the many communities in which he lives.’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JA6.010 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S525 January 25, 2018 
Whereas the week of January 28, 2018, to February 3, 2018, has been designated as Na-tional Catholic Schools Week by the Na-tional Catholic Educational Association and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, and January 31, 2018, has been des-ignated National Appreciation Day for Catholic Schools; Whereas the National Catholic Schools Week was first established in 1974 and has been celebrated annually for the past 44 years; Whereas while Catholic schools must work hard to maintain enrollment, the demand and enthusiasm for Catholic schools remains strong; Whereas 30 percent of Catholic schools have waiting lists for admission and new schools are opening across the country; and Whereas the theme for National Catholic Schools Week 2018 is Catholic Schools: Learn. Serve. Lead. Succeed.: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals of National Catholic Schools Week, an event cosponsored by the National Catholic Educational Association and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops and established to recognize the vital contributions of the thousands of Catholic elementary and secondary schools in the United States; (2) applauds the National Catholic Edu-cational Association and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops on their se-lection of a theme that all can celebrate; and (3) supports the continued dedication of Catholic schools, students, parents, and teachers across the United States toward academic excellence, and supports the key role they play in promoting and ensuring a brighter, stronger future for the Nation. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1920. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. B LUNT ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1873, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer spe-cialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1920. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B
LUNT ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1873, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pro-gram to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
On page 2, strike lines 15 through 18 and in-sert the following: (1) Not later than December 31, 2018, at not fewer than 25 medical centers of the Depart-ment. (2) Not later than December 31, 2019, at not fewer than 50 medical centers of the Depart-ment. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 9 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, January 25, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on pending nominations. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, January 25, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Global Challenges and the U.S. National Security Strategy.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, January 25, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘CFIUS Reform: Administration Per-spectives on the essential elements.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, January 25, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘This is Not a Drill: An Examina-tion of the Wireless Emergency Alert System.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, January 25, 2018, at 10 a.m., at the Washington Convention Center, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Road to Tomorrow: Energy Innovation in Auto-motive Technologies.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, January 25, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Reauthorizing the Higher Edu-cation Act: Access and Innovation.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, January 25, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing on the nomination of Frank T. Brogan, of Pennsylvania, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Elementary and Secondary Education, Department of Education. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, January 25, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on subcommittee assignments and the fol-lowing nominations: Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Cir-cuit, Barry W. Ashe, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, Howard C. Niel-son, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, James R. Sweeney II, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, and John C. Anderson, to be United States Attorney for the District of New Mexico, Brandon J. Fremin, to be United States Attorney for the Mid-dle District of Louisiana, and David G. Jolley, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Tennessee, all of the Department of Justice. PERMANENT SUBCOMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATIONS  
The Permanent Subcommittee on In-vestigations of the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, January 25, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Combatting the Opioid Crisis: Exploiting Vulnerabilities in the International Mail.’’ 
f 
VETERAN PARTNERS’ EFFORTS TO ENHANCE REINTEGRATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 1873 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1873) to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the Blunt amendment, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 1920) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To modify the timeline for establishment of the program) On page 2, strike lines 15 through 18 and in-sert the following: (1) Not later than December 31, 2018, at not fewer than 25 medical centers of the Depart-ment. (2) Not later than December 31, 2019, at not fewer than 50 medical centers of the Depart-ment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and the Senate proceed to vote on passage of the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JA6.017 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES526 January 25, 2018 
The bill (S. 1873), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I fi-nally ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL SCHOOL CHOICE WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 381, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 381), designating the week of January 21 through January 27, 2018, as ‘‘National School Choice Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 381) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SUPPORTING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF CATHOLIC SCHOOLS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 382, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: A bill (S. Res. 382) supporting the contribu-tions of Catholic schools. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 382) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 2 p.m., Monday, January 29; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 2311, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form; fi-nally, that notwithstanding the provi-sions of rule XXII, the cloture motions filed during Wednesday’s session ripen in the order filed at 5:30 p.m., Monday. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 2018, AT 2 P.M. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 4:01 p.m., adjourned until Monday, January 29, 2018, at 2 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION  
ROHIT CHOPRA, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSIONER FOR THE UNEXPIRED TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM SEPTEMBER 26, 2012, VICE JOSHUA D. WRIGHT, RESIGNED. NOAH JOSHUA PHILLIPS, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A FED-ERAL TRADE COMMISSIONER FOR THE TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM SEPTEMBER 26, 2016, VICE JULIE SIMONE BRILL, TERM EXPIRED. JOSEPH SIMONS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSIONER FOR THE TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM SEPTEMBER 26, 2017, VICE TERRELL MCSWEENY, TERM EXPIRED. CHRISTINE S. WILSON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSIONER FOR THE UNEXPIRED TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM SEPTEMBER 26, 2011, VICE MAUREEN K. OHLHAUSEN. CHRISTINE S. WILSON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSIONER FOR THE TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM SEPTEMBER 26, 2018. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate January 25, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
JONATHAN H. PITTMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
R. D. JAMES, OF MISSOURI, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF THE ARMY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G25JA6.024 S25JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE95 January 25, 2018 
OATH OF CITIZENSHIP 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who will take their oaths of citizenship on Friday, Feb-ruary 2, 2018. This memorable occasion will be held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On February 2, 2018, the following people, representing many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, Indiana: Patrick Joseph Fay, Monica Soledad Aguayo Paredes, Feda Izzedin Aljobeh, Olalak Khamkhosy Baccam, Henriette Uwimpuhwe Balinda, Carolina Brambila, Sandra Campos, Jazman Abigail Cruz, Felix Dorado Amaro, Maria Echeverria, Oluwole Elenitoba-Johnson, Maria Isabel Gali-cia, Omar Agustin Garcia, Martin Herrera, Naomi Juarez, Katalin Csiszar Moore, Cain Eliseo Morales Jurado, Grissel Morelos, Mung San Myi Shi, Otilia Snezana Nikolovski, Hernan Osorio, Ashok Patel, Elena Rangel, Delia Ruiz, Jorge Luis Sullon, Susan Oluwaiemisi, Aleksandar Todorovich, Hannah Tran, Pedro Vargas, and Otoniel Verdugo. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . .of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who will be-come citizens of the United States of America on February 2, 2018. They, too, are American citizens, guaranteed the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. HONORING THE LIFE OF FRANCES GRICE HON. PETE AGUILAR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today it is my distinct privilege to pay tribute to the life of Frances Grice. Frances was a beloved mem-ber of my community who committed her life to the people of the Inland Empire. Frances believed whole-heartedly that every person, regardless of skin color, religion or economic status, deserved to be treated equally, and with respect and compassion. A civil rights leader and longtime advocate for racial equality, Frances led the charge to desegregate public schools in San Bernardino, California. As a cofounder of the Community League of Mothers, Frances became a voice for the African-American community in the San Bernardino region, and used her tenacity and compassion to represent the interests of one of the area’s most under-represented popu-lations. Frances later founded Operation Second Chance, a training program to help young people in the Inland Empire gain work experi-ence and become economically independent. Her students still remember her fondly, and her dedication to those who were in need made a lasting difference in the lives of count-less young people across the Inland Empire. Sadly, Frances passed away last month. I speak on behalf of the entire Inland Empire community when I say our region is dev-astated by this loss, and that her contributions to making our community a better place to live will never be forgotten. 
f 
HONORING DR. SURIN PITSUWAN 
HON. JOSEPH P. KENNEDY III 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Dr. Surin Pitsuwan of the Kingdom of Thailand. Dr. Surin, a great friend to countless Ameri-cans in the diplomatic and Peace Corps com-munities, passed away on November 30, 2017. Dr. Surin became a household name in U.S. diplomatic circles, first as Thailand’s foreign minister and later as Secretary General of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. Throughout his life in government and aca-demia, Dr. Surin wielded his skills to influence and forge peaceful partnerships with America and the world. Dr. Surin first entered the American experi-ence as an impoverished teenager in southern Thailand as a student of David and Phyllis Johnston—his ‘‘Angels of Hope’’ as he called them—two Peace Corps volunteers who helped him receive an American Field Service scholarship to attend his senior year of high school in Minnesota. With the help of grants from the Rockefeller Foundation and the Win-ston S. Churchill Association, Dr. Surin re-ceived his bachelor’s degree from Claremont Men’s College (now Claremont McKenna Col-lege) in California and a master’s and doc-torate from Harvard University, and through a Congressional Fellowship from the Asia Foun-dation worked in the office of Representative Geraldine Ferraro. For a Muslim of Malay-descent who didn’t own a pair of shoes until the age of 11 to later become a globetrotting envoy, Dr. Surin never lost his deep sense of humility and grace and ease with communicating. Dedicated to im-proving the lives of others, he always made time during his frequent trips to his family’s hometown to meet with the poor and see how he could help them. He is survived by his wife, Alisa, and their three sons, to whom I extend my deepest thoughts and condolences. I had the pleasure of meeting with Dr. Surin in 2014 while he was in America to receive the National Peace Corps Association’s Harris Wofford Global Citizen Award. Dr. Surin ac-cepted the award on behalf of what he called ‘‘the millions of other so called ‘Peace Corps Products’ all around the world whose lives have been enriched and influenced by [Peace Corps volunteers].’’ From his ‘‘Big Break,’’ as he called it, with volunteers David and Phyllis until the day he died, Dr. Surin channeled the spirit of the Peace Corps to partner in peace, progress, and understanding. I hope that Dr. Surin’s life and work can serve as a model for all of us. f 
HONORING JOHN HARRITY, PRESI-DENT OF THE CONNECTICUT STATE COUNCIL OF MACHINISTS, ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is my great privilege to rise today to join the many family, friends, and colleagues who have gathered today to celebrate an outstanding member of Connecticut’s labor movement and my good friend, John Harrity. John, who has been a proud member of IAM since the day after he was hired as a vertical turret lathe operator at Pratt & Whitney nearly forty years ago, marks his retirement having served as President of the Connecticut State Council of Machinists since 2012. John began his union service with IAM Local 1746 where he served as a Shop Stew-ard and Senior Steward as well as editor of the Local Lodge 1746 newsletter. In 1986, he was elected Business Representative, begin-ning his service with the Connecticut State Council of Machinists, and four years later he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25JA8.001 E25JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE96 January 25, 2018 
was asked to take the position of Editor/Orga-nizer for IAM District 91 and then an organizer for IAM District 26, a position which he has continued to hold until now. From contract ne-gotiations to communications to organization efforts, John’s work has helped to secure eco-nomic and retirement security for his members and their families. As President of the Con-necticut State Council of Machinists, John has been the voice for more than 10,000 active and retired IAM members and they could not have asked for a more passionate or dedi-cated leader. John’s work for IAM members has extended far beyond his role within the union itself. He has served as director of GrowJobsCT, a pro-gram that brings together labor and state busi-ness interests on issues of common concern in order to support manufacturing and its as-sociated jobs throughout Connecticut. He has also served on a number of boards and com-missions related to jobs, including as a mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Con-necticut Green Bank and Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Connecticut Round-table on Jobs and Climate. He was a founding member of the Connecticut Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Coalition, a member of the Advisory Board of Connecticut’s Manufacturing Innova-tion Fund, and co-chair of the Workforce De-velopment Committee of the Manufacturing In-novation Fund in its Investing in Manufacturing Community Partnerships federal initiative. John also played a critical role in the develop-ment of the Advanced Manufacturing Training Center at Goodwin College where he is an ad-junct faculty member. Over the years, John and I have worked on countless issues together and I will always be grateful for his candor, friendship, and support. He has dedicated a lifetime to ensuring safe workplaces. Today, as he marks his retire-ment, I am honored to stand and extend my deepest thanks and appreciation to John Harrity for his bold leadership and outstanding contributions to IAM and Connecticut’s labor movement. I wish him, his wife, Cindy, his children and grandchildren the very best for many more years of health and happiness as they begin this new chapter. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, my vote on January 22 is the same as my vote the prior time: No. The situation is the same as it was then, except there is one week fewer to actually get something done. This legislation represents a fundamental failure on the part of Republicans to govern. This bill does next to nothing for Community Health Centers, the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, our veterans, our pension sys-tems—some of which are in a state of crisis, and the victims of natural disasters. Hundreds of thousands of people in Puerto Rico remain without power. And, most glaringly, this bill does nothing to improve the situation of two- thirds of a million Dreamers, who deserve cer-tainty and protection but whose lives Trump’s reckless actions have turned upside down. The situation continues to be outrageous, and it doesn’t have to be this way. The prior-ities I’m fighting for are broadly supported by the American public. We should be able to ad-dress them directly and quickly, but I fear that we will be in the exact same spot in three weeks. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF STEVE MIL-LER’S SERVICE TO KENTUCKY’S SECOND DISTRICT 
HON. BRETT GUTHRIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give my sincere thanks to Steve Miller of Shelby County, Kentucky, who is retiring after nine years of service as a field representative with my office. My friendship with Steve began when I was first elected to the Kentucky State Senate. Steve worked for the Senate leadership office, and I quickly learned how much everyone loved Steve. He built friendships quickly and had a deep knowledge of legislation and pol-icy, so when I was elected to serve the Sec-ond District in the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I knew I wanted Steve on my team. Steve rose up to the challenge and imme-diately developed a reputation for serving con-stituents effectively. He understood early on that service transcends ideological differences. Once, when Steve had an introductory meet-ing with a local official, he was rebuffed be-cause the official was of a different party. Steve chuckled and explained that he wasn’t there to be political—he was there to serve that community and be a resource to that offi-cial. A great relationship began in fifteen min-utes and endures still. For the past nine years, I’ve heard my con-stituents tell similar stories of appreciation for Steve. He wakes up each day thinking about who he can introduce me to as he hits the road to visit the constituents of Kentucky’s Second District. I will miss Steve, but I wish him and his wife Donna good health and good times with their family during retirement. 
f 
HONORING THE CENTENNIAL AN-NIVERSARY OF SANTA ROSA JUNIOR COLLEGE 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleague, Congressman M
IKE T
HOMPSON , in recognition of the Santa Rosa Junior College’s centennial anniversary. Serv-ing more than 1.7 million students since open-ing its doors, this public institution has grown from seven women’s vision for a local junior college into a nationally and internationally recognized leader in removing barriers to high-er education. Founded in 1918, the Santa Rosa Junior College was conceived of by members of the Federated Home and School Association of Santa Rosa, an organization of prominent women from across the City of Santa Rosa who came together around the idea of bring-ing higher education to their community. Starting with an inaugural class of 19 stu-dents, the college had eight faculty members and was located in the basement of Santa Rosa’s primary high school. Within the first seven years of operation, Santa Rosa Junior College went through great adversity: briefly closing due to a severe city-wide influenza outbreak, losing its basement location due to a fire, and operating nomadically out of sev-eral temporary spaces for four years. But out of this early turmoil came remarkable growth and resilience. By 1927, the college attained the stability it needed to succeed and grow. Operating out of a permanent campus on over 40 acres of land, the college was able to begin extending its roots throughout the community, becoming the inaugural member of the newly created Santa Rosa Junior College District. Today, Santa Rosa Junior College has grown significantly in scholastic capability and quality. Now spanning a combined total of more than 500 acres, the college district oper-ates two campuses, a public safety training center, and a nationally ranked farm labora-tory, among other facilities. The college now employs over 3,000 faculty and staff to instruct the more than 28,000 students who enroll each semester. With these sizable gains in students, facilities, and staff, the district has also expanded to serving 15 major high school campuses and 1,600 square miles, making it one of the largest college districts in the na-tion. Santa Rosa Junior College, one hundred years old, offers exceptional academic, career technical, athletic and performing arts pro-grams that have consistently garnered state, national and worldwide attention. Mr. Speaker, after a century of steady scholastic achieve-ment and operational stability, the continuing success of Santa Rosa Junior College has led to immeasurable social and economic im-provements for not only the North Bay com-munity but the nation. It is therefore appro-priate that we stand together in recognition of this momentous occasion. f 
SUPPORT CROSS-STRAIT STATUS QUO BETWEEN TAIWAN AND CHINA 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-press serious concern and opposition to the unilateral decision by the Chinese Civil Avia-tion Authority to activate four air routes in the Taiwan-Strait. The decision was made without any consultation with the government of Tai-wan, which is a clear violation of international law according to the International Civil Aviation Organization. This action by China could pose a grave threat to the cross-strait status quo between China and Taiwan. The cross-strait status quo has been essential in preventing a military crisis between the two countries that could be a threat to peace and security in East Asia. All relevant parties, including the Taiwanese Government, support the continuation of the cross-strait status quo. The Chinese Govern-ment must come to the negotiating table with Taiwan in order to return to the status quo. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JA8.001 E25JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE97 January 25, 2018 
am pleased that the State Department has come out strongly against this unlawful action by the Chinese Government and I encourage them to use their influence to bring China back to the negotiating table. The relationship between China and Taiwan should be based on dignity and respect, not one side trying to dominate the other. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ASSISTANT CHIEF JACK MULCAHY FOR 41 YEARS AT THE GLENS FALLS FIRE DE-PARTMENT 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Assistant Chief Jack Mulcahy on his retirement from the Glens Falls Fire De-partment after 41 years of service. After serving in the Army and then the Navy, Mulcahy intended to become a State Police Trooper, but instead found himself with a temporary job at the Glens Falls Fire De-partment. This summer job turned into a four- decade career of helping those in his commu-nity as a firefighter. Mulcahy served in his role of assistant chief for ten years, and before that, a lieutenant for 15 years. Not only did Mulcahy risk his own life in fires to save oth-ers, but he also enjoyed assisting citizens in their everyday problems, like rescuing pets from trees. Mulcahy considers himself lucky to have been part of the Glens Falls firefighter ‘‘extended family,’’ and looks forward to keep-ing in touch but also having more time to spend with his wife, three children, and grand-son. On behalf of New York’s 21st district, I would like to thank Assistant Chief Mulcahy for his years of hard work and dedication to his community, and wish him all the best in the years ahead. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL JOHNSON 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I was absent during roll call vote 44. I was tending to my critically ill mother. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘yes.’ 
f 
REMEMBERING ELIZABETH ‘‘LIZ’’ LEONARD 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember a valued member of the central Illinois community, Elizabeth ‘‘Liz’’ Leonard. Liz passed away on December 31, 2017 at just 64 years old, but her memory and legacy will continue to live on. Liz touched so many lives in the Springfield community where she taught in the Springfield School District 186 for more than 27 years. She was a beloved wife, mother and grand-mother. Liz was also actively involved in the Springfield Bible Church and was a ‘‘Huddle Leader’’ for the Fellowship of Christian Ath-letes for over 20 years. As so many people in the community know, the entire Leonard family was devoted to foot-ball. Liz’s husband, Ken, and son, Derek, are high school football coaches for two rival teams in Illinois. The ‘‘Leonard Bowl,’’ played between Ken’s Sacred Heart-Griffin Cyclones and Derek’s Rochester Rockets, has become one of the most uniting high school sports spectacles in the state. I can only imagine the dilemma Liz found herself in while attending these games and deciding who to root for. As someone who knows the Leonard family well, my thoughts and prayers are with them and all members of our local community as we remember the tremendous positive impact the Leonard family and Liz have had on so many of our school districts and communities. I thank Liz for shaping young minds, sup-porting young athletes and Christians, and for being a shining light in all of our communities. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. THOMAS A. GARRETT, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, let the record show that I was present for the Roll Call vote 044. Had my vote registered properly, the Roll Call would have shown my ‘‘Yea’’ vote on Roll Call No. 44. 
f 
COST ESTIMATE ON H.R. 4564, THE POST-CALIPHATE THREAT AS-SESSMENT ACT OF 2017 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, the following cost estimate H.R. 4564, the Post-Caliphate Threat Assessment Act of 2017, prepared by the Congressional Budget Office was not made available to the Committee at the time of filing of the legislative report. 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , U.S. C
ONGRESS , Washington, DC, January 18, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 4564, the Post-Caliphate Threat Assessment Act of 2017. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Mark Grabowicz. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. H.R. 4564—P
OST-CALIPHATE THREAT  A
SSESSMENT ACT OF 2017 As passed by the House of Representatives on January 9, 2018 H.R. 4564 would require the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to prepare a threat assessment related to the current ac-tivities of foreign terrorist fighters, includ-ing information on the travel patterns and countries of origin for such persons. The act would require DHS, within 180 days of enact-ment, to report to the Congress on the re-sults of the assessment. Using information from DHS, CBO estimates that implementing the act’s provisions would cost less than $500,000; such spending would be subject to the availability of appropriated funds. Enacting H.R. 4564 would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay-as-you- go procedures do not apply. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 4564 would not increase net direct spending or on- budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10–year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 4564 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Mark Grabowicz. The estimate was approved by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. f U.S. MARSHAL CLEVELAND VAUGHN, JR. 
HON. DON BACON 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate African-American History Month by posthumously honoring the federal service, accomplishments and communal contributions of U.S. Marshal Cleveland Vaughn, Jr. He was born on a farm in Earle, Arkansas, skipped a grade in country school and grad-uated from high school at age 16. He went to college at what is now known as the Univer-sity of Arkansas at Pine Bluff and graduated with a degree in agriculture education. As a young boy, he dreamed of becoming a game warden. He began his federal career as a special agent with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in 1967, when he was accepted into a federal law enforcement training program. Mr. Vaughn wrote of the experience in an essay for the Omaha World Herald stating ‘‘I was the first black. At the time, I didn’t realize what that meant, that it was a tremendous breakthrough. To me, it was a job. Period.’’ It is a job he held for half of a 28-year career with the U.S. Department of the Interior. In 1993, Cleveland was the first African-American appointed to be the U.S. Marshal for the State of Nebraska. The U.S. Marshals Service describes the members of its ranks thusly, ‘‘hometown-men and women familiar with local feelings about national issues. They are people comfortable within their own neighborhoods.’’ This is a par-ticularly apt description of Mr. Vaughn accord-ing to his friends, family and colleagues. Quoting Shirley Vaughn, his wife of nearly 49 years, ‘‘He loved people. He loved his church. He loved to help.’’ Cleveland Vaughn was active in his church, Zion Baptist, serving as a trustee. He was a mentor and a confidant for the young and old. Cleveland shared his love of the outdoors and nature with all. He utilized his passion to help coordinate an annual wild game feed at Zion Baptist church, which emphasized fellowship between young men and positive role models. The Douglas County Attorney described Mr. Vaughn as a ‘‘public servant whose public service didn’t stop.’’ He was known for his generosity, openness and selflessness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JA8.005 E25JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE98 January 25, 2018 
In addition to his wife, Shirley, and other rel-atives, Vaughn is survived by son Derek Vaughn, and daughters Monica Watson and Janae Vaughn of Omaha. As we prepare to celebrate Black History month, we recognize the immense contribu-tions African-Americans have made to this country. Trailblazers and public servants like Cleveland Vaughn, Jr. deserve our gratitude and thanks. 
f 
HONORING SENATOR SLADE GORTON 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 90th birthday of former Senator Slade Gorton. Senator Gorton has had an overwhelming impact on Washington state and has touched the lives of countless individuals. Senator Gorton graduated from Dartmouth College in 1950, and Columbia University Law School in 1953. He served in the United States Army, United States Air Force, and United States Air Force Reserve. In 1959, he was elected to the Washington State House of Representatives and was elected majority leader in 1967. In 1969, he was appointed Washington state Attorney General. During his time as attorney general, he argued 14 cases before the United States Supreme Court. In 1980, he was elected to the United States Senate, a position he held for 18 years. During his time in the Senate, he was ap-pointed to several powerful committee posi-tions including Appropriations; Budget; Com-merce, Science, and Transportation; and En-ergy and Natural Resources. He also proudly served as counsel to the majority leader. Among the legislation he championed was S. 1488, Cardiac Arrest Survival Act of 1999. This legislation established programs to facili-tate the placement of automatic external defibrillators in federal buildings. S. 1488 also protects individuals who voluntarily acquire or use automatic external defibrillators to help save victims of cardiac arrest. Additionally, he sponsored S. 837, Washington State Wilder-ness Act of 1984, which, designated almost two dozen national forest lands in Washington state as components of the National Wilder-ness Preservation System. After he retired from the Senate, Senator Gorton served on the 9/11 Commission, argu-ably one of the most important commissions in American history. This commission produced the 9/11 Commission report, which analyzed the events surrounding the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001. In order to educate the next generation of policy experts, Senator Gorton helped estab-lish the Slade Gorton International Policy Cen-ter. The Center facilitates fellowships, intern-ships, and a leadership development program to conduct research in economics, trade, en-ergy security, energy, and the environment. He also serves on the K&L Gates Council and is often a guest speaker for the Jennifer Dunn Leadership Institute. His work today allows him to mentor aspiring young individuals, one of his favorite pursuits. Among his many other civic efforts, Senator Gorton was a member of the President’s Con-sumer Advisory Council, the Washington State Law and Justice Commission, and the State Criminal Justice Training Commission. Senator Gorton is the proud father of Thom-as, Sarah, and Rebecca Gorton and grand-father of seven. He was married to the late Sally Clark Gorton for 55 years. Senator Gorton will always be known for his values of principled leadership, scholarly pur-suit, bipartisanship and honesty. It is truly an honor to recognize him for his 90th birthday, and all of his great contributions to Wash-ington state and our country. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR. RALEIGH R. RAWLS 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Mr. Raleigh R. Rawls. Raleigh was a gentleman and scholar, and dear friend of mine. He was a very strong family man, and a staple of our community for all of his professional life. After completing his first semester of his senior year at Dillard High School in Fort Lau-derdale, Raleigh was drafted into the United States Navy where he was honorably dis-charged in 1946. After completing his service, he applied and was accepted into Howard University and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in English. After graduating from Howard University, Raleigh worked for the Veterans Administration for three years as an insurance processor for veterans. In 1953, Raleigh returned to his alma mater to attend law school, where he graduated in 1956. It was at Howard University Law School that Raleigh had the chance to engage with notables such as Dr. James Nabrit and Dr. George E.C. Hayes. Raleigh also witnessed history being made when he observed Attor-ney Thurgood Marshall practice arguing the case of Brown v. the Board of Education. While many of his classmates remained in Washington, D.C. upon graduating, Raleigh made a conscious decision to return to the segregated south, so that he could influence young Black students. After passing the bar exam in 1957, Raleigh became the first lawyer to graduate from Dillard High School and the second Black lawyer to practice in Broward County. Raleigh served the South Florida community in many capacities that included: a founding member of the TJ Reddick Bar Association, a founding member of the Broward County Urban League, a founding member of the Sistrunk Festival, a board member of the Boys and Girls Club of Broward County, a member of the Robert Bethel Post 220 of the American Legion, a member of the Community Service Council, a board member of the LA Lee Branch YMCA, a board member of the Old Dillard Museum, and a member of Dillard High School’s Taskforce for Quality Education. Ra-leigh was also a lifetime member of the Na-tional Bar Association, the National Associa-tion for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), and the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc., which he joined while attending Howard University. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Raleigh R. Rawls will be remembered by the many people he touched in his 92 years of life. Fond memories of him will forever remain with his wife of over 50 years, Annie Ruth Robinson, and his four chil-dren: Regina, Rene, Renard (married to Michelle), and Rodney (married to Demetria), as well as his six grandchildren: Cameron, Reagan, Samara, Morgan, Nathan, and Keon. He was truly a blessing to the Fort Lauderdale community. I am so pleased to honor his life and legacy. He will be dearly missed. f 
DACA = DEMS AGAINST COMMON AMERICANS 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to in-clude in the R
ECORD an opinion editorial au-thored by columnist Tom Joyce of the Mount Airy News. In the piece, ‘‘DACA = Dems against Common Americans,’’ Mr. Joyce cor-rectly asserts that during the Schumer Shut-down, the Democratic Party put the interests of DACA participants above those of our mili-tary personnel who suffer from shutdowns. I commend Mr. Joyce on his acute under-standing of the facts. 
[From the Mount Airy News] DACA = D
EMSAGAINST COMMON AMERICANS  (By Tom Joyce) As I sit here on Friday, a stare-down is continuing in Washington over a spending bill that was threatening to shut down the federal government at midnight. First of all, it’s bad enough that members of Congress—representing both parties—are so irresponsible they can’t handle a basic function such as adopting a budget, some-thing state and local governments, busi-nesses and families routinely do. This is evi-dent not just with the spending plan, but vir-tually any issue of consequence to address our nation’s many woes. The problem is that members of both par-ties are more interested in pleasing their corporate donors and other special interests than they are helping rank-and-file Ameri-cans. Senators and representatives largely have become a privileged class who believe they don’t have to play by the rules, ones they themselves make. Although people like myself are paid to offer these kinds of observations in the dim hope they might actually elicit change, I wholeheartedly believe change won’t occur unless some major overhaul in Washington replaces most of the present leadership. While the fiscal irresponsibility sur-rounding the recent budget impasse has been sickening in and of itself, the really dis-gusting thing is how congressional Demo-crats have tied their support for a spending bill to relief for DACA participants. You know, the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals (Dreamers) program that gives special treatment to hundreds of thousands (and maybe more) illegal immigrants brought by their illegal immigrant parents to this country as kids ‘‘through no fault of their own.’’ Now they are young adults who are all military heroes, heart surgeons or Rhodes Scholars with spotless criminal records, and despite being such great and talented people aren’t depriving legal citizens of jobs. Even if all that were true, it’s disgraceful to see how the Democratic Party has been putting the interests of DACA participants above those of our military personnel who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JA8.011 E25JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE99 January 25, 2018 
suffer from shutdowns, including not getting paid. When was the last time Democrats went to bat to such a degree for our own inner-city youths who are ‘‘Dreamers’’ deprived of a good education or economic opportunities while Dems cater to people who shouldn’t be here in the first place? When was the last time the Democrat Party was all in to help veterans plagued by homelessness and unemployment? To be honest, the Democrats once were the party of the working man, which somewhere along the way was hijacked by far-left cul-tural elitists. They deal in a currency of identity politics which sees issues such as who uses what bathroom as more important than those aiding the common man. While their unwavering desire to avoid doing anything that in any way inconven-iences illegal aliens (at the expense of legal Americans) is part of this trend, the truth is Democrats are selfishly motivated. As Sen. Ted Cruz remarked during the 2016 presidential campaign, another definition for illegal immigrants is ‘‘undocumented Demo-crats.’’ And obviously with their core sup-port among real Americans dwindling to the point their party basically has rendered itself irrelevant, Democrats are seeking a ready-made group of subservient voters. This can be accomplished by legalizing the DACA group and any other non-citizens on which Democrats can lay their hands. Here again, the common man is lost in the shuffle. As long as there are homeless veterans whose needs are not being met, people mired in poverty through governmental policies and additional conditions ‘‘through no fault of their own’’ and other legal residents in need, not one bit of energy should be devoted to assisting illegals. Given that many people from other nations have spent years and untold sums of money to become U.S. citizens the right way, I per-sonally won’t be satisfied until every person now within our borders illegally is deported once and for all. We either have laws and rules, or we don’t. And build that wall. You can’t convince me this wouldn’t ben-efit legal Americans by freeing up jobs they supposedly won’t take, including better- than-average construction positions often occupied by illegals. Along the way compa-nies—yes, many of which grease the Repub-lican wheels with donations—would be forced to pay decent wages rather than exploiting cheap labor. The first ones who should be deported are the parents of Dreamers, who when described as people brought here ‘‘through no fault of their own’’ is another way of saying it was somebody’s fault—theirs. In the meantime, DACA will continue to be another way of saying Democrats Against Common Americans. f 
PASSING OF ROY SAMPSEL 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, with the passing of our dear friend Roy Sampsel this past November, we lost a legend in Oregon tribal politics. His Celebration of Life was held in Portland Wednesday, January 24th. Roy understood that honoring and protecting tribal rights is a critical component of a just society. For tribes along the Columbia River and across the Pacific Northwest, Roy fought to ensure that tribal voices, values, and traditions were woven into the fabric of natural resource policy. He was a compassionate and dedi-cated advocate whose gift of leadership made him effective as a tireless protector of tribal re-sources. His lifetime of work with state and federal governments, the Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission, Portland State University, and beyond pointed us all in the right direction, and continues to make a dif-ference today. While he will be sorely missed, his legacy will live on through the works of the many he mentored. f 
HONORING JON JUMPER 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take some time today to honor one of my con-stituents, Mr. Jon Jumper, for his immense dedication to serving California’s state govern-ment. Mr. Jumper graduated from the University of California, Riverside (UCR) in 1982 with a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Dance. While attending UCR, he also studied physics, biology, chemistry, mathe-matics, accounting, archeology, and dance history. Mr. Jumper is a Tax Administrator for Ana-heim’s tax office who was originally hired in 1985. First working as a field auditor, then as a tax collector and now as an administrator. During his tenure, Mr. Jumper has worked tire-lessly to account for tax revenue and manage audits in the city of Anaheim. Mr. Jumper is essential to his office in col-lecting tax revenue from audits. Mr. Jumper has successfully managed a team of tax pro-fessionals, administrative program specialists, and auditors to create exceptional work. His expertise has greatly helped the Anaheim and Santa Ana community receive tax revenue, which in turn has led to better infrastructure, improvements in education, and public serv-ices. I am pleased to say that Mr. Jumper has contributed greatly to his community and state government. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Jumper is an exemplary citizen. I am honored to congratulate Mr. Jumper for his tenure at Anaheim’s tax office and hope he continues to be an outstanding citizen for his community. 
f 
HONORING JULIE KUSHNER, DI-RECTOR OF UAW REGION 9A, ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIRE-MENT 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is my great privilege to rise today to pay tribute to Julie Kushner, Director of UAW Region 9A, as she marks her retirement after seven years as Di-rector and more than thirty years as a union activist and leader. Julie began her career in the union move-ment in 1977 when she joined District 65, an independent union that later affiliated with the UAW, where she participated in many suc-cessful organizing drives, including for clerical and administrative support staff at Columbia University, various trade schools, as well as public and non-profit organizations. Her vision and success led to her election as the first president of UAW Local 2110, an amal-gamated local with units in a variety of non-manufacturing settings. As president, Julie was responsible for collective bargaining for more than thirty-five Technical, Office and Pro-fessional Units, particularly committed to the fight for contract language to protect workers’ health and safety, and to promote women’s and family issues. Julie’s career with Region 9A began with her appointment to the staff in 1994 where she focused on education. Responsible for the organization of thousands of graduate student employees, adjunct faculty, and part-time fac-ulty, as well as the successful election, cam-paign, and negotiations for the first contract for the dealers at Foxwoods Resort Casino, Julie rose through the ranks at Region 9A to be-come its Director. Her leadership has been defined by an aggressive organizing program and an expansion of its coalition building pro-gram. Julie’s contributions to UAW Region 9A and the labor movement as a whole have been nothing short of extraordinary. Her ef-forts have ensured that thousands of workers have a safe work environment and economic security for their families. I would be remiss if I did not extend a per-sonal note of thanks and appreciation to Julie for her many years of friendship. I have had the pleasure of working with her throughout my time as a Member of Congress and have always appreciated her candor, her vision, and her dedication to her members. Julie Kushner has dedicated her profes-sional career to ensuring the economic secu-rity as well as the health and safety of our working families. I am honored to rise today to extend my heartfelt congratulations and sin-cere thanks to Julie as she marks the end of a remarkable career. I wish her, her husband, Larry, as well as their three children and four grandchildren the very best for many more years of health and happiness as they begin this new chapter. f 
HONORING THE 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF PICO RIVERA 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor one of the cities in my district. On January 28, Pico Rivera, California celebrates its 60th An-niversary. Pico Rivera is a thriving community nestled on the eastern edge of the Los Ange-les basin. With over 120 acres dedicated to recreational space, and 100 acres of local parks, Pico Rivera offers residents a peaceful refuge from the hustle and bustle of Los Ange-les. Pico Rivera was officially incorporated in 1958 as the 61st city in Los Angeles County. Before the community evolved into a lively residential area, the historic communities were originally home to agricultural practice. Now, Pico Rivera is home to a vibrant industrial and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JA8.014 E25JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE100 January 25, 2018 
commercial community, attracting many busi-nesses small and large. Pico Rivera has a rich history, and has con-tinued to invest in the local community through projects such as the Passons Boulevard rail-road underpass project, and the new Pico Ri-vera Library. These types of city projects make Pico Rivera a great place to live, work, and relax. I am honored to represent this city and its residents, and look forward to what the next 60 years have in store. 
f 
HONORING MEMBERS OF THE WORCESTER POLICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 25, 2018 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor six members of the Worcester Police Department who assisted with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, the worst natural disaster that island has ever experienced. In response to an urgent request from their colleagues in Puerto Rico, the Worcester Po-lice Department, under the leadership of Chief Gary Gemme, deployed six officers to assist with recovery efforts on the island. On Wednesday, October 18, four of Worcester’s finest deployed to Puerto Rico for two weeks and then, two weeks later, a sec-ond group deployed for another two weeks. These officers: Sargent Armando Garcia, Officers Danny Diaz, David Rojas, Jose Lugo- Gardner, Luis Baez, and an undercover offi-cer—all with personal ties to Puerto Rico— joined members of the Massachusetts State Police to help their fellow Americans recover and rebuild. The experience was emotional—the work, demanding. They labored in and around the city of Carolina, where the hurricane caused catastrophic damage to the power grid, roads, and bridges. Around the clock, they responded to emergency calls, enforced curfews, and se-cured infrastructure. They distributed food and water. They saved the life of a suicidal man, administered CPR to victims of a motor vehicle accident, and assisted someone who was suffering from seizures. They provided a much-needed res-pite for local law enforcement officials who were exhausted by their own responsibilities to their communities and their families. These officers represent the absolute best of the kind-hearted, compassionate people of Worcester. The emotional toll of bringing order to such chaos is high—yet these officers gave their time and talent unconditionally to the people of Puerto Rico. We owe them our respect, our admiration, and our gratitude. Their example of putting others first inspires us all. They have truly made a difference, and for that, they should be proud. I, for sure, am proud of them. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the citizens of Worcester, the people of Massachusetts, and the United States Congress, I would like to recognize and applaud these officers and all who made their mission in Puerto Rico pos-sible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JA8.018 E25JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D89 Thursday, January 25, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S507–S526 Measures Introduced: Eleven bills and three reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2338–2348, and S. Res. 381–383.
                                        Pages S520–21 
Measures Passed: Veteran PEER Act: Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 1873, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                     Pages S525–26 
McConnell (for Blunt) Amendment No. 1920, to modify the timeline for establishment of the pro-gram.
                                                                                  Page S525 
National School Choice Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 381, designating the week of January 21 through January 27, 2018, as ‘‘National School Choice Week’’.
                                                              Page S526 
National Catholic Schools Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 382, supporting the contributions of Catholic schools.
                                                                              Page S526 
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 2 p.m., on Monday, January 29, 2018, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2311, to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form; and notwith-standing the provisions of Rule XXII, the cloture motions filed during Wednesday, January 24, 2018 session ripen in the order filed at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, January 29, 2018.
                                    Page S526 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 89 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. EX. 24), R.D. James, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army.
                                                     Pages S508–16, S526 Jonathan H. Pittman, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years.
                                                                     Pages S518, S526 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Rohit Chopra, of New York, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the unexpired term of seven years from September 26, 2012. Noah Joshua Phillips, of Maryland, to be a Fed-eral Trade Commissioner for the term of seven years from September 26, 2016. Joseph Simons, of Virginia, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the term of seven years from Sep-tember 26, 2017. Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the unexpired term of seven years from September 26, 2011. Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the term of seven years from September 26, 2018.
                                                 Page S526 
Executive Communications:                               Page S519 
Executive Reports of Committees:         Pages S519–20 
Additional Cosponsors:                                          Page S521 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S521–25 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S518–19 
Amendments Submitted:                                     Page S525 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S525 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—24)
                                                                     Page S516 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 4:01 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Monday, Janu-ary 29, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S526.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JA8.REC D25JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD90 January 25, 2018 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported 1,056 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps. U.S. NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine global challenges and United States national security strategy, after receiving testi-mony from Henry A. Kissinger, Kissinger Associ-ates, and George P. Shultz, Stanford University Hoo-ver Institution, both a former Secretary of State, and Richard L. Armitage, Armitage International, former Deputy Secretary of State, all of Washington, D.C. CFIUS REFORM Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States reform, focusing on Administration perspectives on the essential elements, including S. 2098, to mod-ernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign in-vestment, and S. 1983, to establish a process to re-view foreign investment to determine the economic effect of the investment on the United States, after receiving testimony from Heath P. Tarbert, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury; Richard E. Ashooh, Assist-ant Secretary of Commerce for Export Administra-tion; and Eric D. Chewning, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Manufacturing and Industrial Base Policy. WIRELESS EMERGENCY ALERT SYSTEM Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Wireless Emergency Alert system, after receiving testimony from Lisa M. Fowlkes, Chief, Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission; Scott Bergmann, CTIA, and Sam Matheny, National Association of Broadcasters, both of Washington, D.C.; and Michael Lisenco, ARRL, Newington, Connecticut. COMBATING THE OPIOID CRISIS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations concluded a hearing to examine combating the opioid crisis, focusing on exploiting vulnerabilities in international mail, after receiving testimony from Joseph Murphy, International Postal Policy Unit Chief, Bureau of International Organizations, De-partment of State; Robert Cintron, Vice President, Network Operations, William Siemer, Acting Dep-uty Inspector General, and Guy Cottrell, Chief Post-al Inspector, Postal Inspection Service, all of the United States Postal Service; Todd C. Owen, Execu-tive Assistant Commissioner, Office of Field Oper-ations, Customs and Border Protection, and Gregory C. Nevano, Deputy Assistant Director, Illicit Trade, Travel, and Finance Division, Homeland Security In-vestigations, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, both of the Department of Homeland Security; and Daniel D. Baldwin, Section Chief, Office of Global Enforcement, Asia and Africa, Operations Division, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Justice. HIGHER EDUCATION ACT REAUTHORIZATION Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine reauthor-izing the Higher Education Act, focusing on access and innovation, after receiving testimony from Joe May, Dallas County Community College District, Dallas, Texas; Donna Linderman, City University of New York, New York; Barbara Brittingham, Com-mission on Institutions of Higher Education, Bur-lington, Massachusetts, on behalf of the New Eng-land Association of Schools and Colleges; Deborah Bushway, Northwestern Health Sciences University, Bloomington, Minnesota; and Mike Larsson, Match Beyond, Boston, Massachusetts. NOMINATION Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Frank T. Brogan, of Pennsylvania, to be Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary Education, Department of Education, after the nomi-nee, who was introduced by Senator Nelson, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee announced the following subcommittee assignments: Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Con-sumer Rights: Senators Lee (Chair),Grassley, Hatch, Graham, Tillis, Klobuchar, Leahy, Blumenthal, and Booker. Subcommittee on the Constitution: Senators Cruz (Chair), Cornyn, Crapo, Sasse, Graham, Kennedy, Hirono, Durbin, Whitehouse, Coons, and Harris. Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism: Senators Graham (Chair), Grassley, Hatch, Cornyn, Cruz, Sasse, Ken-nedy, Whitehouse, Feinstein, Durbin, Klobuchar, Coons, and Booker. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JA8.REC D25JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D91 January 25, 2018 
Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration: Sen-ators Cornyn (Chair), Tillis, Kennedy, Grassley, Cruz, Flake, Crapo, Lee, Durbin, Feinstein, Leahy, Klobuchar, Blumenthal, Hirono, and Booker. Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts: Senators Sasse (Chair), Grassley, Crapo, Kennedy, Hatch, Lee, Flake, Tillis, Blumenthal, Leahy, Whitehouse, Klobuchar, Coons, Hirono, and Harris. Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and the Law: Sen-ators Flake (Chair), Hatch, Lee, Tillis, Crapo, Sasse, Kennedy, Coons, Leahy, Whitehouse, Blumenthal, Hirono, and Harris. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 9 public bills, H.R. 4877–4885; and 2 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 101; and H. Res. 713, were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H628–29 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H629–30 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3978, to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements re-lated to mortgage disclosures, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–524); H.R. 4546, to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to specify when a nationally traded security is ex-empt from State regulation of security offerings (H. Rept. 115–525); H.R. 4266, to clarify the boundary of Acadia Na-tional Park, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–526); and H.R. 4264, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain Bureau of Land Management land in Cache County, Utah, to the City of Hyde Park for public purposes (H. Rept. 115–527).
        Page H628 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Thomas J. Rooney (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
               Page H627 
Privileged Resolution: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 101, providing for a joint session of Con-gress to receive a message from the President. 
                                                                                              Page H627 
Congressional Award Board—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Congressional Award Board: Representative Hudson. And, in addition: Mr. Steve Hart of Washington, DC; Ms. Kimberly Norman of Dallas, Texas; Mr. Michael Pitts, Jr. of Kenosha, Wisconsin; Mr. Marc Baer of Savage, Minnesota; and Mr. Jason Van Pelt of Washington, DC.                                                   Page H627 
Senate Referrals: S. 1395 was referred to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. S. 2152 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
                         Page H627 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H627. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 4 p.m. and ad-journed at 4:04 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on Senate amendments to H.R. 695, the ‘‘Child Protection Im-provements Act of 2017’’ [Department of Defense Appro-priations Act, 2018], 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JA8.REC D25JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD92 January 25, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Monday, January 29 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2311, Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 5:30 p.m. Upon disposition of the motion to proceed to consider-ation of S. 2311, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Monday, January 29 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aguilar, Pete, Calif., E95 Bacon, Don, Nebr., E97 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E96, E99 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E99 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E97 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E95, E99 Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E98 Garrett, Thomas A., Jr., Va., E97 Gosar, Paul, Ariz., E96 Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E96 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E98 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E96 Johnson, Bill, Ohio, E97 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E95 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E97 McGovern, James P., Mass., E100 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E98 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E99 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E97 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E95 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D25JA8.REC D25JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST