Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6401 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 2018 No. 162 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 2, 2018, at 12:30 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , OCTOBER 1, 2018 
(Legislative day of Friday, September 28, 2018) The Senate met at 3 p.m., on the ex-piration of the recess, and was called to order by the Honorable R
OYBLUNT , a Senator from the State of Missouri. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Gracious God, let Your glory be over all the Earth. Thank You for Your faithfulness that endures forever. Today, give our lawmakers steadfast hearts that will honor You. Provide them with wisdom to strive to do Your will. May their debates and discussions not degenerate into incivility. Lord, lead them throughout life’s changing scene, strengthening them for every challenge. Remind them of the impor-tance of reverential awe, which is the beginning of wisdom. Grant us all wisdom and courage for the living of these days. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. HATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, October 1, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OYBLUNT , a Senator from the State of Missouri, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. BLUNT thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the pending business. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an As-sociate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on Friday, Senators F
LAKE , COLLINS , and M
URKOWSKI , joined by Democratic Sen-ators COONS , KLOBUCHAR , and others, made the only fair move to demand that the FBI investigate the credible allegations of sexual misconduct by Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh. It was the right thing to do. It was fair to both Dr. Blasey Ford and to Judge Kavanaugh. For too long Republicans have rushed this process forward and likely would have rushed to a final vote if not for the prudent and bipartisan effort of those Senators to demand a full FBI in-vestigation. What is important now is for the FBI investigation to be serious, impartial, and thorough, to ferret out the facts and do so quickly. That means inter-viewing all—all—of the relevant wit-nesses and accepting corroborating ac-counts when they come forward. It also means following up on any leads that emerge from the process of the inves-tigation. The FBI has ample resources to do this within the 1-week period requested by the members of the Judiciary Com-mittee. No one is asking that it take longer than a week, but everyone is asking that it be done thoroughly and completely within that week. There is concern that the White House has placed severe constraints on the investigation. Until today, the President tried to dodge that responsi-bility, with the White House even say-ing the Senate is somehow responsible for the scope of the investigation. Let me be clear. The Senate has no control over the scope of an FBI investigation of this sort—only the White House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.000 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6402 October 1, 2018 
A few hours ago, I was glad to hear President Trump say he would like to see Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh interviewed by the FBI as part of this investigation and that the FBI should be able to interview anyone—anyone— appropriate. We have to now make sure that those comments reflect what the White House has officially told the FBI. Democratic Senators, led by Ranking Member F
EINSTEIN , have asked the White House what parameters it is giv-ing to the FBI, but we haven’t yet re-ceived the reply, so we need an official document from the White House made public so the whole country knows what the scope is, and it should outline the scope of the investigation. We told the President: If you are truly giving the FBI the ability to fol-low the facts wherever they lead, show us; show us what White House Counsel Don McGahn has instructed the FBI. Because prior to President Trump’s off- the-cuff comments in the Rose Garden, there were rumors that the majority staff of the Judiciary Committee were drawing up limited interview lists for the FBI and otherwise circumscribing the investigation. Partisan staffers on the Judiciary Committee should not exercise any constraints over this in-vestigation. Democratic staffers asked the Repub-lican majority staff to get on the phone with Counsel McGahn to discuss what should be the parameters, and they were told: Forget it. It is the same par-tisan staff who has blocked documents, who has operated in a purely partisan way, and who couldn’t come up with an agreement when these things had al-ways been done in a bipartisan way. To let the partisan Senate staff on the Re-publican side dictate the terms of this investigation would be wrong. Ultimately, President Trump and Counsel McGahn know the buck stops with the White House. It is only they who can instruct the FBI. Now that the President has said he wants a full in-vestigation, that he wants both Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh to be inter-viewed, we assume that will happen, but we want to make sure Mr. McGahn tells the FBI just that. The Senate and the American people deserve to know what is the scope of the investigation because this inves-tigation must be done in a manner that allows the public to have confidence in its findings. Whether you are for or against Judge Kavanaugh going to the Supreme Court, it will only benefit the country if the investigation is regarded as fair, clear, and not constrained, par-ticularly by partisan means. For that reason, we hope the FBI will be avail-able to brief the Senate on the results of the investigation before a final floor vote. Democrats are not interested in delay for the sake of delay. This can all be completed quickly, but it must be done right. We are a society based on the rule of law. It is therefore crucial that the American people have faith in the judi-ciary, especially the Supreme Court. Our job as Senators is to decide if someone has the intelligence, the tem-perament, the independence, and the credibility to earn the title of Justice for a lifetime. Character matters. Character matters deeply. Anyone who watched the Judiciary Committee hearing on Thursday should have serious, if not disqualifying, doubts about Judge Kavanaugh’s credi-bility and independence—qualities we should expect in any Supreme Court Justice. First, let me address the nominee’s independence. After Dr. Blasey Ford’s courageous, polite, detailed, and cred-ible testimony to the committee, Judge Kavanaugh embarked on a par-tisan screed, angrily implicating sit-ting U.S. Senators in a conspiratorial plot to destroy his nomination. He even had the temerity to label the re-cent allegations a part of some ‘‘re-venge of the Clintons,’’ an absurd and shopworn boogeyman of partisan Re-publicans from the Gingrich era on for-ward. That was from Judge Kavanaugh’s prepared opening state-ments. When questioned, Judge Kavanaugh impugned the motives of sitting Sen-ators, rudely interrupting and dis-missing questions in a way I have never seen tolerated from a witness. Judge Kavanaugh asked a Democratic Member of this Chamber whether she had ever blacked out from drinking— an offensive question asked by a nomi-nee who was there to provide answers, not evade answers by asking very nasty questions. It was quite clear from Thursday’s testimony that Judge Kavanaugh har-bors deep, deep partisan resentments. That is not the kind of Justice we need on the Supreme Court. I must say, this isn’t the first time I thought that Judge Kavanaugh was too partisan. When he came before the Ju-diciary Committee in 2004 and 2006, I noted that he was involved in every major legal partisan fight of the Clin-ton and Bush eras, from Ken Starr to Bush v. Gore, from torture to signing statements to Manny Miranda’s theft of Democratic emails. I wondered then, as I do today, whether we should pro-mote a loyal partisan warrior to a posi-tion that calls for independence and ju-diciousness. Frankly, Judge Kavanaugh’s testi-mony was a stunning display of par-tisanship and recrimination that so-lidified my skepticism about his objec-tivity and independence. I understand these issues are emotional. I under-stand that his character was being questioned. But rather than providing sincere and measured testimony in his defense, which would have been far more effective, Judge Kavanaugh re-vealed that his world view is skewed by a very partisan lens. Let me address probably the most important question about Judge Kavanaugh: his credibility. President Trump has suggested that it doesn’t matter what someone did 36 years ago in high school. Whatever view you take of that notion—I believe, given the se-riousness of what Dr. Ford said, it should matter—the question about Judge Kavanaugh’s credibility is one that weighs on us today, on his behav-ior right now. It is a question not about what Judge Kavanaugh did as a 16- or 17-year-old but what he has said as a 53-year-old nominee to the Su-preme Court. The harsh fact is that we have mounting evidence that Judge Kavanaugh is just not credible. He has dissembled about the Bush administra-tion’s policies on torture, the nomina-tion of controversial judges, grand jury proceedings, and the theft of Demo-cratic emails. Thursday’s hearing pro-vided fresh examples of Judge Kavanaugh’s difficult relationship with the truth. Judge Kavanaugh gave an-swers about his yearbook page, sup-posed drinking games, and high school behavior that simply defy credulity. Judge Kavanaugh said he ‘‘never’’ drank so much that he forgot events— a characterization that does not track with multiple descriptions made by many high school and college class-mates. So the 64,000 dollar question is this: Is Judge Kavanaugh credible? Will Judge Kavanaugh say anything, deny anything, mislead about anything to secure confirmation to the Supreme Court? Does he have the integrity, the independence, the credibility to do the job? Does Judge Kavanaugh deserve the promotion of a lifetime, for a lifetime? These very serious questions about Judge Kavanaugh’s state of mind and who he is today, not who he was in 1982, should weigh on the conscience of every Senator. In my experience with Judge Kavanaugh, in 2004, in 2006, and again throughout this process, I am left with the impression that Judge Kavanaugh would dissemble, mislead, even prevari-cate—even prevaricate—about every-thing from the momentous to the mun-dane—whatever it takes to cast his nomination in the most favorable light. Faced now with the gravest of al-legations and the sincere testimony by a very courageous woman, I believe the Senate should consider the issue of credibility to be front and center in de-ciding whether Judge Kavanaugh de-serves a seat on the bench—a lifetime appointment to the most important court in the land. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the confirmation process for Judge Brett Kavanaugh, one of the most qualified and most impressive Supreme Court nominees in our Nation’s history, is moving forward. On Friday, the Judiciary Committee reported this nomination favorably. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.002 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6403 October 1, 2018 
Then, here on the floor, we officially moved to take up the nomination. Every Republican member of the com-mittee agreed that Judge Kavanaugh should be reported out with a favorable recommendation, and every Democrat voted in opposition—in some cases, be-fore he or anyone had even been nomi-nated. That last part shouldn’t really sur-prise anyone. Democrats have made no real attempt to disguise that this was a pure partisan calculation for them from the beginning. Several of them had announced their opposition to Judge Kavanaugh’s nomi-nation long before his original hearings even began, before they had questioned him on his judicial record they deem so problematic and, in some cases, more than 2 months before Dr. Ford’s allega-tions of misconduct were made public. The Democrats didn’t mince any words. The way one Democratic mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee put it: Supporters of Judge Kavanaugh are— listen to this—‘‘complicit in the evil.’’ That is a Democratic member of the Judiciary Committee. Another Democrat on the committee, before Judge Kavanaugh was even named, described in almost apocalyptic terms the consequences of whomever the President might nominate. Here was the quote: ‘‘We are looking at the destruction of the Constitution of the United States as far as I can tell.’’ And here was the Democratic leader, just hours after Judge Kavanaugh was nominated: ‘‘I will oppose him with ev-erything I’ve got.’’ Well, they have cer-tainly done just that. They have done just that. The ranking Democrat on the com-mittee first heard from Dr. Ford on July 30. Did our colleague alert the chairman so the committee could do due diligence in a confidential way, consistent with Dr. Ford’s wishes? No, she did not. Did she discretely raise the issue with Judge Kavanaugh during her private meeting with him on August 20? She didn’t do that, either. As best we can tell, the Democrats chose to keep this allegation secret, rather than investigating in a bipartisan and time-ly way; in fact, they held it in reserve. Meanwhile, the senior Senator from California, or her office, were already in communication with Dr. Ford. In fact, her office had already rec-ommended—recommended—that Dr. Ford retain a particular Washington, DC, law firm. The firm in question is not exactly foreign to Democratic politics. Two of its founding partners, including one of the attorneys who personally appeared at the hearing to represent Dr. Ford, had until recently been scheduled to hold a fundraiser for one of our Senate Democratic colleagues tonight. Oh, and by the way, the firm had also rep-resented in another matter the person who has made the most salacious and disgusting accusations against Judge Kavanaugh as a high school student. This is the firm the Judiciary Com-mittee Democrats recommended to Dr. Ford. Not long thereafter, of course, Dr. Ford’s letter to the senior Senator from California wound up in the hands of the press. The same letter in which she asked for confidentiality was leaked. By whom? As best I can tell, nobody had possession of this letter, except for Dr. Ford’s Democratic Con-gresswoman, the Democratic side of the Judiciary Committee, and presum-ably the politically connected lawyers they recommended to Dr. Ford. And somehow—somehow—it ended up in the press. Dr. Ford’s plea for privacy was brushed aside. A predictable media cir-cus was launched. Of course, the questionable and con-cerning handling of this matter didn’t stop there. In her testimony, Dr. Ford seemed surprised that Chairman G
RASSLEY had offered her legal team a number of more discrete and less bur-densome ways to share her story if she preferred. The chairman had offered to fly investigators out to California, or anywhere else, for a private interview at a time and a place of Dr. Ford’s choosing. But, apparently, neither our Democratic colleagues nor the lawyers they recommended felt it was nec-essary to make these options clear to Dr. Ford. She told the committee: ‘‘I wasn’t clear on what the offer was. . . . [I would have] been happy to speak with you out there’’—referring to California. ‘‘It wasn’t clear to me that was the case.’’ So let’s take stock of all of this. The ranking member withheld serious alle-gations from committee colleagues, precluding any chance that they would be handled with sensitivity and discre-tion. Meanwhile, her staff made rec-ommendations that the accuser retain specific, politically connected counsel. Then, her confidential account reached the media faster than it reached either the chairman of the committee or the FBI, which our colleagues have been insisting must now look into it. Fi-nally, we had reason to believe that Dr. Ford was not even apprised of the chairman’s offers to collect her testi-mony in ways that might have been less likely to create a media circus and less burdensome on her. It is almost as if Dr. Ford didn’t want a Washington, DC-based media circus, but others with whom she was in contact and on whom she was relying wanted exactly that. So we have learned that if you con-fide in Senate Democrats on highly sensitive personal matters, no request for confidentiality will keep you from becoming a household name. And even if you are a nominee whose judicial philosophy Senate Democrats deem to be objectionable, no centuries-old standard of presumed innocence will protect your name, your family, or your reputation from irreparable dam-age. Now, fortunately, Chairman G
RASS -
LEYhas taken action to clean up this mess. Last Thursday, he supervised a pro-fessional and respectful hearing. He re-tained an experienced sex crimes pros-ecutor to methodically collect the de-tails of Dr. Ford’s recollections. This is a professional who is recognized as ‘‘Outstanding Arizona Sexual Assault Prosecutor of the Year’’ by former Democratic Governor Janet Napoli-tano—a former Cabinet Secretary of President Obama’s and herself a mem-ber of Anita Hill’s legal team back in 1991. Here is what she wrote in her memo to Members following the hearing: A he said, she said case is incredibly dif-ficult to prove. But this case is even weaker than that. Dr. Ford identified other witnesses to the event, and those witnesses either refuted her allegation or failed to corroborate them. I do not think that a reasonable prosecutor would bring this case based on the evidence before the Committee. Nor do I think that this evidence is sufficient to satisfy the pre-ponderance-of-the-evidence standard. 
That is a lower standard. Will our Democratic colleagues listen to this expert opinion, although it con-flicts with their political mission? Don’t hold your breath. Nor am I opti-mistic that they will stay consistent and accept the conclusions of the sup-plemental background investigation the FBI is now conducting on top of its six prior investigations of Judge Kavanaugh. Democrats demanded a supplemental investigation. They proclaimed it would be a game-changer. The Demo-cratic leader and the ranking Demo-crat on the committee both said re-cently that an FBI investigation can be completed in less than a week, but I would bet almost anything that after it runs its course in the next few days, we will then be treated to a lecture—a lec-ture—that anything short of a totally unbounded fishing expedition of indefi-nite duration is too limited or too arbi-trary or somehow insufficient. We all know that is coming. If you listen carefully, you can prac-tically hear the sounds of the Demo-crats moving the goalposts. Remember, back in the summer, Democrats said there weren’t enough documents to get a good sense of Judge Kavanaugh’s ca-reer. Then we heard there were too many documents. Then once Dr. Ford’s private allegation was mysteriously made public, we couldn’t possibly move forward until we heard from them both. Then, after neither the hearing nor the statements of supposed wit-nesses yielded any corroborating evi-dence and, in fact, produced evidence that supported Judge Kavanaugh, we were told that only an FBI investiga-tion would resolve this and that it could be done promptly. So let me go out on a limb. Let me make a small prediction. Soon enough, the goalposts will be on the move once again. I would respectfully say to my col-leagues: Do these actions suggest this has ever been about finding the truth? Does anybody believe that? Do these actions suggest this has ever been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.004 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6404 October 1, 2018 
about giving Judge Kavanaugh a fair hearing? This institution has seen before epi-sodes somewhat like what we are now seeing from some of our colleagues across the aisle. Back during the McCarthy era—in fact, in 1950—char-acter assassination and uncorroborated allegations were being utilized in a very different debate. That is when a distinguished Senator from Maine named Margaret Chase Smith—an icon from the great State of our colleague Senator C
OLLINS —went to the Senate floor to say enough was enough. She gave a speech that guaranteed she would be in the history of the Senate. She titled it ‘‘Declaration of Con-science.’’ Here is what she said: 
I do not like the way in which the Senate has been made a rendezvous for vilification, for selfish political gain at the sacrifice of individual reputations and national unity. 
Margaret Chase Smith went on: 
Whether it be a criminal prosecution in court or a character prosecution in the Sen-ate, there is little practical distinction when the life of a person has been ruined. 
We should listen to these words. They speak as loudly today as they did 68 years ago. In my judgment, the pattern of be-havior we have seen confirms what Democrats’ own public statements have told us: They are committed to delaying, obstructing, and resisting this nomination with everything they have. They just want to delay this matter past the election. That is not my supposition; that is their plan. Ac-cording to another Democratic member of the Judiciary Committee, the junior Senator from Hawaii, that is their plan. Soon I expect we will hear that the conclusions of the expert prosecutor who questioned both witnesses at last week’s hearing aren’t reliable or that the FBI’s investigation was not infinite or endless enough for their liking. Maybe we will hear that the real issue is not these uncorroborated allegations of misconduct after all but, rather, the fact that Judge Kavanaugh—now, lis-ten to this—drank beer in high school and in college or the fact that he was, rightfully, angry—who wouldn’t be?— that his good name and his family have been dragged through the mud with a campaign of character assassination based on allegations that lack any cor-roboration. Who wouldn’t be angry about that? Their goalposts keep shifting, but their goal hasn’t moved an inch—not an inch. The goal has been the same all along. So let me make it very clear. The time for endless delay and obstruc-tion has come to a close. Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination is out of com-mittee. We are considering it here on the floor, and we will be voting this week. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. LANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, after the tumultuous week just past, after the fireworks during the Kavanaugh hearing—the second hearing—I think we all needed a little bit of time to de-compress and to digest what exactly happened. I am, of course, referring to this contentious hearing over the con-firmation of Brett Kavanaugh. It was fair and necessary, in my view, to hold the hearing because Dr. Christine Ford, against her wishes, as it turned out, was thrust into the national spotlight by our Democratic colleagues. Once there, we believe she deserved her chance to tell her story. Just as impor-tantly, Judge Kavanaugh deserved a chance to speak to the American peo-ple and to clear his name. I have told people before, and I will say it again, I want to make sure Dr. Ford is treated no worse than my own daughters would be if they found them-selves in this unfortunate cir-cumstance or my mother or my wife. Similarly, I think Judge Kavanaugh should be treated as well as we would want our father, our brother, our son, or somebody’s husband were they to find themselves in his circumstances. This is about fairness in the end, fair process, one that gives everybody a chance to tell their story. One of the things that makes this so different is we know many of the Senators listen-ing to this testimony—almost half of them—throughout the Senate had al-ready made up their minds. I would hate to walk into a courtroom where the judge and the jury had already made up their minds without even hearing from the witnesses. Unfortu-nately, that is the kind of hearing room Judge Kavanaugh walked into last week. We have heard Dr. Ford’s story, and we have heard Judge Kavanaugh’s strong and forceful rebuttal. What is so unusual now—I guess the goalposts seem to shift every day, maybe even every hour—some people are saying Judge Kavanaugh’s rebuttal and his de-nial was so forceful, and he was obvi-ously so upset, that somehow nega-tively reflects on his judicial tempera-ment, and then he is disqualified for trying to defend his good name. I will defy any Member of the Sen-ate—frankly, anybody in the country— whose reputation and way of life was threatened with destruction, whose reputation as a father, as a husband, as a member of the second highest court in the country under similar attack on their reputation and their good name not to be angry about that if they be-lieved the allegations against them were completely false. What we found is, there is simply no evidence to cor-roborate or confirm Dr. Ford’s allega-tion. We have all heard the individuals who Dr. Ford said were present the night of the alleged assault either have no recollection of such a party or say the assault never happened. That in-cludes one of Dr. Ford’s best friends at the time, Leland Keyser, who said she doesn’t remember ever meeting Brett Kavanaugh and certainly she wasn’t present at an event such as Dr. Ford described. This brings us back to the hearing last week. We watched Judge Kavanaugh defend his personal integ-rity and his good name in front of the Nation. True, he did demonstrate some righteous indignation at the way our colleagues across the aisle have han-dled this confirmation. He became very emotional as he choked back tears, but I must say, he wasn’t the only one choking back tears during his defense of his good name and reputation. There were many eyes around the room and across the country that were not dry. He didn’t aim his fury at Dr. Ford but rather at the atrocious way the claims were sprung on him at the eleventh hour, using an unfair process that vio-lated the rules of the Judiciary Com-mittee. They were not handled in the normal way, which would have re-spected the privacy and the desire for confidentiality for Dr. Ford but at the same time made sure a good man was not smeared in public by allegations that could not be proven. We know when Dr. Ford’s allegations were brought to the attention of the Judiciary Committee in July—specifi-cally to the ranking member, Senator F
EINSTEIN —she didn’t share those with either the FBI, which she ultimately did long after the first hearing, or with the Judiciary Committee background investigation professional staff. That is the way they should have been han-dled. As a matter of fact, Dr. Ford said when she heard we would have inter-viewed her in California in a private, confidential setting about her allega-tions, she said: Nobody ever told me that. She was thrust against her will into this national spotlight and circuslike atmosphere. Somebody is not helping Dr. Ford. Somebody is thrusting Dr. Ford into this position against her de-sires and expressed wishes, leaking her letter, which she asked remain con-fidential. It is, unfortunately, a pat-tern that is beginning to develop here. That brings us back to the hearing last week. As I said, we watched the judge defend his integrity in front the Nation, but we know the allegations of Dr. Ford were held until the time was right, when they could be unveiled and weaponized and inflict the maximum amount of damage. By the look on some of my col-leagues’ faces during the hearing last week, Judge Kavanaugh struck a nerve. I think they started to realize what these last couple of weeks must have been like for him and his family— his wife, his two daughters, his par-ents—and the girls he coached in bas-ketball. I think that is why the judge felt like he had to defend forcefully his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.005 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6405 October 1, 2018 
good name and reputation against unproven allegations. And who among us would do anything less? We don’t live in a country where once accused of something you are assumed to be guilty. That would be a violation in a court of due process of law. There is the presumption of innocence and the requirement that if you are going to make serious allegations against somebody—and, in this case, allega-tions of a crime—you have to meet cer-tain standards. You have to prove it. But here, as we found out, Dr. Ford’s allegations were not proven. All of the people who, according to her, could substantiate her allegations said: I don’t remember anything like that. I was never present at such an event. But that doesn’t seem to bother any of our colleagues who had already de-cided to oppose this nomination. That is one of the things I hate the most about Washington, DC. It is not enough to win an election. It is not enough to win an argument for some people. They want to destroy you. It is an ugly, cruel, and reckless way to treat an-other human being. I wish I could say that some of my colleagues across the aisle expressed one ounce of remorse and publicly stat-ed: You know, the way we handled this might have been wrong. Maybe we should have done it a different way. Maybe we should have raised the issue much earlier, as the normal way of processing such an allegation would be handled, in a way that protected Dr. Ford and gave her a safe environment to tell her story and be questioned by the bipartisan professional staff who handle background investigations, as well as the FBI. We could have done that in a way that respected Dr. Ford’s wishes, but we did not because of the way this has been mishandled. So far as I can tell, none of our colleagues across the aisle who have foisted this unfair, embar-rassing, disgraceful process on Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh—none of them— expressed any regret or remorse or of-fered any apologies. They haven’t been willing to admit that their stealth tactics have done damage to one man and his family, to the Senate, to the Supreme Court, and to our national fabric, at the same time exposing Dr. Ford to the sort of public scrutiny and spotlight about which she asked—she implored—Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN : Please, protect me from that sort of environment. We could have done so if it had been handled the right way. Our colleagues across the aisle have simply refused to cooperate at all in the process. They called for an additional supplemental FBI background investigation, but when we tried to question witnesses at the staff level in a bipartisan way, they simply refused to participate. None of them have said the obvious, which is that it is pretty odd that Dr. Ford’s lawyers apparently didn’t tell her that investigators volunteered to go to California to speak with her in private. It is downright strange that she didn’t know she was being directed to Democratic lawyers and being sent off for polygraph examinations instead of being directed to the FBI or the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee’s professional staff. Our colleagues across the aisle have never questioned that their allies’ mo-tives were anything less than perfectly righteous or pointed out the political convenience of any of this—that their assault on one man’s integrity is con-venient; in other words, that this has been self-serving for our friends across the aisle who were already committed to oppose the nomination, no matter what. None of this makes it any less callous. So now we have agreed and the White House and the FBI have agreed to con-duct a supplemental background inves-tigation, something that could have been done months ago. It should have been done. It will last no more than 1 week, but it could take less time too. It is up to the FBI to determine who they believe they should interview for the supplemental background inves-tigation, limited to up to a week and based on current and credible accusa-tions. Those are the criteria. Our colleague from Delaware and others during the hearing suggested that this period of time was sufficient. Back when we were discussing what was going to happen at the markup on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination last Friday, every single one of the Demo-crats on the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee said: Just give the FBI 1 more week, and that is what is happening. But it will not make any difference. They are not persuadable. They have already made up their minds. But it would not surprise me if at the end of the week, they raise their voices, which they have already begun to do, and move the goalposts, change their tune, find some fault with the FBI’s investigation or the length of time in which it was conducted. I wouldn’t be surprised because that is the way they have conducted them-selves since the President announced Judge Kavanaugh as the nominee—al-ways finding reason to delay, asking for something, and if they are given it, well, that is not enough. Though I did not think an additional or supplemental background investiga-tion was necessary, I am not opposed to the supplemental FBI investigation. What we already know is that the three people who Dr. Ford said were present at the party have all given sworn statements under penalty of fel-ony saying: I don’t remember, or it didn’t happen, not in my presence. They are already under oath and can be prosecuted if they are not telling the truth. I am not quite sure what the FBI is supposed to ask them after that, if they said: It didn’t happen, or I don’t remember, or it didn’t happen; I wasn’t there. I am not sure what else they can really investigate, but I ultimately be-lieve that given the state of the record, I don’t believe the FBI supplemental background investigation will signifi-cantly alter the situation we find our-selves in currently. That situation is this: If the allegations we discussed during last week’s hearing remain uncorroborated and unproven, if they never came up in the context of six or other FBI background checks, if they have been explicitly denied time and again by the nominee, if alleged eye-witnesses have no recollection of them and/or say they didn’t happen, if they conflict with the accounts of many, many women who knew the nominee to behave honorably in high school, col-lege, and law school and as a profes-sional, and countless more women who have known and interacted with Judge Kavanaugh since, if the timing seems calculated, unusual, and politically motivated, and if our Democratic col-leagues chose not to act on this oppor-tunity when it was much more appro-priate than now for them to do so, then there is simply no reason why we should not move forward. The die is cast, and it has been cast for quite a while. A number of our colleagues an-nounced against President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court before he was even identified, and a dozen or so more shortly after he was identified, without the benefit of any of the hear-ings that the American people have been a party to. Move forward we will, soon, because we simply cannot in the United States of America establish a precedent by which any nominee can be derailed by last-minute, unproven accusations. If we do, then why would anyone want to subject themselves to this process? Anybody and everybody who is nomi-nated to a Senate-confirmed position would be subjected to this same prece-dent once set: guilty until you prove your innocence. Well, I wasn’t there at the time that this was alleged. Well, you still have to prove a negative. You say you weren’t there, but you still have to prove your innocence. That is the opposite of what the pre-sumption of innocence calls for. That is the opposite of what due process of law calls for. That is the opposite of what our constitutional system demands in fairness to everybody involved. If that precedent were set—which I pray it will not be set—the only ammu-nition the opposition would need to shoot down any figure at any time would be innuendo, speculation, sus-picion, and nothing more. We can’t let that happen. We are not going to allow that to happen, and we are not going to set that kind of precedent. It always seems that it is never quite enough to satisfy our colleagues across the aisle, particularly when it comes to the war over judicial confirmations and now the Kavanaugh nomination. It is always more, more, and more: Set the goalposts, move the goalposts, and backtrack from what you have agreed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.007 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6406 October 1, 2018 
to, all in the interest of more delays, which provide more time for the unproven, uncorroborated smears on the character of the nominee and more pain and anguish for the family, who has to suffer along with the nominee and endure these malicious, false, and unproven allegations. Where does it end? Well, it should end this week. The longer this goes on, you will find more attention seekers, more lawyers who want to see their name in lights or give media inter-views and help their business, perhaps, I guess. I think it is completely unfair that Judge Kavanaugh has been made into a pinata. Opponents to this nominee and the media are practically gleeful at taking another whack at him, com-pletely oblivious to what they are put-ting this good man and his family and friends through. I have always supported Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. I did when he was nominated to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, and I do now because I know him to be an upstanding and well qualified individual. I first met him back in the year 2000, as I mentioned, preparing for an argu-ment before the U.S. Supreme Court, when I was Attorney General. I met Brett Kavanaugh because he was one of the best lawyers in Washington, DC, to help you get prepared to argue a case before the Supreme Court. But it is not just my experience with Brett Kavanaugh. Everybody who has practiced with him has said that. Condoleezza Rice, the former Secretary of State, who worked with him at the Bush White House, has said that. Other law professors and law clerks have said that. Hundreds of women who know him have said that. We know he has a brilliant legal mind, and we know his good work over the last 12 years on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. Many cases where he has written the opinion of the court have been adopted by the Supreme Court of the United States, essentially, as the law of the land. How do we know he will exercise the kind of care, temperament, and fair-ness that we would expect of a member of the U.S. Supreme Court? Because he already has for the last 12 years. He will judge those before him fairly and carefully. Judge Kavanaugh belongs on the Na-tion’s highest bench, and by the end of this week, it will be time to put him there. Enough is enough. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. UNITED STATES -MEXICO -CANADA AGREEMENT  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to speak about an announcement that occurred last night that an agreement had been reached to modernize the North Amer-ica Free Trade Agreement. The new agreement, named the ‘‘United States- Mexico-Canada Agreement’’ or ‘‘USMCA,’’ will bring this trade pact between our countries into the 21st century. Over the last year and a half, I have been working with my colleagues and others in the administration to make clear to President Trump, Ambassador Lighthizer, Secretary Ross, and my Senate colleagues of the importance of trade and exports—whether that was in meetings with the President and his Cabinet officials, through my sub-committee chairmanships, through speeches here on the Senate floor, or with many of my constituents in Kan-sas whose livelihoods depend on trade. I have written numerous letters to U.S. agricultural leaders and various agricultural organizations, followed up by speaking engagements across the country at the annual meetings of na-tional farm and ranch groups to rally producers to fight to preserve trade re-lationships with Canada and Mexico. I have spent a lot of time in Kansas at nearly 100 townhall meetings in the last 2 years attended by various agri-culture and commodity groups. I have talked to local media where folks are particularly interested at home about the issue of NAFTA and trade. In each of these instances, I was clear that withdrawing from NAFTA without a replacement agreement would be dev-astating to the Kansas economy. While NAFTA modernization was due to re-flect changes in the economy since its enactment almost 25 years ago, the agreement has been critical to growth in agricultural exports and has created countless manufacturing jobs in my State. As a result of NAFTA, Canada and Mexico are two export markets that account for approximately 39 percent of total exports from Kansas. We, as Kansans, sell more aerospace parts and products to Canada than anywhere in the world and more food and commod-ities to Mexico than anywhere in the world. Importantly, the new agreement in-cludes all three countries. As I con-veyed to the President when the bilat-eral U.S.-Mexico agreement was an-nounced, a final deal without Canada would be a significant step backward from the agreement in place today. I applaud President Trump for taking these concerns seriously and, while en-gaging in tough negotiations, recog-nizing the benefit of all three nations being included in the final agreement. The road ahead for this new agree-ment will not be easy. I am carefully reviewing the agreement’s details and look forward to additional economic analysis on the impact it would have— particularly on Kansas but on farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers across our country and, equally of importance, the impact upon their employees. Once the President signs the agree-ment, it will be up to Congress to con-sider and vote to approve the U.S.-Mex-ico-Canada Agreement—most likely next year. However, today farmers and ranchers are breathing a sigh of relief, as the announcement brings greater certainty at a time when producers are facing extended periods of low com-modity prices. Agricultural conditions in our State, due to drought and due to commodity prices and the uncertainty of export markets, are a significant challenge. Simply put, we produce more in this country than we can consume. Farm-ers, agricultural leaders, and com-modity groups spend their own time and money developing export markets. We have many checkoff programs de-signed to encourage the sale of agri-culture commodities from Kansas and the United States around the globe. Over a span of years and sometimes even decades, U.S. producers have built relationships with customers around the world based upon our ability to consistently deliver high-quality com-modities at competitive prices. This agreement ought to inspire confidence in our purchasers in Mexico and Can-ada, as well as around the world, that America will continue to be a reliable supplier of food and agricultural com-modities. Under the new agreement, all agri-cultural commodities that currently have duty-free access under NAFTA will continue. In addition, U.S. dairy producers who had a long, difficult time with Canada’s supply manage-ment system will enjoy greater market access to the Canadian market. A trilateral agreement is also crit-ical for aerospace, auto, and other manufacturers in Kansas who rely on an integrated North American supply chain. Withdrawing from NAFTA or ex-cluding Canada from the agreement would have disrupted markets and cost Kansas jobs. I am hopeful that negotiations will continue with Canada and Mexico to resolve section 232 steel and aluminum tariffs that have raised prices for Kan-sas manufacturers and their customers, as well as resulted in retaliation against U.S. producers, including pork producers in Kansas. While I come to the floor to com-mend an agreement being reached on modernizing NAFTA, we have a lot of work to do to resolve current trade dis-putes while building new export mar-kets. The trade dispute with China has harmed farmers and ranchers when they can least afford it. Producers have faced low prices and declining income for the better part of a decade. I re-main concerned that if we lose major export markets, we will see a prolonged downturn in the prices instead of the recovery that is so desperately needed and desired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.008 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6407 October 1, 2018 
Since the start of the trade dispute with China, soybean prices have fallen over $2 per bushel, which equates to Kansas farmers and grain handlers los-ing out on $378 million of possible rev-enue solely on soybeans. Kansas is the top sorghum-producing State in the Nation. About half of the sorghum produced in the country is ex-ported, with 90 percent of exports pre-viously going to China. It is estimated that the decline in sorghum prices due to China’s tariffs will result in about $87 of lost revenue per acre planted in Kansas. I have held two hearings to review the administration’s trade policies in the Appropriations subcommittee that I chair—Commerce, Justice, Science— including a hearing with Ambassador Lighthizer. These hearings offered me and my colleagues the opportunity to express directly to the administration the importance of trade and for me to express the importance of trade to Kansas. As chairman of the CJS Sub-committee, I look forward to con-tinuing to engage on the analysis and consideration of the U.S.-Mexico-Can-ada Agreement and other trade issues. The ability of Kansans to make a liv-ing depends on the opportunity to sell around the world what we grow and produce and manufacture, and I will continue to urge in the direction of more trade, not less. I will also keep working to meet with farmers, ranch-ers, manufacturers, commodities groups, agricultural leaders, and orga-nizations to make sure their voices are heard, and I will continue to be a com-ponent of the ongoing work to promote free and fair trade. I end my remarks by noting my ap-preciation to the administration offi-cials for working to make certain these markets remain available to Kansas farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers, providing them with some much needed certainty. I will further analyze the de-tails of this agreement, but I am pleased to say that last night’s an-nouncement is clearly a positive devel-opment. I thank the administration for their pursuit of a better NAFTA agree-ment and a conclusion that includes all three countries. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, last week, the Senate Judiciary Committee heard testimony from Dr. Christine Blasey Ford and Judge Brett Kavanaugh about Dr. Ford’s account of an attack on her by Judge Kavanaugh and a friend when they were all teen-agers. Dr. Ford acquitted herself with grace and courage in her recounting of the terrifying experience that has had a lasting effect on her life. In his own testimony, Judge Kavanaugh dropped the polite veneer he presented at his confirmation hear-ing when he complimented all of the Senators he had met with and had told the committee ‘‘the Supreme Court must never be viewed as a partisan in-stitution.’’ That was then. Last Thurs-day, he launched into a partisan polit-ical screed that contradicted every-thing he had ever professed to believe about the way judges should behave. He said: ‘‘This whole two-week effort has been a calculated and orchestrated political hit, fueled with apparent pent-up anger about President Trump and the 2016 election, a fear that has been unfairly stoked about my judicial record, revenge on behalf of the Clin-tons, and millions of dollars in money from outside left-wing opposition groups.’’ It reads like a fever dream, a para-noid fantasy. It is simply not true. It arguably violated the Code of Conduct for United States Judges that binds him as a sitting judge on the Federal appeals court for the DC Circuit. Dr. Ford’s own words undercut Judge Kavanaugh’s assertion that a vast left-wing conspiracy is out to get him. In her deeply moving testimony, Dr. Ford said: ‘‘I thought it was my civic duty to relay the information I had about Mr. Kavanaugh’s conduct so that those considering his nomination would know about this assault.’’ She went on: ‘‘My hope was that pro-viding the information confidentially would be sufficient to allow the Senate to consider Mr. Kavanaugh’s serious misconduct without having to make myself, my family, or anyone’s family vulnerable to the personal attacks and invasions of privacy we have faced since my name became public.’’ Dr. Ford was trying to do her civic duty. She was not motivated by re-venge on anyone’s behalf. She had no part in any organized opposition. She was not fueled by pent-up anger or re-sentment. In deciding to come forward, Dr. Ford was just a person who thought that if she could only let the President know what Brett Kavanaugh did to her, he would choose someone else. Yet Kavanaugh attacked and tried to turn Dr. Ford’s honest effort into some sort of a dark, ugly ambush. At least he didn’t accuse Dr. Ford of being part of the alleged conspiracy that sought to derail his nomination. In fact, when Senator BOOKER asked Judge Kavanaugh if he blamed Dr. Ford for a coordinated effort against him, Judge Kavanaugh said he bore Dr. Ford no ill will and that people in the hearing room, not Dr. Ford, were against him. We all saw something about Judge Kavanaugh’s temperament and char-acter that day that should disqualify him from serving on the Supreme Court of the United States. He was angry. He was belligerent. He was par-tisan. He went on the attack against the Senators who were questioning him. These are not qualities we look for in a Supreme Court Justice or in a judge for that matter. But don’t take it from me; listen to Judge Kavanaugh himself. In 2016, in the Catholic University Law Review, he wrote about the importance of judges steering clear of politics. He told his readers that ‘‘a good judge, like a good umpire, cannot act as a partisan.’’ He said that while it is good for some judges to come with a back-ground in politics or policy, ‘‘federal judges have to check any prior polit-ical allegiances at the door. You have to shed them.’’ Based on Judge Kavanaugh’s testimony last week, it certainly doesn’t sound like he has shed his partisan convictions and con-nections. In the same law review article, Judge Kavanaugh wrote: To be a good judge and a good umpire, it’s critical to have the proper demeanor. It’s im-portant to . . . keep our emotions in check and be calm amidst the storm. 
He is not wrong. Indeed, the Code of Conduct for United States Judges backs him up. Canon 2 of the code reads: 
A Judge Should Avoid Impropriety and the Appearance of Impropriety in All Activities. . . . A judge should respect and comply with the law and should act at all times in a man-ner that promotes public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the judiciary. 
It further explains in commentary: 
An appearance of impropriety occurs when reasonable minds . . . would conclude that the judge’s honesty, integrity, impartiality, temperament, or fitness to serve as a judge is impaired. Public confidence in the judici-ary is eroded by irresponsible or improper conduct by judges. 
Canon 3 explains that ‘‘a judge should be faithful to, and maintain pro-fessional competence in, the law and should not be swayed by partisan inter-ests, public clamor, or fear of criti-cism.’’ We need to consider the rules and norms that argue against the kind of intemperate behavior we saw from Judge Kavanaugh because of the alle-gations brought against him by several sources, all of which deserve a full and fair investigation by the FBI. I was heartened to see Senators F
LAKE and C OONS both in agreement to hold off on a floor vote for at least a week while the supplemental back-ground investigation can be completed to look into these allegations. Since the agreement, questions have arisen about the exact nature of that inves-tigation. Is it limited? If so, how? Will all leads be followed, or will the FBI be hamstrung in some way by instruc-tions from the White House? In the ensuing firestorm, there has been a lot of debate about whether the FBI investigation will be credible and professional and not a perfunctory ef-fort. There are some indications now that the FBI will be allowed to do its job. I hope that will be the case. I ex-pect the FBI to exhaust all possible avenues of investigation that are rel-evant as to whether Judge Kavanaugh had a pattern of drinking that resulted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.009 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6408 October 1, 2018 
in aggression and belligerence toward women. Some have said that Judge Kavanaugh deserves the benefit of the doubt and that unless Dr. Ford’s ac-count can be proven, he should be con-firmed, but that confuses the issue. No one is entitled to be on the Supreme Court. The burden should be on Judge Kavanaugh to show he is fit for the job. Now the Republicans’ hired gun pros-ecutor, whom they hid behind while Dr. Ford was questioned, has published a memo in which she concludes that she could not bring a case based on the evi-dence heard at the second hearing. Frankly, this conclusion is meaning-less. I am sure that in her previous job as a specialist in sex crimes, she would never have proceeded to a trial before an investigation, and she would not have excluded key witnesses. There was no investigation. Key witnesses were not called. I hope this is not the way she would prepare a case. I have said many times that Demo-crats didn’t need to manufacture rea-sons to oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s ele-vation to the Supreme Court. Based on his record, his opinions and dissents, his academic writings, and his speech-es, I have concluded that he will not be a fair and objective Justice of the Su-preme Court. His views on reproductive rights, Native rights, on legal protec-tions for workers, consumers, and the environment, not to mention his very broad views of Presidential protec-tions, are all of deep concern to me. Now that we have heard Dr. Ford’s account and have seen Judge Kavanaugh’s angry and combative re-action, it is evident that he should not serve and should not be confirmed to the Supreme Court. We can do better, and the American people deserve bet-ter. I yield the floor. 
f 
SPORTS MEDICINE LICENSURE CLARITY ACT OF 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, as in legislative ses-sion, the Senate will resume consider-ation of the House message to accom-pany H.R. 302, which the clerk will re-port. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany H.R. 302, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill. McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell amend-ment No. 4026 (to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate), to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 4027 (to amend-ment No. 4026), of a perfecting nature. McConnell motion to refer the House mes-sage to accompany the bill to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with instructions, McConnell amendment No. 4028, to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 4029 (the in-structions (amendment No. 4028) of the mo-tion to refer), of a perfecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 4030 (to amend-ment No. 4029), of a perfecting nature. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, 1 year has passed since 58 lives were cut short at the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival. Those wounded and killed that night had come together to have fun, to relax, and to celebrate their love of country music with their friends and families in my hometown of Las Vegas. Instead of a celebration, terror rained down on them that night. As Nevadans woke up to the news of what happened, many like me were shocked and heartbroken. We asked, how could this happen? I will never forget going to the fam-ily reunification center, where families were looking for their loved ones or were waiting for calls from the cor-oner, and I will never forget the par-ents I spoke to moments before their learning that their daughter, Melissa, didn’t make it. In the weeks following the 1 October massacre, Las Vegans demonstrated that we are a tight-knit family who rallies together in times of need. We heard stories of incredible bravery at the scene of the attack—a husband who died to protect his wife on the night they were celebrating their 23rd wed-ding anniversary; a former marine who turned a truck into a makeshift ambu-lance and drove more than two dozen people to the hospital; a couple who provided CPR to victims as bullets rained down; a mother who went into mamma bear mode and used her body as a shield to protect her children; hun-dreds of concert-goers who risked their lives while carrying fellow concert- goers to safety. All of our firefighters and police offi-cers in Southern Nevada, including the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Depart-ment, the Clark County School Dis-trict Police, the Las Vegas Fire De-partment, and the Clark County Fire Department, deserve our utmost thanks for their bravery on the night of the attack. They, along with Amer-ican Medical Response, MedicWest Am-bulance, Community Ambulance, the University Medical Center, Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center, the Val-ley Health System, Dignity Health, and all of the first responders in South-ern Nevada, went above and beyond the call of duty. On October 1, many of these brave men and women ran toward the bullets, putting their lives in grave danger be-cause they knew it was the only way to save people in need. Nurses and doctors worked all through the night, not just on October 1 but for months afterward to care for the wounded. Before dawn had even broken on Oc-tober 2, people in Las Vegas, Reno, and throughout the State had formed lines at blood banks. Many of the lines were so long they stretched out the door and around the block. The staff at United Blood Services worked tirelessly to process the donations and get the blood supply to our area hospitals. In the weeks that followed, Las Vegans held candlelight vigils. They donated food, coffee, water, and blan-kets to help the survivors and the vic-tims’ families. They constructed beau-tiful memorials that still stand as a testament to those taken and to pro-vide healing to every person impacted by events of that night. The Red Cross and the Department of Veterans Affairs stepped in to bring mobile units to our hospitals. The FBI and the Nevada Victims of Crime Program helped grieving fami-lies secure funds to cover funeral and travel costs. Our military community stepped in to provide critical support as well. Air-men from Nellis Air Force Base were present at the concert on the night of the shooting and helped evacuate attendees. Nellis medical professionals treated victims and helped saved lives while the military spouse community collected basic necessities for the sur-vivors and the victims’ families. Providers at the Las Vegas-based Be-havioral Bilingual Services were in-strumental in addressing immigration and language barriers for so many im-migrant survivors. The Clark County staff at the Vegas Strong Resiliency Center has been there for survivors every step of the way, advocating on their behalf and helping them find new jobs, getting them compensation for lost wages, and getting them the mental health care they need. Airlines like Allegiant and South-west and medical providers like Valley Health Systems, Medic West, and American Medical Response helped de-fray costs for the victims and their families. St. Rose Dominican Hospitals said that they would not bill or require pay-ment from any of the victims they treated, and United Health waived cost-sharing for victims so that they could get treatment for months after the tragedy with no out-of-pocket costs. The generosity didn’t end there. Peo-ple from all over the world donated more than $31 million to pay for basic necessities, medical bills, and funeral costs for the victims and their fami-lies. One year has passed since the events of October 1, 2017. I know for many in our community of Las Vegas, and for the hundreds of survivors, it feels as though they have been forgotten, but please know—please know—the sur-vivors and those who were taken will never be forgotten. We will always hold the names and stories of everyone affected by this tragedy in our hearts and in our minds. In Las Vegas, we are still healing. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.010 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6409 October 1, 2018 
are still grieving for the family mem-bers who are no longer with us—for sis-ters, brothers, mothers, fathers, cous-ins, nieces, nephews, aunts, and chil-dren we will never see again. We are still grieving for the survivors, whose lives will never be the same. I don’t believe perfect healing is pos-sible, but I do believe we can learn to adjust to the searing pain of tragedy. We do it through remembrance. Through remembrance, the people we love are never truly gone, as long as we are around to say their names or share a memory of them. Through remem-brance, the people and families who are still healing from their wounds are shown the love and comfort of our com-munity. Today, in remembrance of that awful night 1 year ago, let’s give thanks for the bravery and dedication of our first responders. Let’s continue to do every-thing we can to support those who are still struggling to recover from the emotional and physical wounds they sustained on October 1. Fifty-eight innocent lives ended on October 1, but thousands more were changed forever. We must keep the sur-vivors in our minds and in our hearts as they heal from their injuries, both visible and invisible, and get back on their feet. The Davis family lost their daughter Neysa on the night of the shooting. Neysa’s dream was that her three sons would graduate from college. They de-cided that the best way to heal their family and their community was to start an organization dedicated to ful-filling Neysa’s dream. I thank the Davis family for their resilience and their generosity. We must follow the Davis family’s example and continue to come together as a community. We must come to-gether, not just in Las Vegas but all throughout Nevada to bring healing, peace, and hope to everyone who was affected. Tonight, at 6:30 p.m., the city of Las Vegas will host a ceremony at the Las Vegas Community Healing Garden to dedicate a new remembrance wall. I en-courage everyone back home to try to attend this event or simply take a mo-ment to pause and reflect in honor of the victims and their families. In a few moments, I will read the names of everyone who was killed so that their names will be reserved in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . May God bless the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and everyone af-fected by this strategy. Today, we remember Austin Cooper Meyer, 24 years of age from Sparks, NV; Brennan Lee Stewart, 30, North Las Vegas, NV; Cameron Lee Robinson, 28, Las Vegas, NV; Charleston Hartfield, Henderson, NV, 34 years of age; Eric Steven Silva, 21 years old, Las Vegas, NV; Laura Anne Shipp, 50, Las Vegas, NV; Neysa Christine Tonks, 46, Las Vegas, NV; Quinton Joe Rob-bins, 20, Henderson, NV; Adrian Allan Murfitt, 35, Anchorage, AK; Dorene An-derson, 49, Anchorage, AK; Brett Erin Schwanbeck, 61, Bullhead City, AZ; An-drea Lee Anna Castilla, 28, Santa Ana, CA; Angela Christine Gomez, 20, River-side, CA; Austin William Davis, 29, Riv-erside, CA; Bailey Dee Schweitzer, 20, Bakersfield, CA; Brian Scott Fraser, 39, La Palma, CA; Candice Ryan Bowers, 40, Garden Grove, CA; Carrie Rae Barnette, 34, Riverside, CA; Christiana Mae Duarte, 22, Redondo Beach, CA; Christopher Hazencomb, 44, Camarillo, CA; Christopher Louis Roybal, 28, Co-rona, CA; Dana Leann Gardner, 52, Grand Terrace, CA; Denise Marie Cohen, 58, Carpinteria, CA; Derrick Dean Taylor, 56, Bonita, CA; Hannah Ahlers, 34, Beaumont, CA; Jack Regi-nald Beaton, 54, Bakersfield, CA; Jen-nifer Marie Parks, 35, Lancaster, CA; Jennifer Topaz Irvine, 42, San Diego, CA; John Joseph Phippen, 56, Santa Clarita, CA; Jordyn Nicole Rivera, 21, La Verne, CA; Kelsey Breanne Mead-ows, 28, Taft, CA; Keri Lynn Galvan, 31, Thousand Oaks, CA; Kurt Allen Von Tillow, 55, Cameron Park, CA; Lisa Marie Patterson, 46, Lomita, CA; Me-lissa Ramirez, 26, Littlerock, CA; Michelle Vo, 32, Marina del Rey, CA; Patricia Mestas, 67, Riverside, CA; Rachael Kathleen Parker, 33, Long Beach, CA; Rocio Guillen, 40, Corona, CA; Sandra Lee Casey, 35, Torrance, CA; Stacee Ann Etcheber, 50, Novato, CA; Susan Marie Smith, 53, Simi Val-ley, CA; Teresa Kimura, 38, Placentia, CA; Thomas Allen Day, Jr., 54, Corona, CA; Victor Lloyd Link, 55, Aliso Viejo, CA; Calla-Marie Medig, 28, Edmonton Alberta, Canada; Jessica Lynn Klymchuk, 34, Valleyview, Alberta, Canada; Jordan Alan McIldoon, 23, Maple Ridge, British Columbia, Can-ada; Tara Ann Roe, 34, Okotuks, Al-berta, Canada; Carly Anne Kreibaum, 33, Sutherland, IA; Rhonda LeRocque, 42, Tewksbury, MA; Stephen Richard Berger, 44, Excelsior, MN; Lisa Ro-mero-Muniz, 48, Gallup, NM; William Winfield Wolfe, Jr., 42, Newburg, PA; James Sonny Melton, 29, Big Sandy, TN; Heather Lorraine Alvarado, 35, Cedar City, UT; Carolyn Lee Parsons, 31, Seattle, WA; and Denise Brenna Burditus, 50, Martinsburg, WV. To the hundreds injured that night, those still recovering from the scars, visible and invisible, we stand with you. We have not forgotten. Thank you. I yield the floor. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the standing rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Sen-ate amendment to H.R. 302, an act to provide protections for certain sports medicine pro-fessionals who provide certain medical serv-ices in a secondary State. Mitch McConnell, Marco Rubio, Johnny Isakson, Orrin G. Hatch, Lamar Alex-ander, John Boozman, Jerry Moran, Mike Crapo, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, Todd Young, John Thune, Tim Scott, Deb Fischer, John Barrasso, Roy Blunt, Cory Gardner. The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 302, an act to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who pro-vide certain medical services in a sec-ondary State, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Sen-ator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 90, nays 7, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 219 Leg.] YEAS—90 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Kyl Lankford Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—7 
Barrasso Lee Markey Merkley Paul Toomey Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Flake Heller Nelson 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 90, the nays are 7. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Cloture having been invoked, the mo-tion to refer and the pending amend-ments thereto fall. The Senator from Ohio. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.012 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6410 October 1, 2018 
CINCINNATI SHOOTING Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, last month, we were reminded again of the important work journalists do in our communities, bringing Ohioans, Okla-homans, people from Kansas, or wher-ever the information they need in an unfolding crisis. In September, we got one of the worst news alerts any of us can imag-ine. There was an active shooter in Cincinnati. We hugged our loved ones a little tighter that night as we prayed for everyone affected by the latest senseless shooting that took the lives of three innocent Ohioans. We thank the first responders who rushed to the scene. We thank the law enforcement officers who have spent the week investigating. We thank ev-eryone caring for the injured. We also thank the local reporters who rushed to the scene, doing their job to keep our community informed in a crisis. Reporters gave Ohioans real-time in-formation online and on TV, imme-diately getting the word out to warn people to avoid the area where the shooter was active. They talked to law enforcement, and they talked to wit-nesses on the scene. From firsthand ac-counts, they established the first shots were heard just before 9:11 a.m. One reporter talked to a witness who told of the heroism of the Cincinnati police officer, saying he saw a lady down. A Cincinnati police officer dragged her out of the bank. She was talking. She was bleeding. Her shirt was red. It is yet another horrific scene among far too many we have endured in this country. At every one of these tragedies—every single one—coura-geous journalists and citizens of our country, not enemies of the people, are among the first on the scene. They tell us the stories behind the victims, and they help us honor the memories of those we have lost. After the incident is over, after the immediate danger has passed, reporters keep working, interviewing loved ones, giving us a full picture of what yet an-other shooting has cost our country. They reported that Cincinnati lost a father, a grandfather, and a son. They brought us stories of a young pro-grammer just getting started in his ca-reer whose life was cut short, of a fa-ther of two teenagers who will forever have to live with the scars of losing a parent, and of a grandfather of eight who helped build the Queen City as a construction supervisor. It is despicable that Congress refuses to pass commonsense gun safety laws to protect Americans from yet more gun violence. As these tragedies keep happening, we keep pressing for change. We will keep thanking law en-forcement and our medical profes-sionals who deal with the unthinkable of a mass shooting. We will keep thanking the reporters who are just doing their jobs—newspaper, radio, tel-evision, online—to bring us the facts and who deserve our respect no matter the comments of some people in elect-ed office. 
f 
CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, last week we learned from investigative re-porting that a senior political ap-pointee—a political appointee at the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, Eric Blankenstein, has written hateful, bigoted blog posts. This is a man handpicked for the job—and paid very well from tax dol-lars—by Mick Mulvaney, the head of the CFPB, the sort of part-time head of the CFPB. He is tasked with enforcing laws to protect consumers, laws pro-tecting Americans from discrimination and lending. The Consumer Protection Bureau is supposed to be on the frontlines, fight-ing for families getting ripped off by shady payday lenders and big banks. The person with Blankenstein’s job should be fighting and preventing the very real financial discrimination that everybody in this body knows happens all too often today in Ohio and Okla-homa and across this country. Instead, now, because of news re-ports, we know the person tasked with this job has written that most hate crimes ‘‘are hoaxes.’’ These blog posts are filled with disgusting, bigoted lan-guage that I will not repeat on the Sen-ate floor because we have a better de-corum than that and this language is so offensive. But this is the man Mick Mulvaney wants going after big banks that dis-criminate. How is it that the Director of Management and Budget failed to look into the background of such a sen-ior, well-paid political appointee? Plac-ing Blankenstein in charge of fair lend-ing was a moral mistake, a managerial failure, and he should be fired imme-diately. It has been a week now since reporters found those hateful writings. The fact that he is still in the job is a disgrace. The President should act; the CFPB head should act. We have seen no contrition from Blankenstein—no contrition from him, no apology for the hateful posts, no ac-knowledgement that these are totally inappropriate and immoral views for someone whose job it is at the agency to root out discrimination. How can you expect to lead a staff dedicated to that mission after these revelations, after this attitude, after expressing these kinds of views? There should be no place in the Consumer Protection Bureau for people who don’t believe discrimination is real or don’t believe discrimination is a serious problem. Too many Americans are turned down for loans or charged higher rates based on the color of their skin. We know that. That is proven. That is doc-umented. A report this year from the Center for Investigative Reporting analyzed tens of millions of mortgage records. They found that across the country, people of color are far more likely to be turned down for a loan, even when you take into account factors like their income and the size of the loan. Someone who is African American or Latino with the same income, the same size of loan, the same financial infor-mation—the person of color is more likely to be turned down than the per-son who looks like me. In the runup to the 2008 crisis, faulty mortgages were often targeted—we know this—to people of color. Even Af-rican-American and Hispanic borrowers with higher incomes than other bor-rowers found themselves in subprime products, and then they had to pay for it later. These practices of discrimina-tion stripped—stripped—a generation’s worth of equity from communities that had fought hard for equal access to home ownership. Borrowers with these higher cost loans were foreclosed on at almost tri-ple the rate of borrowers with standard 30-year fixed rates—almost triple the rate. It is important, when you talk about statistics and you think about these foreclosures, to think about the family that is foreclosed on, to think about the conversations at the kitchen table, to think about the discussion with sons or daughters who are teenagers about what is going to happen to them in school, changes in the school that they are going to go to, the different neigh-borhood, the different sets of friends. All of these are about foreclosures. All of these are about evictions, and that is just in the housing market. We know discrimination is a serious problem in all sorts of lending mar-kets. It is why we created the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, to look after bank customers, to root out discrimination. But under Mick Mulvaney, the agen-cy has been doing the opposite. Rather than policing shady corporations try-ing to get away with ripping off and discriminating against consumers, Mulvaney gutted the office of the CFPB that was supposed to stop dis-crimination in lending. He disbanded the team that protected student loan borrowers. He canceled an investiga-tion into the payday lending industry that preys on consumers and traps them in a downward spiral of debt. He exhorted a group of bank lobbyists say-ing: You have to lobby harder. You have to go to people; you have to give campaign money so that they will lis-ten to you. He has hired a bunch of political cro-nies, people like Eric Blankenstein, and has given them enormous salaries to run the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau into the ground, and we now know specifically of one. The abuses look pretty common, but we know of one—again, Eric Blankenstein—who has a history of spewing disgusting, bigoted views. He is still collecting a $260,000 paycheck from taxpayers. That is unacceptable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.017 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6411 October 1, 2018 
It is past time that Eric Blankenstein—I don’t think I have ever gone to the floor and personally called out somebody and their salary and asked that they be fired, but when he has these kinds of positions and this kind of background and has spewed this kind of hatred, and we are paying him $260,000 of taxpayer money, that is morally outrageous. Mick Mulvaney, do your job. Presi-dent Trump, do your job. He should not be employed there. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate engage in its routine legislative wrapup as in morning business during today’s session of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
BUDGET ENFORCEMENT LEVELS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 251 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, BBEDCA, establishes statutory limits on discre-tionary spending and allows for various adjustments to those limits. In addi-tion, sections 302 and 314(a) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 allow the chairman of the Budget Committee to establish and make revisions to alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels consistent with those adjustments. The Senate will soon consider the House amendment to H.R. 302, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. Among other things, this amendment provides emergency funding to respond to re-cent natural disasters. The amendment would increase budget authority by $1,680 million and outlays by $25 mil-lion in fiscal year 2019. The amendment includes language that would designate its spending as emergency pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Deficit Control Act of 1985. The inclusion of this designation makes this spending eligible for an ad-justment under the Congressional Budget Act. As a result, I am increasing the budg-etary aggregate for fiscal year 2019 by $1,680 million in budget authority and $25 million in outlays. Further, I am revising the budget authority and out-lay allocations to the Appropriations Committee by $1,680 million in revised nonsecurity budget authority and $25 million in outlays for fiscal year 2019. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES 
(Pursuant to Sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $ in millions 2019 
Current Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ..................................................... 3,617,479 Outlays .................................................................... 3,546,394 Adjustments: Budget Authority ..................................................... 1,680 Outlays .................................................................... 25 Revised Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ..................................................... 3,619,159 Outlays .................................................................... 3,546,419 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
(Pursuant to Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $ in millions 2019 
Current Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 715,835 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 598,897 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,352,785 Adjustments: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 1,680 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 25 Revised Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 715,835 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 600,577 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,352,810 
Memorandum: Detail of Adjustments Made Above Regular OCO Program Integrity Disaster Relief Emergency Total 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................. 0 0 0 0 0 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... .................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 1,680 1,680 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 25 25 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO ETHEL EDNA TILLEY ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and extend my sin-cerest congratulations and happy birthday wishes to Ethel Edna Tilley, who celebrates her 100th birthday on October 19. Ethel, who likes to go by Edna, was born in Ramsgate, England, in 1918 and immigrated to the United States with her mother and sister when she was 8 years old. Her father worked for 3 years in America before their family joined him and settled in Everett, MA. Edna met her husband Charlie at the County Road Church in Chelsea, MA. They later married in the same church, while Charlie was home on leave during his service in World War II. After the war, they moved to Saugus, MA, where they raised their two children, Geral-dine and Robert. At 40 years old, Edna fulfilled her lifelong dream and became a teacher. Together with her husband, Edna re-modeled the first floor of their home and opened the Country Kindergarten. Her kindergarten became a nursery school and daycare center serving hun-dreds of children for 22 years. She retired from teaching only to go back to work 2 years later, at the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service in Durham, NH. Throughout her life, Edna also served as a Sunday school teacher, a Sunday school super-intendent, a factory worker, and a key- punch operator at a bank. Addition-ally, Edna taught dance classes with her husband before he passed away in 1996. Today, Edna lives in Fremont, NH. She loves to paint, and she gives away items she makes to friends and family. She has four grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. Her family de-scribes her as kind, generous, and pure in heart. I hope you join me, Edna’s friends and family, and many people across the Granite State in wishing Ethel Edna Tilley a very happy 100th birthday. ∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING RECESS 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on September 28, 2018, during the recess of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY ) had signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 6897. An act to extend the authoriza-tions of Federal aviation programs, to ex-tend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bill was signed on September 28, 2018, during the recess of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. M
CCONNELL ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.018 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6412 October 1, 2018 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 2269. An act to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years. S. 3354. An act to amend the Missing Chil-dren’s Assistance Act, and for other pur-poses. S. 3509. An act to reauthorize the Congres-sional Award Act. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: 
H.R. 68. An act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to reauthorize the Juvenile Accountability Block Grant program, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5791. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9609 South University Boulevard in High-lands Ranch, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sher-iff Zackari Spurlock Parrish, Ill, Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5792. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 North 4th Avenue in Brighton, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘Detective Heath McDonald Gumm Post Office’’. H.R. 6014. An act to reauthorize the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act. H.R. 6591. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 South Kirkman Road in Orlando, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Napoleon ’Nap’ Ford Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6760. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act affecting individuals, families, and small businesses. H.R. 6780. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7521 Paula Drive in Tampa, Florida, as the ‘‘Major Andreas O’Keeffe Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 6870. An act to rename the Stop Trad-ing on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012 in honor of Representative Louise McIntosh Slaughter. H.R. 6886. An act to amend title 10, United States Code, to modify the requirement for certain former members of the Armed Forces to enroll in Medicare Part B to be eligible for TRICARE for Life, and to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of certain DNA specimen prove-nance assay tests under the Medicare pro-gram. H.R. 6896. An act to provide for the contin-ued performance of the functions of the United States Parole Commission, and for other purposes. H.R. 6964. An act to reauthorize and im-prove the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 1311. An act to provide assistance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 1312. An act to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States. The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 2152. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for vic-tims of child pornography, and for other pur-poses. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 6) to provide for opioid use disorder pre-vention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate. The message also announced that pursuant to section 1 of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board Act (2 U.S.C. 154), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker ap-points the following individuals on the part of the House of Representatives to the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board for a 5-year term: Mr. Lawrence Peter Fisher of Chevy Chase, Maryland and Mr. Gregory Paul Ryan of Hillsborough, California. The message further announced that pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 2004(b), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Trust-ees of the Harry S. Truman Scholar-ship Foundation: Ms. G
RANGER of Texas. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 68. An act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to reauthorize the Juvenile Accountability Block Grant program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 5791. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9609 South University Boulevard in High-lands Ranch, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sher-iff Zackari Spurlock Parrish, III, Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5792. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 North 4th Avenue in Brighton, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘Detective Heath McDonald Gumm Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 6591. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 South Kirkman Road in Orlando, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Napoleon ‘Nap’ Ford Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 6760. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act affecting individuals, families, and small businesses; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 6780. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7521 Paula Drive in Tampa, Florida, as the ‘‘Major Andreas O’Keeffe Post Office Build-ing’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 6870. An act to rename the Stop Trad-ing on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012 in honor of Representative Louise McIntosh Slaughter; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 6886. An act to amend title 10, United States Code, to modify the requirement for certain former members of the Armed Forces to enroll in Medicare Part B to be eligible for TRICARE for Life, and to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of certain DNA specimen prove-nance assay tests under the Medicare pro-gram; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 6896. An act to provide for the contin-ued performance of the functions of the United States Parole Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. f ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, October 1, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 2554. An act to ensure that health insur-ance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain information to enrollees. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6710. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; California; San Diego County Air Pollution Control Dis-trict’’ (FRL No. 9982–44–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–6711. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; Plan Submittals for the 2008 Ozone National Am-bient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9984– 17–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6712. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Iowa; Approval of the State Implementation Plan and the Op-erating Permits Program’’ (FRL No. 9983–66– Region 7) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6713. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Maine; Infrastruc-ture State Implementation Plan Require-ments for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9984–61–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6714. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; MS; Section 128 Board Requirements for Infrastructure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.006 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6413 October 1, 2018 
SIPs’’ (FRL No. 9984–53–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–6715. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; TN; Revisions to Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9984–89–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6716. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Delaware; Update to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9983–49–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6717. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9983–57–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6718. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New York; Determination of Attainment of the 2008 8- Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard for the Jamestown, New York Mar-ginal Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9984– 81–Region 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6719. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New Jersey; Elements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9984–58–Region 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6720. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Missouri Air Quality Im-plementation Plans; Infrastructure SIP Re-quirements for the 2012 Annual Fine Particu-late Matter (PM2.5) National Ambient Air Quality Standard Interstate Transport’’ (FRL No. 9983–77–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 27, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6721. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ (FRL No. 9983–82) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6722. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modification of Ef-fective Date Provision of Rev. Proc. 2018–29’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–49) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6723. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of the Phase-in Period for the Enforcement and Ad-ministration of Section 871(m)’’ (Notice 2018– 72) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6724. A communication from the Execu-tive Director of the National Advisory Com-mittee on Institutional Quality and Integ-rity, Office of Postsecondary Education, De-partment of Education, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the fiscal year 2017 annual report of the National Advisory Committee on In-stitutional Quality and Integrity; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget To-tals for Fiscal Year 2019’’ (Rept. No. 115–340). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 435. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian Famine of 1932–1933, known as the Holodomor, should serve as a re-minder of repressive Soviet policies against the people of Ukraine. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment and with a preamble: S. Res. 481. A resolution calling upon the leadership of the Government of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea to dis-mantle its labor camp system, and for other purposes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 602. A resolution supporting the agreement between Prime Minister Tsipras of Greece and Prime Minister Zaev of Mac-edonia to resolve longstanding bilateral dis-putes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 634. A resolution commemorating the 70th anniversary of the Berlin Airlift and honoring the veterans of Operation Vittles. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 3533. A bill to amend the Wild and Sce-nic Rivers Act to designate certain river seg-ments within the Wood-Pawcatuck water-shed as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mrs. CAPITO: S. 3534. A bill to redesignate the New River Gorge National River in the State of West Virginia as the ‘‘New River Gorge National Park’’; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. MERKLEY , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 3535. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to clarify the treatment of technical errors in applications for Federal TRIO programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. Res. 663. A resolution recognizing the 40th anniversary of the first delivery of the Sikorsky UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter to the Army; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. M URPHY ): S. Res. 664. A resolution designating Octo-ber 8, 2018, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 281, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per-country numerical limitation for employment-based immigrants, to in-crease the per-country numerical limi-tation for family-sponsored immi-grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 322, a bill to protect vic-tims of domestic violence, sexual as-sault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.015 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6414 October 1, 2018 
S. 794 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 794, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to im-prove the process whereby Medicare ad-ministrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1303 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1303, a bill to prohibit discrimination in adoption or foster care placements based on the sexual orientation, gender identity, or marital status of any prospective adoptive or foster parent, or the sexual orientation or gender identity of the child in-volved. 
S. 1364 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1364, a bill to establish within the Smithsonian Institution the National Museum of the American Latino, and for other purposes. 
S. 2095 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2095, a bill to regulate assault weapons, to ensure that the right to keep and bear arms is not unlimited, and for other purposes. 
S. 2364 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2364, a bill to amend the Water Infrastructure Finance and In-novation Act of 2014 to provide to State infrastructure financing authorities additional opportunities to receive loans under that Act to support drink-ing water and clean water State revolv-ing funds to deliver water infrastruc-ture to communities across the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2852 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2852, a bill to reauthorize certain programs under the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reau-thorization Act. 
S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2971, a bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to prohibit animal fighting in the United States territories. 
S. 3377 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3377, a bill to require the purchase of certain items related to national se-curity according to certain criteria. 
S. 3507 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. TESTER ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3507, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to prescribe regula-tions providing that a presumption of service connection is warranted for a disease with a positive association with exposure to a herbicide agent, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 3533. A bill to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain river segments within the Wood- Pawcatuck watershed as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am introducing, along with my colleagues Senator W
HITEHOUSE , Senator B
LUMENTHAL , and Senator M URPHY , legislation to designate river segments within the Wood-Pawcatuck watershed as part of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System. Following more than three years of intense study, this legislation would formally recognize the recreational, natural, and historical qualities of por-tions of the Beaver, Chipuxet, Green Fall-Ashaway, Pawcatuck, Queen- Usquepaugh, Shunock, and Wood Riv-ers in Rhode Island and Connecticut while providing access to Federal re-sources and promoting strong partner-ships for their restoration and protec-tion. The Wood-Pawcatuck watershed is a national treasure that not only holds natural and scenic value, but is also an important economic driver for the area. Indeed, the twelve local river communities experience direct eco-nomic benefits from their proximity to these rivers through increased recre-ation and tourism. The watershed pro-vides a range of opportunities for visi-tors, from viewing early industrial mill ruins, to trout fishing, to bird watch-ing, to kayaking. I have long been a supporter of pro-tecting and restoring these rivers, which is why I sponsored the Wood- Pawcatuck Watershed Protection Act in 2013. The study that was initiated by that legislation has been a critical tool for bringing together stakeholders from Rhode Island and Connecticut in-cluding representatives from State agencies, local governments, and con-servation groups in order to develop a collaborative path forward. The result-ing stewardship plan, which was for-mally adopted by the study committee and supported by all twelve local river communities, builds upon currently ex-isting efforts to preserve and manage the river ecosystems while also consid-ering what steps will need to be taken collectively in the future to protect them. I would like to commend Representa-tives LANGEVIN , CICILLINE , and C OURT -
NEYfor introducing companion legisla-tion. It is particularly fitting this week, as we commemorate the 50th an-niversary of the landmark Wild and Scenic Rivers Act, that we are con-tinuing our work to protect these spe-cial places. I look forward to working with all of my colleagues to pass this legislation so that we can preserve the rivers of the Wood-Pawcatuck water-shed for the enjoyment of future gen-erations. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 663—RECOG-NIZING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FIRST DELIVERY OF THE SIKORSKY UH–60 BLACK HAWK HELICOPTER TO THE ARMY Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 663 Whereas, on March 5, 1923, Sikorsky was founded by aircraft engineer Igor Sikorsky, an immigrant to the United States who was born in Kiev, Ukraine; Whereas, in 1955, Sikorsky opened its doors in Stratford, Connecticut; Whereas the UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter was designed to be the primary medium-lift helicopter for the Army, with revolutionary design features for combat helicopters, in-cluding— (1) the ability to absorb high-impact ve-locities by means of— (A) a self-sealing fuel system; (B) crash-resistant stroking crew seats; and (C) high energy-absorbing landing gear; (2) low detectability; (3) highly capable nap-of-the-earth flight; (4) tolerance to small arms fire up to me-dium-caliber projectiles; (5) hardened flight controls; and (6) redundant avionics and hydraulic sys-tems; Whereas the primary mission of the UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter is as a troop carrier and a logistical support aircraft for air as-sault missions, but the aircraft may be out-fitted to execute medical and casualty evac-uation, search and rescue, command and con-trol, armed escort, electronic warfare, exter-nal lift, firefighting, and executive transport or VIP missions; Whereas, on October 31, 1978, the first pro-duction UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter was delivered to the Army, and 2018 marks the 40th anniversary of that historic event; Whereas, beginning in 1976 and ending in 1989, the UH–60A model Black Hawk was in uninterrupted production; Whereas the UH–60A model Black Hawk was replaced at the end of the 1980s by the more powerful UH–60L model Black Hawk, which was replaced by the even more ad-vanced UH–60M model Black Hawk in 2007; Whereas, since 1978, Sikorsky has delivered more than 2,300 UH–60 Black Hawk heli-copters to the Army, making the UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter the backbone of Army aviation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.011 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6415 October 1, 2018 
Whereas, as of April 2018, more than 4,000 H–60 Black Hawk helicopters of all models are in service worldwide in all branches of the Armed Forces and the armed forces of 28 other countries; Whereas, as of April 2018, UH–60 Black Hawk helicopters have flown nearly 10,000,000 flight hours, more than 2,000,000 of which have been in combat; Whereas the 1,000th UH–60M model Black Hawk helicopter will be delivered in October 2018, which highlights the importance that warfighters of the United States place in this venerable aircraft; Whereas, for 40 years since 1978, the re-markable UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter has— (1) fought its way in and out of countless combat zones to deliver and extract troops; (2) saved thousands of lives as a medical or casualty evacuation platform; (3) provided critical supplies to troops; (4) delivered emergency supplies during natural disasters and humanitarian crises; and (5) performed as an aerial firefighter and border patroller; Whereas approximately 4,000 workers in the United States support the UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter program, including in roles of final assembly, paint, engineering, fi-nance, program management, and contracts; Whereas the UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter program has significant presence throughout the United States, including in the States of Alabama, Alaska, California, Connecticut, Georgia, Kentucky, New York, North Caro-lina, Texas, and Virginia and; Whereas Sikorsky is committed to the modernization and sustainment of the UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter program since the Army plans to operate the UH–60M Black Hawk helicopter into the 2070s: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the 40th anniversary of the first delivery of the Sikorsky UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter to the Army; (2) commends Sikorsky for its commit-ment to— (A) developing premier rotorcraft such as the UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter; and (B) the modernization and sustainment of the UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter into the 2070s; and (3) pledges robust and continued congres-sional support for the UH–60 Black Hawk helicopter. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 664—DESIG-NATING OCTOBER 8, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL HYDROGEN AND FUEL CELL DAY’’ Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P
ORTMAN , and Mr. M URPHY ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 664 Whereas hydrogen, which has an atomic mass of 1.008, is the most abundant chemical substance in the universe; Whereas the United States is a world lead-er in the development and deployment of fuel cell and hydrogen technologies; Whereas hydrogen fuel cells played an in-strumental role in the United States space program, helping the United States achieve the mission of landing a man on the moon; Whereas private industry, Federal and State governments, national laboratories, and institutions of higher education con-tinue to improve fuel cell and hydrogen tech-nologies to address the most pressing energy, environmental, and economic issues of the United States; Whereas fuel cells utilizing hydrogen and hydrogen-rich fuels to generate electricity are clean, efficient, and resilient tech-nologies being sold for stationary and backup power, zero-emission light duty motor vehicles and buses, industrial vehi-cles, and portable power; Whereas stationary fuel cells are being placed in service for continuous and backup power to provide business and energy con-sumers with reliable power in the event of grid outages; Whereas stationary fuel cells can help re-duce water use, as compared to traditional power generation technologies; Whereas fuel cell electric light duty motor vehicles and buses that utilize hydrogen can completely replicate the experience of inter-nal combustion vehicles, including com-parable range and refueling times; Whereas hydrogen fuel cell industrial vehi-cles are being deployed at logistical hubs and warehouses across the United States and ex-ported to facilities in Europe and Asia; Whereas hydrogen is a nontoxic gas that can be derived from a variety of domesti-cally available traditional and renewable re-sources, including solar, wind, biogas, and the abundant supply of natural gas in the United States; Whereas hydrogen and fuel cells can store energy to help enhance the grid and maxi-mize opportunities to deploy renewable en-ergy; Whereas the United States produces and uses more than 11,000,000 metric tons of hy-drogen per year; and Whereas engineers and safety code and standard professionals have developed con-sensus-based protocols for safe delivery, han-dling, and use of hydrogen: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate designates Octo-ber 8, 2018, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day’’. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4031. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 302, to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4031. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 302, to provide protec-tions for certain sports medicine pro-fessionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV of divi-sion B, add the following: 
SEC. ll. IMPROVING THE ESSENTIAL AIR SERV-ICE PROGRAM. 
Section 41731 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN LOCATIONS  W
ITHHIGHMILITARY USE.—Subparagraph (D) of subsection (a)(1) shall not apply with re-spect to any location that— ‘‘(1) is certified under part 139 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(2) is not owned by the Federal govern-ment; and ‘‘(3) for which not less than 10 percent of airport operations in 2017 were by aircraft of the Armed Forces.’’. STB INFORMATION SECURITY IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4921 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4921) to require the Surface Transportation Board to implement certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4921) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
NATIONAL HYDROGEN AND FUEL CELL DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 664, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 664) designating Octo-ber 8, 2018, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 664) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, and in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Senate Com-mittee on Finance, pursuant to Public Law 103–296, appoints the following in-dividual as a member of the Social Se-curity Advisory Board: Robert Charles Joondeph of Oregon. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.019 S01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6416 October 1, 2018 
Senate completes its business today, it recess until 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 2; that following the prayer and pledge, the Executive Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and the Senate recess tomorrow from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings; further, that notwithstanding rule XXII, all time during leader time and recess count postcloture on the House message to accompany H.R. 302. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RECESS UNTIL TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask that it stand in recess under the previous order. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:39 p.m. recessed until Tuesday, October 2, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.021 S01OCPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1351 October 1, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Oc-tober 2, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
OCTOBER 3 9:30 a.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine patient-fo-cused care, focusing on a prescription to reduce health care costs. SD–562 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine implemen-tation of positive train control. SR–253 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Steven Dillingham, of Vir-ginia, to be Director of the Census, and Michael Kubayanda, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission. SD–342 2:15 p.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s implementation of sound and transparent science in regulation. SD–406 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security To hold hearings to examine protecting United States amateur athletes, focus-ing on examining abuse prevention ef-forts across the Olympic movement. SR–253 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee on Children and Families To hold hearings to examine rare dis-eases, focusing on expediting treat-ments for patients. SD–430 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 664, to approve the settlement of the water rights claims of the Navajo in Utah, to authorize construction of projects in connection therewith, and H.R. 5317, to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Stat-utes to remove the prohibition on cer-tain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine Gov-ernment Accountability Office reports relating to broadband internet avail-ability on tribal lands. SD–628 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold an oversight hearing to examine the enforcement of the antitrust laws. SD–226 Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine expanding opportunities for small businesses through the tax code. SR–428A OCTOBER 4 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, focusing on regulator and law enforcement perspectives on reform. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine broadband, focusing on opportunities and chal-lenges in rural America. SR–253 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Eric George Nelson, of Texas, to be Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Department of State. SD–419 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 OCTOBER 10 8:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine threats to the homeland. SD–342 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine United States Air Force readiness. SR–222 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations. SD–226 
POSTPONEMENTS 
OCTOBER 3 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine big bank bankruptcy, focusing on 10 years after Lehman Brothers. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M01OC8.000 E01OCPT1
D1088 Monday, October 1, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
(Legislative Day of Friday, September 28, 2018) 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6401–S6416 Measures Introduced: Three bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3533–3535, and S. Res. 663–664.
                                                       Page S6413 
Measures Reported: S. Res. 481, calling upon the leadership of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to dismantle its labor camp system, with an amendment. S. Res. 602, supporting the agreement between Prime Minister Tsipras of Greece and Prime Min-ister Zaev of Macedonia to resolve longstanding bi-lateral disputes, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 634, commemorating the 70th anniversary of the Berlin Airlift and honoring the veterans of Operation Vittles, and with an amended preamble. 
                                                                                            Page S6413 
Measures Passed: STB Information Security Improvement Act: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4921, to require the Surface Transportation Board to implement certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transpor-tation, and the bill was then passed.
               Page S6415 
National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 664, designating October 8, 2018, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day’’. 
                                                                                            Page S6415 
House Messages: Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act—Agree-ment: Senate resumed consideration of the amend-ment of the House of Representatives to the amend-ment of the Senate to H.R. 302, to provide protec-tions for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State, taking action on the following motions and amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                 Pages S6408–16 Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
                                                                           Pages S6408–16 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 4026 (to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate), to change the en-actment date.
                                                       Pages S6408–16 
McConnell Amendment No. 4027 (to Amend-ment No. 4026), of a perfecting nature. 
                                                                                    Pages S6408–16 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 90 yeas to 7 nays (Vote No. 219), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill.
                           Page S6409 
McConnell motion to refer the House message to accompany the bill to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 4028, to change the en-actment date, fell when cloture was invoked on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
                                                                           Pages S6408–09 
McConnell Amendment No. 4029 (the instruc-tions (Amendment No. 4028) of the motion to refer), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the House message to accompany the bill to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 4028 (listed above) fell. 
                                                                                    Pages S6408–09 
McConnell Amendment No. 4030 (to Amend-ment No. 4029), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 4029 (the instructions (Amendment No. 4028) of the motion to refer) (list-ed above) fell.
                                                      Pages S6408–09 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, all time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01OC8.REC D01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1089 October 1, 2018 
during Leader time and recess count post-cloture on the House message to accompany the bill. 
                                                                                    Pages S6415–16 
Appointments: Social Security Advisory Board: The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, and in consulta-tion with the Ranking Member of the Senate Com-mittee on Finance, pursuant to Public Law 103–296, appointed the following individual as a member of the Social Security Advisory Board: Robert Charles Joondeph of Oregon vice Bernadette Franks-Ongoy. 
                                                                                            Page S6415 
Kavanaugh Nomination: Senate resumed consider-ation of the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
                          Pages S6401–16 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S6411–12 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6412 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S6412 Executive Communications:                     Pages S6412–13 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6413–14 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S6414 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S6411 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S6415 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—219)
                                                                Page S6409 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and re-cessed at 6:39 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Octo-ber 2, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S6415–16.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in Pro Forma Session at 12:30 p.m. on Tuesday, October 2, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1066) 
H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. Signed on September 28, 2018. (Public Law 115–245) H.R. 589, to establish Department of Energy pol-icy for science and energy research and development programs, and reform National Laboratory manage-ment and technology transfer programs. Signed on September 28, 2018. (Public Law 115–246) H.R. 1109, to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act. Signed on September 28, 2018. (Public Law 115–247) S. 97, to enable civilian research and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies by private and public institutions, to expand theoretical and practical knowledge of nuclear physics, chemistry, and materials science. Signed on September 28, 2018. (Public Law 115–248) S. 994, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affiliation. Signed on September 28, 2018. (Public Law 115–249) H.R. 6897, to extend the authorizations of Federal aviation programs, to extend the funding and ex-penditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund. Signed on September 29, 2018. (Public Law 115–250) S. 3479, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. Signed on September 29, 2018. (Public Law 115–251) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01OC8.REC D01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1090 October 1, 2018 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine implementation of the Eco-nomic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protec-tion Act, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business meeting to consider S. 32 and H.R. 857, bills to provide for conservation and enhanced recreation activities in the California Desert Conservation Area, S. 90 and H.R. 428, bills to survey the gradient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, S. 414, to promote conservation, improve public land management, and pro-vide for sensible development in Pershing County, Ne-vada, S. 441, to designate the Organ Mountains and other public land as components of the National Wilder-ness Preservation System in the State of New Mexico, S. 483, to designate and expand wilderness areas in Olympic National Forest in the State of Washington, and to des-ignate certain rivers in Olympic National Forest and Olympic National Park as wild and scenic rivers, S. 569, to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the effectiveness of the Fund for future generations, S. 685, to authorize the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System and the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System in the States of Montana and North Dakota, S. 785, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to pro-vide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native vet-erans, S. 884, to amend the Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1993 to require the Bureau of Land Manage-ment to provide a claimant of a small miner waiver from claim maintenance fees with a period of 60 days after written receipt of 1 or more defects is provided to the claimant by registered mail to cure the 1 or more defects or pay the claim maintenance fee, S. 941, to withdraw certain National Forest System land in the Emigrant Crevice area located in the Custer Gallatin National For-est, Park County, Montana, from the mining and mineral leasing laws of the United States, S. 966, to establish a program to accurately document vehicles that were sig-nificant in the history of the United States, S. 1012, to provide for drought preparedness measures in the State of New Mexico, S. 1149, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to repeal a provision limiting the export of timber harvested from land conveyed to the Kake Tribal Corporation under that Act, S. 1219, to pro-vide for stability of title to certain land in the State of Louisiana, S. 1403, to amend the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 to establish the 21st Century Conservation Serv-ice Corps to place youth and veterans in national service positions to conserve, restore, and enhance the great out-doors of the United States, S. 1481, to make technical corrections to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, S. 1522 and H.R. 3186, bills to establish an Every Kid Outdoors program, S. 1548, to designate certain land ad-ministered by the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wilderness and national recreation areas and to make additional wild and scenic river designations in the State of Oregon, S. 1572 and H.R. 3279, bills to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to provide that extraction of helium from gas produced under a Federal mineral lease shall maintain the lease as if the helium were oil and gas, S. 1787, to reauthorize the National Geologic Mapping Act of 1992, S. 1926 and H.R. 2156, bills to provide for the establishment of a national memorial and national monument to com-memorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, S. 1987 and H.R. 2600, bills to provide for the conveyance to the State of Iowa of the reversionary interest held by the United States in certain land in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, S. 2062, to require the Secretary of Agriculture to convey at market value certain National Forest System land in the State of Ari-zona, S. 2078 and H.R. 4257, bills to maximize land management efficiencies, promote land conservation, gen-erate education funding, S. 2160, to establish a pilot pro-gram under the Chief of the Forest Service may use alter-native dispute resolution in lieu of judicial review of cer-tain projects, S. 2166 and H.R. 4465, bills to maintain annual base funding for the Upper Colorado and San Juan fish recovery programs through fiscal year 2023, to re-quire a report on the implementation of those programs, S. 2249, to permanently reauthorize the Rio Puerco Man-agement Committee and the Rio Puerco Watershed Man-agement Program, S. 2290, to improve wildfire manage-ment operations and the safety of firefighters and commu-nities with the best available technology, S. 2297, to di-rect the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain Na-tional Forest System land to Custer County, South Da-kota, S. 2560, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a program to facilitate the transfer to non- Federal ownership of appropriate reclamation projects or facilities, S. 2809, to establish the San Rafael Swell West-ern Heritage and Historic Mining National Conservation Area in the State of Utah, to designate wilderness areas in the State, to provide for certain land conveyances, S. 2831 and H.R. 5751, bills to redesignate Golden Spike National Historic Site and to establish the Trans-continental Railroad Network, S. 2870, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the site known as ‘‘Amache’’ in the State of Col-orado, S. 2876, to amend the National Trails System Act to provide for the study of the Pike National Historic Trail, S. 2889 and H.R. 4895, bills to establish the Medgar Evers Home National Monument in the State of Mississippi, S. 2968, to amend the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 to clarify whistleblower rights and protec-tions, S. 3001 and H.R. 6040, bills to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to convey certain land and facilities of the Central Valley Project, S. 3088, to amend the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Secretary of En-ergy to establish a program to prepare veterans for careers in the energy industry, including the solar, wind, cyber-security, and other low-carbon emissions sectors or zero- emissions sectors of the energy industry, S. 3172, to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01OC8.REC D01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1091 October 1, 2018 Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the mainte-nance backlog of the National Park Service, S. 3176 and H.R. 5979, bills to establish the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, S. 3245, to require the Sec-retary of Agriculture to transfer certain National Forest System land in the State of Texas, S. 3287 and H.R. 5655, bills to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage Na-tional Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, H.R. 132, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and appur-tenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Ar-buckle Master Conservancy District, H.R. 1967, to amend the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to authorize pumped storage hydropower development utilizing mul-tiple Bureau of Reclamation reservoirs, H.R. 2075, to ad-just the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon- Steelhead Falls and Deschutes Canyon Wilderness Study Areas in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire prevention and response activities to protect private property, H.R. 2630, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, and H.R. 4446, to amend the Virgin Islands of the United States Centen-nial Commission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Andrew M. Saul, of New York, to be Commissioner of Social Security, 10:30 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Constitu-tion, to hold hearings to examine threats to religious lib-erty around the world, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Con-trol: to hold hearings to examine combating the traf-ficking of illegal fentanyl from China, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01OC8.REC D01OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1092 October 1, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue Executive Session and consideration of the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. Senate will also continue consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 302, Sports Medicine Licen-sure Clarity Act, post-cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12:30 p.m., Tuesday, October 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: The House will meet in Pro Forma session at 12:30 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Oct 02, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01OC8.REC D01OCPT1