Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8741 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 2018 No. 157 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
UCSHON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 24, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable L
ARRY  B
UCSHON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Rabbi Hannah Spiro, Hill Havurah, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: God, we thank You for the Jewish festival of Sukkot, which begins today, and for Your commandment to build temporary structures, to eat and sleep in them under the stars, and to wel-come in guests—honored guests, guests in need. You teach us that these are one and the same. Your festival teaches us to come to terms with impermanence—of these temporary structures, our actual homes, our wealth, our social standing, and even our lives. When we remember, as Ecclesiastes teaches, that we came from dust and will return to it, we can’t possibly feel justified in holding on to our resources with a clenched fist. You move us to open our hands and homes in generosity, inclusion, and justice. May the Sukkot season and the beau-ty of changing autumn leaves inspire each one of us to welcome, to serve, and, for this brief time we are allotted, to generously live. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 3(a) of House Resolution 1059, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 20, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 20, 2018, at 2:21 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 3479. That the Senate agreed to S. Con Res. 47. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 698. That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 46. That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 1551. Appointment: Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor Re-view Board With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on September 18, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: H.R. 1109. To amend section 203 of the Fed-eral Power Act. H.R. 5895. Making consolidated appropria-tion for Energy and Water Development, the Legislative Branch, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. H.R. 589. To establish Department of En-ergy policy science and energy research and development programs, and reform National Laboratory management and technology transfer programs, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 3(b) of House Resolution 1059, the House stands adjourned until noon tomorrow for morning-hour de-bate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Thereupon (at 10 o’clock and 33 min-utes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, September 25, 2018, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6295. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Irish Potatoes Grown in Colorado; Increased Assessment Rate for Area No. 2 [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-18-0022; SC18-948-1 FR] September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6296. A letter from the Acting Congres-sional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishing a Perform-ance Standard for Authorizing the Importa-tion and Interstate Movement of Fruits and Vegetables [Docket No.: APHIS-2010-0082] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.000 H24SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8742 September 24, 2018 
(RIN: 0579-AD71) received September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 6297. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, transmitting a re-quest for additional fiscal year 2019 funding in the amount of $13 million for the Depart-ment of the Treasury’s Departmental Offices (H. Doc. No. 115—156); to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed. 6298. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting designa-tion for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism all funding so des-ignated by the Congress, in accordance with Section 401 of Division C of the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Act, 2019 (H.R. 5895) (H. Doc. No. 115—157); to the Committee on Appropria-tions and ordered to be printed. 6299. A letter from the Program Analyst, Office of Managing Director, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Assessment and Collection of Regulatory Fees for Fiscal Year 2018 [MD Docket No.: 18-175] received September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6300. A letter from the Associate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Rural Call Completion [WC Docket No.: 13-39] received September 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6301. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, U.S. Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s management directive — The Rule Making Process [MD 6.3] received September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6302. A letter from the Principle Deputy Assistant Secretary — Water and Science, National Park Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Transporting Bows and Cross-bows Across National Park System Units [Docket ID.: NPS-2018-0003; NPS-WASO-25595; PPWOVPADU0/PPMPRLE1Y.Y00000] (RIN: 1024-AE44) received September 18, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6303. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Section 965 Inclusions and RIC Excise Taxes (Rev. Proc. 2018-47) received Sep-tember 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6304. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2018 Section 43 Inflation Adjustment (Notice 2018-49) received September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 6305. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion of an Executive Order that takes addi-tional steps with respect to the national emergency declared with respect to Execu-tive Order 13660 of March 6, 2014, as expanded in scope and relied upon for additional steps taken in subsequent Executive Orders, and Executive Order 13694 of April 1, 2015, as re-lied upon for additional steps taken in Exec-utive Order 13757 of December 28, 2016, pursu-ant to 50 U.S.C. 1703(b); Public Law 95-223 Sec. 204(b); (91 Stat. 1627) (H. Doc. No. 115— 155); jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, and the Judici-ary and ordered to be printed. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 6756. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to promote new business innovation, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–957). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 6760. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to make perma-nent certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act affecting individuals, families, and small businesses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–958). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 6757. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage re-tirement and family savings, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–959, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Education and the Workforce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 6757 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRAT (for himself and Mr. D
ESAULNIER ): H.R. 6862. A bill to reauthorize the Con-gressional Award Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 6863. A bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Las Cruces, New Mexico, as the ‘‘Las Cruces Bataan Memorial Clinic’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself and Mr. J
EFFRIES ): H.R. 6864. A bill to require the Federal Trade Commission to promulgate regula-tions related to sensitive personal informa-tion or behavioral data, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 6865. A bill to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct cer-tain studies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. L
AHOOD(for himself and Mrs. B
USTOS ): H.R. 6866. A bill to clarify exclusions from the definition of a deposit broker; to the Committee on Financial Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 6862. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 6863. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Ms. D
ELBENE: H.R. 6864. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 6865. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers and all Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment of Officer thereof. By Mr. L
AHOOD: H.R. 6866. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ARTICLE I, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 99: Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 377: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 392: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 721: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 1300: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 1318: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, and Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 1447: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 1515: Mr. L
AMB, Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 1957: Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 2276: Mr. R
OSS, Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2472: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 2832: Mr. C
LOUD . H.R. 3325: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. B
OST. H.R. 3520: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3913: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3988: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 4691: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. C OFF-
MAN, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 4693: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4843: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 5034: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , and Mr. S UOZZI . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24SE7.000 H24SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8743 September 24, 2018 
H.R. 5153: Mr. U PTON . H.R. 5282: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. C
ALVERT , and Mr. B AR-
TON. H.R. 5856: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 5858: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 6410: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 6525: Mr. RASKIN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. L
OFGREN , and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 6626: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 6840: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 6846: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 6859: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. S
INEMA and Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN . H. Res. 750: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H. Res. 931: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 951: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H. Res. 993: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H. Res. 1036: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H. Res. 1057: Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P OCAN , and Mrs. D
INGELL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.006 H24SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6265 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 2018 No. 157 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, You are holy. We re-joice because we are sustained by Your strength. We receive honor because of the victories You bring to our lives. Bless our lawmakers. Keep them from stumbling or slipping as You in-crease their faith in You. Lord, use them to fulfill Your purposes on Earth, bringing release to captives, sight to the morally blind, and freedom for the oppressed and downtrodden. May they make our Nation and world better for the glory of Your Name. Lord, we praise You for Your glorious power. We celebrate Your mighty acts. We pray in Your powerful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
YL). The majority leader is recog-nized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, let me start with a quote: ‘‘I am going to fight this nomination with everything I’ve got.’’ Well, that was the Demo-cratic leader on television mere hours after Judge Brett Kavanaugh was first nominated to the Supreme Court. Oth-ers pledged their opposition before he was even named, before they reviewed a lick of evidence, before they heard a minute of testimony. Democrats had already made up their minds and cho-sen their tactics: delay, obstruct, and resist. Whatever it took, whatever the truth really was, they were going to do whatever they could to stop this quali-fied, experienced, and mainstream nominee. Democrats have signaled for months that they would put on whatever per-formance the far left special interests demanded and throw all the mud they could manufacture. Well, it is not like they didn’t warn us. But even by the far left’s standards, this shameful smear campaign has hit a new low. I will get into the specifics in just a mo-ment, but I want to be perfectly clear about what has taken place. Senate Democrats and their allies are trying to destroy a man’s personal and profes-sional life on the basis of decades-old allegations that are unsubstantiated and uncorroborated. That is where we are. This is what the so-called ‘‘resist-ance’’ has become—a smear campaign, pure and simple, aided and abetted by Members of the Senate. Eight weeks ago, Democrats on the Judiciary Committee received a letter from Dr. Christine Blasey Ford with an uncorroborated allegation of mis-conduct. She had requested that the matter be handled discreetly and con-fidentially. The responsible next step would have been alerting the full committee so a confidential, bipartisan investigation could begin. Committee staff would have followed their standard practice for investigating background informa-tion. Senators could have questioned Judge Kavanaugh in their meetings or in closed session, while respecting Dr. Ford’s request for confidentiality. But Democrats didn’t do any of that. They sat on Dr. Ford’s letter for 7 weeks. Kept it secret. They did nothing. They bid their time. Then they threw Pro-fessor Ford’s wishes overboard and leaked it to the press. Our colleague from Delaware has himself indicated that either the ranking member’s of-fice or the Democratic committee staff likely leaked the document. As I have noted, we know the chain of custody of the letter went through the Demo-cratic side of the Judiciary Committee. Does this sound like Democratic Sen-ators take their responsibility seri-ously and want to get to the truth, or does it sound like a choreographed smear campaign that ignored Dr. Ford’s request for confidentiality in order to inflict maximum damage at the last minute on Judge Kavanaugh and his family? This is an allegation of misconduct which all four supposed witnesses ei-ther flatly contradict or are unable to back up. In addition to Judge Kavanaugh, the other three supposed witnesses have said they have ‘‘no knowledge,’’ ‘‘no recollection,’’ and ‘‘no memory’’ of the alleged incident. It is not just one alleged witness who disagrees with the allegations; it is lit-erally every person who was supposedly there. One of those supposed witnesses says she does not even know Judge Kavanaugh. So all the witnesses who Dr. Ford says were present at the party have told the committee—on the record and under penalty of felony—all confirm that they do not remember any such party, do not know Judge Kavanaugh, or have never seen him do anything remotely like what has been alleged. This unsubstantiated allegation stands entirely at odds with everything we have heard about Judge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.000 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6266 September 24, 2018 
Kavanaugh’s character from those who have worked with him and socialized with him, dating all the way back to high school. But Democrats wouldn’t let a few inconvenient things—like a complete lack of evidence or an accus-er’s request for confidentiality—get be-tween them and a good smear. It is des-picable. The contrast with the completely professional conduct of Chairman G
RASSLEY could not be starker. As soon as Chairman G
RASSLEY learned about this allegation, he handled it through proper channels. He imme-diately began gathering the facts. His office promptly conducted a tran-scribed interview of Judge Kavanaugh, in which, under penalty of felony, he unequivocally denied the last-minute allegation. The office received state-ments from all the other supposed wit-nesses, who either directly contra-dicted the story or denied knowing anything about it. What is more, Chairman G
RASSLEY  ensured that Dr. Ford could be heard in a forum of her own choosing—either here or in California; either in public or in private; either with the staff or with the Members. He has gone above and beyond to accommodate her re-quest. Thanks to him, we have a fair and open hearing scheduled for Thurs-day. Dr. Ford will be able to state her allegation under oath, and Judge Kavanaugh will be able to respond. But the smear campaign didn’t stop there; that was just act one. According to the reporter of this second allega-tion, the accuser ‘‘came forward be-cause Senate Democrats began look-ing.’’ And now they are calling for even further delays and further obstruction over a second decades-old allegation that is so thin and so unsupported that the New York Times refused to even run a story about it. This claim is so dubious that the New York Times passed on the story entirely after hav-ing looked into it. Here is why the New York Times de-clined to publish: It ‘‘interviewed sev-eral dozen people over the past week in an attempt to corroborate her story and could find no one with firsthand knowledge’’—not one person ‘‘with firsthand knowledge’’ to support the allegation—but, rather, multiple, on- the-record denials again. The Times also reported that the claimant said she herself is uncertain of her claim. That is the New York Times, whose credo is ‘‘all the news that’s fit to print,’’ and it found this latest last- minute allegation not even fit to print. Oh, but that hasn’t stopped Judiciary Committee Democrats from shoveling it into their smear campaign and de-manding further delays. They kept this one a secret from Republicans, too, by the way. Evidently, several Democratic offices knew of this allegation for at least a week, but as with Dr. Ford’s claim, they sat on this one, too, so the committee could not take any proper action. They just wanted it to wind up in the press—another orchestrated, last-minute hit on the nominee. Now they are acting like it is a legitimate reason to delay things even further, as though they have not already an-nounced themselves as being com-pletely opposed to this nomination anyway, as if they have not already promised the far left they would lead the fight to bring this nomination down whatever it took, whatever the cost. Let’s put aside this last-minute, un-substantiated smear. Let’s return to the facts. Let’s have a fair hearing on Thursday. Here are the facts that we do have: Hundreds of men and women who have known Brett Kavanaugh across his life have written or spoken out that he is a man of strong character and tremen-dous integrity. Numerous witnesses have testified before the Judiciary Committee that he is a trusted mentor, a loyal friend, and a lifelong champion of women. More than 75 women gath-ered last week to share their decades- old knowledge of Judge Kavanaugh as a ‘‘responsible guy who treated us with kindness and respect’’ and as a ‘‘true gentleman in all aspects of his life.’’ Separately, of course, it remains be-yond reasonable dispute that Judge Kavanaugh’s legal brilliance and excel-lence on the bench make him one of the very most qualified Supreme Court nominees in the history of our country. All of these facts are, quite clearly, on one side. Maybe that is why the Democrats are so panicked. Maybe that is why they are so willing to try to bring down this nominee. In the mean-time, a good and honorable man and his family are receiving death threats. They are the subject of smears and are facing Senate Democrats who say he has no presumption of innocence be-cause they don’t agree with his judicial philosophy. Well, before the week is out, both Judge Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford will testify under oath before the Judiciary Committee. Chairman G
RASSLEY has made sure the facts will be heard, and Judge Kavanaugh and the American people deserve nothing less. I want to make it perfectly clear that Judge Kavanaugh will be voted on here, up or down, on the Senate floor. This fine nominee to the Supreme Court will re-ceive a vote in this Senate in the near future. 
f 
APPROPRIATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on an entirely different matter, last week, our efforts to restore regular appro-priations hit another milestone. The President signed into law our first ap-propriations package. It will fund crit-ical efforts in energy research and se-curity, waterways and infrastructure projects, and in improving care at the VA. Earlier this month, the Senate passed the conference report that will fund the Departments of Defense, Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education. We anticipate that the House will take up the package this week, and work continues on other im-portant legislation. Soon, we will act to provide long- term stability and reforms to the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, the Transportation Security Administra-tion, and the National Transportation Safety Board. We will also take up America’s Water Infrastructure Act, which will bolster the efforts of the Army Corps of Engineers and make commitments to improving water qual-ity and advancing hydropower. Most immediately, we will continue to process the President’s well-quali-fied nominees. We are, today, consid-ering Jackie Wolcott to serve as U.S. Representative to the International Atomic Energy Agency and as U.S. Representative to the United Nations in Vienna. I urge all of our colleagues to join me in voting to confirm her. f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN SULLIVAN Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, over the Senate’s his-tory, we have welcomed into our ranks many brave men and women who have served in uniform. From the earliest days of our Republic, when veterans of the Revolution laid down their arms to serve as legislators, the Senate has been the home of patriots who know the true meaning of service and sac-rifice. Some of our colleagues have even decided to pull double duty—con-tinuing to serve in the Reserves while suffering the slings and arrows here in the Senate. We have, today, a unique opportunity to honor one of these colleagues. Ear-lier this month, the news came that our friend, the junior Senator from Alaska, had attained the rank of colo-nel in the U.S. Marine Corps Forces Re-serve. D
ANSULLIVAN has spent the last quarter century as a marine, earning the Defense Meritorious Service Medal and serving on Active Duty in Afghani-stan. Those of us who serve here with Senator S
ULLIVAN are hardly surprised that someone so ‘‘squared away’’ has risen to this milestone. His promotion is recognized in a spe-cial ceremony today here in the Cap-itol, where, I understand, Senator S
UL-
LIVAN ’s father will pin on his new rank. I know this body will join me in con-gratulating him and in thanking both Senator S
ULLIVAN and Colonel S UL-
LIVAN for all of his service to the Na-tion. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.001 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6267 September 24, 2018 
The Senator from Utah. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the majority leader’s remarks in a wide variety of ways. What a great leader he is. We all should pay very strict attention to the way he handles himself and his seriousness about our U.S. Senate. Last night, Senate Democrats con-tinued their smear campaign against Judge Brett Kavanaugh with a thinly sourced article that accuses Judge Kavanaugh of conduct that no eye-witness can even corroborate. Rather than having brought the matter to the attention of committee investigators, Democrats coordinated with the mem-bers of the media to drop the story in the most dramatic and damaging way possible. This continues the Senate Democrats’ pattern of playing hide the ball—after having spent 6 weeks sitting on a letter regarding alleged conduct while Judge Kavanaugh was in high school—before leaking it to the press. Senate Democrats will stop at noth-ing to prevent Judge Kavanaugh’s con-firmation. As reported by the author of last night’s article, the individual in the piece came forward only because Senate Democrats ‘‘came looking.’’ Even then, the individual went on the record only after ‘‘six days of carefully assessing her memories and consulting with her attorney’’—a former Demo-cratic elected official. The New York Times, which declined to publish the allegations when approached, reported that it had interviewed ‘‘several dozen people . . . in an attempt to corrobo-rate the story’’ and could find ‘‘no one with firsthand knowledge.’’ The Times further reported that the individual in the story had herself contacted former classmates in an effort to corroborate the story and had ‘‘told some of them that she could not be certain Mr. Kavanaugh was the one who exposed himself.’’ Unsurprisingly, Senate Democrats are now using last night’s article as an excuse to call for further delays. This follows the same approach they have taken since Judge Kavanaugh’s nomi-nation had first been announced. No in-nuendo has been too low, no insinu-ation too dirty. Everything is an ex-cuse for delay no matter how unsub-stantiated. It does not matter that no other eyewitness can even confirm that Judge Kavanaugh was at the party in question. It does not matter that every other individual alleged to be present denies any memory of the event. The goal is to delay—nothing new to most of us. It should be clear now to all Americans that Democrats are engaged in a coordinated effort to stop Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation by any means possible. As I have said before, every accuser deserves to be heard. Moreover, a per-son who has committed sexual assault should not serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. Yet the way my Democratic col-leagues have approached these allega-tions makes clear that the driving ob-jective here is not the truth but is poli-tics. Rather than having worked with Republican colleagues to investigate Dr. Ford’s allegations, they sat on them for 6 weeks until the eve of Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation vote and then leaked them to the press. Rather than having brought last night’s alle-gations to the attention of committee investigators, they back-channeled them to the media and then denied any involvement. Such underhanded tactics are not fair to Judge Kavanaugh, are not fair to the individuals in the sto-ries, and are not fair to the American people. Senate Democrats are demeaning both the Senate and the Supreme Court through their partisan games and transparent attempts at character assassination. As planned, we will hear and should hear from Dr. Ford on Thursday. Then we should vote, and there should be no frivolous approaches toward the U.S. Senate or toward this confirmation process. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I begin my remarks today by offering my heartfelt sympathy to those in North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia who were battered by Hurri-cane Florence over the past several weeks and who are still feeling the aftermath of that storm. Unfortu-nately, people in Louisiana know more than a little bit about the damage to life and property that these natural disasters can do. The road to recovery may be long, but we have your back. That is the message that I want to give to our fel-low Americans who were in the path of Hurricane Florence. Don’t give up. You are going to want to. Don’t. Failure is not falling down. Failure is not getting back up. Today, I wish to talk a little bit about the National Flood Insurance Program. Weathering a hurricane is difficult enough without the added bur-den of having to do it without insur-ance. Our National Flood Insurance Program isn’t doing its job if it is so expensive that people can’t afford to buy it. Unfortunately, that is precisely the case for many of our people in North and South Carolina. In spite of a robust economy—4 million new jobs in 20 months and 4.1 percent in gross domes-tic product growth—and in spite of a booming population in our country, fewer people in the Carolinas can af-ford to insure their property today than in the year 2013. We should be ashamed of that. Experts estimate that fewer than 10 percent of the households affected by Hurricane Florence have flood insur-ance at all. So 90 percent do not. Mak-ing matters worse, in North Carolina today there are 3.6 percent fewer NFIP policies in place than there were in 2013. Over that same period of time, North Carolina’s population has in-creased by 620,000 people. South Carolina tells a similar story. Today, there are 1.2 percent fewer poli-cies than in 2013, despite South Caro-lina having 350,000 more people. This is the exact same story—the exact same story—that we saw in Texas last year, where 80 percent of homeowners in the eight hardest hit counties had abso-lutely no flood insurance. That is four out of every five people. Why don’t people have flood insur-ance? There are a variety of reasons, but because the costs are out of control and middle-class families have little choice but to just roll the dice is the main reason. Why is that? Because Congress keeps playing games, and peo-ple don’t have faith that the NFIP will be around to pay off. It is also because some people want to get a sound bite more than they want to help ordinary Americans protect one of their most valuable possessions—and, in most cases, their most valuable possession— their home. If those people want to re-form the program because they want to save the government money, which is a laudable goal—and some do—they are going about it the wrong way. The reality is that the National Flood Insurance Program is the only place—the only place—where people can turn to insure their home and their belongings. Now, 98.5 percent of all NFIP policies are in counties or parishes with a me-dian household income below $100,000. So this argument we often hear that the National Flood Insurance Program is just a subsidy for wealthy people and their beach homes is nonsense. It is nonsense on a stick. And 62 percent of all of the people enrolled in the NFIP program are in counties or parishes with a median household income below the national average of $53,889. Last year, many folks saw the premiums for their homes and businesses increase be-tween 8 and 25 percent. Floods are the most common and, un-fortunately, the most costly natural disaster. If your home takes on water, your homeowner’s insurance is not going to help you. Let me say that again. If your home floods and you have homeowner’s insurance, you will not be covered. Homeowner’s insurance does not cover the cost of a flood. If you don’t have insurance, FEMA’s dis-aster dollars aren’t going to foot the bill for a full recovery. They aren’t. Even if you are eligible for Federal disaster assistance—for example, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.003 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6268 September 24, 2018 
loan or a grant—it will be years before you will see those funds. What are flood victims supposed to do in the meantime? They can’t just simply sit on an empty lot and wait. Life goes on. Hurricane Florence is just one in a long line of storms that have dev-astated Americans families. I am not just talking about massive hurricanes such as Katrina, Rita, and Sandy. Unnamed floods in the spring and sum-mer of 2016 ravaged 56 of the 64 parishes or counties in my State. In parts of my State in 2016, we had folks who endured 20 inches of rain in 2 days. I don’t care if you live on Pikes Peak. If you get 20 inches of rain in 2 days, you are going to flood, even if you are not near a body of water. That is just a fact. In the wake of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria last year, I thought my colleagues might have seen the light and might have come to the table to discuss a long-term sustainable and reasonable bill to reform the NFIP, but, unfortunately, that couldn’t be further from reality. Congress has not only refused to de-bate comprehensive National Flood In-surance Program reform, but the pro-gram nearly lapsed. Congress has had well over a year to lay out a plan. Yet it still refuses to do so because one or two Members want to hold up progress. Unfortunately, it is ordinary people like the good people of North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Louisiana, and Texas who are feeling the pain of those politics. Recovering from a natural disaster is more than just putting up drywall. It is about communities coming back safer, stronger, and better prepared. The NFIP is an indispensable part of that effort to rebuild, but a flood insurance program isn’t useful if it is too com-plicated to understand or if it allows bad actors to take from hard-working families. We need rules for the flood insurance program that make sense. We need gov-ernment websites that a normal person can navigate. We need quicker deci-sions by bureaucrats, and a faster proc-ess to get disaster dollars to the people who need them. Most importantly, though, people need to be able to afford the flood insurance. I understand the National Flood In-surance Program is running a deficit. As you can see, we have had an ex-traordinary number of storms, and I understand that it needs to be put back into sound, fiscal shape. But raising the price of the product so high so that people can’t afford the insurance is not going to achieve that. It is going to un-dermine the entire purpose of the flood insurance program. I suggest that what we have to do is to strike a balance between fiscal sta-bility and longevity of the program and affordability for the people who are supposed to be served by it. We have no choice but to get the program fiscally stable, but also we have no choice but to get premiums under control, and re-form is the only path forward. The sta-tus quo is not working. When Congress established the NFIP, we made a promise. We promised 5 mil-lion Americans—that is how many pol-icyholders we have—including half a million people in my State and 350,000 people in North and South Carolina, that we would be there to help should disaster strike, and it is high time that the Congress show people that we meant it. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL RICE MONTH Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, Sep-tember is National Rice Month. In Ar-kansas, this is certainly reason to cele-brate. My home State has the proud distinction of being the Nation’s leader in rice production, producing about half of the U.S. rice crop in America. Arkansas rice producers not only pro-vide a safe, reliable food source that helps feed the world but also helps drive the State’s economy. Arkansas rice farmers support nearly 15,000 jobs and, on average, contribute $2.3 billion to the State’s economic output. Rice milling operations and forward market linkages in Arkansas account for more than $3 billion in total output of goods and services. These are impressive numbers for an integral component to Arkansas’ econ-omy and part of the reason why the in-dustry was recognized by Gov. Asa Hutchinson, who signed the Rice Month proclamation in early Sep-tember. As a leader in production, Ar-kansas rice farmers have a unique role in the industry and in the ongoing re-search to support its continued success in the State. The University of Arkansas System Division of Agriculture is a leading re-search entity on rice production. Its Rice Research and Extension Center is recognized worldwide for developing so-lutions to the challenges facing pro-ducers, establishing techniques and best practices that help advance the rice industry. The strong partnership between edu-cation and industry is crucial to leveraging the investment made in rice research. This cooperation helps im-prove the rice crop and increase farm-ers’ yields, as well as makes rice pro-duction more efficient. This collaboration is also seen in conservation efforts. Rice farmers are leaders in sustainability. Over the last two decades, rice producers have been able to increase their yields by more than 50 percent, with improved quality, while reducing land use by 35 percent, energy use by 38 percent, and water use by 53 percent. In addition to being good stewards of the environment, rice farmers provide critical habitat for ducks and other wa-terfowl. Organizations like Ducks Un-limited have formed a relationship with rice farmers through the Rice Stewardship to improve conservation practices that help shape the habitat for waterfowl. Flooded rice fields have become great locations for hunters. When these outdoorsmen visit Arkan-sas to take advantage of our natural resources, they pump money into our local economies. As a duck hunting destination, it is critically important that we protect waterfowl habitats in Arkansas so we can continue to attract sports men and women to our State. Congress can help our rice farmers continue these good practices by pass-ing a farm bill that includes our robust conservation title. During my annual ag tour in Arkan-sas last month, I visited with rice farmers, researchers, and rice industry leaders. They shared with me how the farm bill can work better for them. We can improve crop insurance to make the policy work better for our rice farmers. They need a strong farm safe-ty net, and they asked that Wash-ington protect the markets they have and work to open new markets like trade with Cuba. I am proud to craft and promote poli-cies that help our rice farmers, and I will continue to be an advocate for the industry. This month is the perfect time to celebrate the rice industry and the many positive contributions it makes to Arkansas. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, in the confirmation of any Supreme Court nominee, it is the Senate’s job to care-fully and thoroughly review the nomi-nee’s credentials, beliefs, background, and suitability for the position. Once confirmed, a Supreme Court Justice is not subject to review or to term limits. It is a lifetime appointment with im-mense responsibilities and powers. We have to examine any Supreme Court nominee in light of those facts. Dr. Christina Blasey Ford has come forward with a credible allegation that Judge Kavanaugh is guilty of sexual misconduct. I believe her, but regard-less of what you believe, she deserves to be heard in a deliberate and impar-tial manner, in a way that is dignified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.004 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6269 September 24, 2018 
and respectful to both sides and to her, with as much independently verified information gathered beforehand as possible. And now, of course, there are additional allegations about Judge Kavanaugh’s actions that should be ex-amined. There is one simple way to get to the bottom of this without the he said, she said, without the finger-pointing and name-calling: a quiet, serious, thor-ough background check by the FBI. That is the logical way to go. The FBI is not biased. The FBI is professional. It is a crime to lie to them, so people have a large incentive to tell the truth. Reopening an FBI investigation is a routine practice for judicial nomina-tions. It has happened over and over again when new information has come up, and it only takes a short time to complete. It should be quiet, serious, and get the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. If my Republican friends are so con-cerned about this process being cha-otic, they should want the FBI to han-dle these allegations because the FBI can conduct this investigation soberly, effectively, and discreetly. In fact, there is really only one way to get to the bottom of these allegations and prevent the Nation from being thrown into further turmoil—an independent background check by the FBI. On the one hand, our Republican colleagues decry the turmoil, but on the other hand, they avoid the careful, best, seri-ous way to get at the allegations—a background check investigation by the FBI. For some reason, both the White House and Senate Republicans are blocking an FBI investigation and questioning its purpose. Let me ask our Republican friends, President Trump, and America this question: If President Trump and Senate Repub-licans are so certain the allegations against Judge Kavanaugh aren’t true, why aren’t they welcoming the FBI to look into it? Leader M
CCONNELL , you spent 5 min-utes pointing your finger at Demo-crats. That shows someone who is in a pickle. That shows someone who has dug a deep hole. If you really believe these allegations are part of a des-picable smear job, Leader M
CCONNELL , why don’t you call for an FBI inves-tigation? What are you afraid of? What are you hiding? What is Judge Kavanaugh hiding? Nobody knows. But people who want the truth will find a truth teller. Peo-ple who don’t want the truth will run away from a truth teller and instead point fingers of accusation and wild, untethered allegations. That is what Leader M
CCONNELL is doing. It is not a great moment. I know he prizes his role in ramming through these right-wing Justices. That is part of his leg-acy. I don’t think America will see it that way a few years from now when we see their rulings. There will be a huge backlash if Kavanaugh should get on the Court and they should rule the way they have ruled in the past. But that is not the search for truth; that is the search for a rush job to avoid the truth. It should not happen. Think about it. The White House is blocking an impartial investigation of Dr. Ford’s allegation. Chairman GRASS -
LEY is setting arbitrary deadlines for Dr. Ford to testify, dictating the terms of her appearance, and denying her and the minority the right to call other witnesses, which always happens at hearings, including an alleged eye-witness. There was someone in the room. By press reports, he is backing up Kavanaugh. Why are they afraid to have him testify? Or at least he is say-ing he doesn’t remember. We are hearing that Chairman G
RASSLEY now wants to bring in out-side counsel to conduct the ques-tioning, as if Dr. Ford were on trial, as if Republicans were afraid to question Dr. Ford. This is so unusual, but it shows a fear on the part of our Repub-lican friends that something bad and truthful will come out. If Chairman G
RASSLEY and Leader M
CCONNELL continue down this road, we are heading for a hearing that will be far from what a serious factfinding inquiry should look like, far from re-spectful to Dr. Ford, and far from fair. Given the circumstances, the Amer-ican people should ask—particularly those who support Judge Kavanaugh— who is more credible: Dr. Ford, who wants the FBI to investigate her alle-gation because she is confident it will corroborate her account, or our Repub-lican friends who are running away from any objective factfinding and truth? Remember, it is Dr. Ford who not only wants the FBI to look into this, she took a voluntary lie detector test, and she knew she was inviting harass-ment and ridicule and abuse for coming forward. She has gotten death threats. She has had to move out of her house. She feared her life would be upended, and it is. She still had the courage to do this. We certainty owe her some dig-nity and a fair hearing, not the kind of rushed, almost kangaroo court-style hearing where the Members on the Re-publican side are afraid to even ask her questions and confront her while they will say things behind her back. Who is more credible? Is it Dr. Ford, who is willing to submit to all this, or Republicans in the White House, who are stonewalling an FBI investigation into facts and who are refusing to call other witnesses to Dr. Ford’s hearing, including the alleged eyewitness? Re-publicans or Democrats? There is an easy, easy answer to all of these. So when Leader M
CCONNELL rails and rants about Democrats, he is setting up a straw man. He is afraid of what might come out, what the truth is, it seems to me. We have heard Judge Kavanaugh’s defenders say: This happened 36 years ago; it shouldn’t matter. We have heard new, tortured formulations of that shopworn excuse that boys will be boys. I don’t agree with any of those voices, any of those excuses, but let me address those who think that, people who think: This was a long time ago. Boys did this. Let’s not hold someone accountable for it 30 years later, or at least let’s not stop his advancement in his career. One obvious answer is, it is the Su-preme Court. But I would ask those who believe that Kavanaugh is not being treated fairly to examine one more point: his credibility. Whether you think what happened 36 years ago is enough to remove him from consid-eration of the Supreme Court, as I do, or whether you don’t, credibility of a Supreme Court nominee is extremely important. Judge Kavanaugh has unequivocally denied this. He didn’t say, like Mr. Judge, ‘‘I can’t remember. Maybe I had too many to drink, and my recollection isn’t great’’; he unequivocally denied it. And this comes on top of the fact that Judge Kavanaugh’s testimony had real issues with credibility. Is Judge Kavanaugh again denying the truth be-cause his confirmation to the U.S. Su-preme Court hangs in the balance? The credibility of Judge Kavanaugh, given his previous testimony, given how he skirted the truth, at the very min-imum, on issues such as appointment of certain judges, on torture, on Manny Miranda—and now he says this, an un-equivocal denial? Let’s assume that after the testi-mony of Dr. Ford, most Americans be-lieve it to be true. How would we want to appoint Judge Kavanaugh—because he would have abjectly lied—if they be-lieve it is true? So there is the issue of credibility. Beyond the weight that different peo-ple give what happened 30-some-odd years ago, beyond the weight of wheth-er people excuse or don’t excuse the be-havior—I don’t excuse it—is the issue that looms: credibility. Is Judge Kavanaugh the kind of upright, straightforward individual we want on the Bench? Do his flirtations with avoiding the truth in his testimony—is this just another, even worse indica-tion that he does not have the judg-ment, the moral character, the credi-bility for a job that requires all three? In summation, in the face of multiple allegations against Judge Kavanaugh, the FBI should reopen the background check investigation, and we should conduct a hearing where the appro-priate witnesses are called and respect is given to both the accuser and the ac-cused. Anything less will be viewed by the American people and I believe judged by history as a stain on Repub-licans in the Senate and a stain on the integrity of the majesty of the Su-preme Court. I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Morning business is closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.006 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6270 September 24, 2018 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations, which the clerk will re-port: The bill clerk read the nominations of Jackie Wolcott, of Virginia, to be Representative of the United States of America to the International Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Am-bassador, and Jackie Wolcott, of Vir-ginia, to be Representative of the United States of America to the Vi-enna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. All time is yielded back on both sides, and I call for the rollcall vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Wolcott and Wolcott nominations? Mr. ISAKSON. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL), and the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 75, nays 19, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 213 Ex.] YEAS—75 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Kyl Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young NAYS—19 
Booker Cardin Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Heller Leahy Markey Reed Sanders Schatz Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Corker Flake Johnson Merkley Paul Sasse 
The nominations were confirmed en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table en bloc and the Presi-dent will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for the remainder of the term expiring October 26, 2019. Mitch McConnell, Richard C. Shelby, Todd Young, Pat Roberts, Thom Tillis, Cory Gardner, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Rounds, David Perdue, John Boozman, Roy Blunt, Jerry Moran, Lamar Alex-ander, John Thune, Tim Scott, John Barrasso, Steve Daines. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for the remainder of the term expiring October 26, 2019, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL), and the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 76, nays 18, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 214 Ex.] YEAS—76 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Kyl Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—18 
Blumenthal Booker Brown Cardin Durbin Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Menendez Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Corker Flake Johnson Merkley Paul Sasse 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 76, and the nays are 18. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Peter A. Feld-man, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission for the remain-der of the term expiring October 26, 2019. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all postcloture time on Executive Calendar No. 938 be considered expired at 2:15 p.m., Tues-day, September 25; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.008 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6271 September 24, 2018 
REMEMBERING LORRAINE H. MORTON Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, earlier this month, we received the sad news that Mayor Lorraine Morton had passed away just a few months short of her 100th birthday. For decades, she was a force for change in Evanston, IL. For so many people, she was the ‘‘Prin-cipal of Evanston.’’ In June of this year, more than a hundred people gathered with Lorraine at the Northwestern University Segal Visitors Center to celebrate the pre-mier of the documentary ‘‘Lorraine H. Morton: A Life Worthwhile.’’ The title comes from something her father in-stilled into her, ‘‘Only a life of service is a life worthwhile.’’ Her life of service was extraordinary as a teacher, men-tor, friend, and Evanston’s first Afri-can-American mayor. Lorraine’s story is that of shattering boundaries and bringing Evanston into the 21st century. Lorraine was one of the first Black teachers to break the color barrier in a community that was integrated statistically, but not geo-graphically. She championed desegre-gation efforts and pioneered equity in Evanston’s schools. As one of the few Black educators on the North Shore, her firsts were many: from serving as the first Black educator to teach sum-mer school, to breaking the color line at Nichols Middle School, to leading the Haven Middle School as principal. Haven was on the frontier of all the changes coming to the community in the 1960s and 1970s. As principal, Lor-raine thrived and developed a reputa-tion for kindness and listening. In the early 1980s, then-Mayor Jay Lytle asked Lorraine if she were inter-ested in joining the city council as the Fifth Ward alderman. After he talked her into it, Lorraine took the job in 1982. Three years later, she ran again and was elected alderman with the sup-port of the families she had taught. Lorraine had a successful 9-year run on the council. While Fifth Ward alderman, she served on the housing and community development, police services, planning and development, human services, and rules committees, as well as on the unified budget panel. Additionally, she also served on special committees on fair housing, libraries, and gangs, and she was Evanston’s legion commis-sioner. In 1989, Lorraine stepped away from her role as Haven Middle School prin-cipal to focus on politics. Word started to go around that then-Mayor Joan Barr was considering stepping down. Many of Lorraine’s former students recommended she run. She had a built- in power base in all the schools she taught and made a difference, but the race was no easy picnic. Lorraine nabbed second place out of five can-didates. This set up a runoff election where Lorraine came from behind to win. Lorraine went on to be the longest serving mayor in Evanston’s history in 1993. Lorraine led the city through the de-velopment of partnerships with North-western University and changing the culture of the city council itself. Down-town Evanston is filled with North-western buildings these days. The uni-versity has a deep relationship with Evanston and the Chicagoland area, but it was Lorraine that brought Northwestern closer to the community through programs like increased stu-dent-to-student tutoring and donating resources like a firetruck. Downtown Evanston’s large-scale renovation and revitalization also is a part of her legacy. Anyone seeing a movie in the Century Theater should thank her. An agreement negotiated by Lorraine and the city council with Northwestern to create a research park eventually led to a mixed-use zone, in-cluding that movie theater and all those restaurants and bistros. In the 16 years she was mayor, she was a role model to future mayors. She was tough on the budget, making every dollar stretch as much as possible. There were many budget battles, but more business came to Evanston, and it grew again. Lorraine did it famously with an open-door policy to all con-stituents. Her successor continued many of her policies. At the end of Lorraine’s time as mayor, the city dedicated the Lorraine H. Morton Civic Center on Ridge Ave-nue as a thank you for a legendary ca-reer. After stepping down from mayor, she continued to serve the community as a representative for the mayor on an economic board. She remained active till the very end as the ‘‘Principal of Evanston,’’ having a life of service that was worthwhile. I always enjoyed working with Lor-raine. She was professional, cheerful, and her focus was always on building a better Evanston. I can still see her sit-ting on the reviewing stand at the end of Evanston’s legendary Fourth of July parade, with a big smile and apprecia-tion for all of the people who came to join in celebrating her hometown. Lorraine is survived by her daughter, Elizabeth Morton Brasher, and two granddaughters, Elizabeth Keziah and Constance Moriah Brasher. 
f 
REMEMBERING A. GEORGE PRADEL Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, earlier this month, we mourned the loss of a wonderful public servant in Illinois. Naperville’s mayor emeritus, Arthur George Pradel, passed away at the age of 80. He was a soldier, a policeman, a mayor, father, and friend. To some, George was ‘‘Officer Friend-ly.’’ Local radio called him the Nicest Mayor in the World. I just was honored to be one of his friends—but so was ev-eryone around him. He had a super-natural ability to know everyone and always have time to say hi. George was Naperville’s longest serving mayor, with a tenure of 20 years. When George was a small child, his family packed up from Chicago’s Hyde Park and moved to Naperville in 1939. The town had just 4,500 people at the time. When George finished his tenure as mayor in 2015, Naperville had grown to a population of 142,000. George graduated from Naperville Community High School in 1955 and served in the Marines as two of his un-cles had done during World War II. After 3 years in the Marines, George came home to Naperville. George’s dream job was to be the head of an orphanage, but in the 1950s, the orphanage system had changed. Smaller group or children’s homes and foster care had replaced much of it. George was in a bit of a quandary. A friend of his encouraged him to con-sider police work. When an opportunity at the Naperville Police Department came up in 1966, he applied imme-diately. It was a beginning of a 29-year career with the Naperville Police De-partment. There was just one small problem. George was not even 5′7″ in height. Naperville Police Department required officers to be at least 5′11″ at the time. After acing his interview with the Board of Police and Fire Commis-sioners, the board had to consider if they could let him into their ranks, even though he was too short. One of the board members asked a marine family member if someone like George could make it. The family member told him that anyone who could get through Marine Corps training could be a great police officer. The board agreed. George earned the nickname ‘‘Officer Friendly’’ in his almost 30 years on the force by visiting schools and speaking to children. He wanted youth to under-stand that police were not to be feared, but they were there to protect them and give guidance. George worked to bring Safety Town, a miniature village where children learn pedestrian, bike, and railroad safety, to Naperville in 1977 and was the first police instructor. The ‘‘town’’ village now bears his name and that of his late wife Pat. George retired as a lieutenant when he was elected mayor, despite no pre-vious political experience in 1995. He originally envisioned retiring from the police force and being a greeter at Walmart, but a bunch of residents asked him to run. He never really mas-tered the art of diplomatically saying no. George wasn’t even planning to win the race, but all those children that knew him as Officer Friendly were adults now, and they voted for him. He was so surprised that he did not even have an acceptance speech prepared for when he won. As mayor, George continued being Naperville’s greatest champion. His schedule was packed with events from collecting food for charity shopping events for Loaves & Fishes Community Services to charity dinners, fund-raising walks, anniversaries, and grad-uations. He even did first flush cere-monies for toilets in a new building. When snow fell, he would hop in a city 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.007 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6272 September 24, 2018 
plow and help out. Helping people and trying to make Naperville better was his nature. I used to kid him that he was my fa-vorite Republican. I invited him as my guest to a State of the Union address in Washington awhile back, and he was a joy to be around. George always had time for people. His door was open to anyone. A Chi-cago columnist wrote a sarcastic piece about Naperville, and George invited him to tour the town and changed his opinion. His state of the city addresses had a flare to them, as he sported a tuxedo and silk tophat to present them. George loved Naperville and thought the best of it. When he stepped down from being mayor to spend more time with his wife in 2015, his successor in-vented the title mayor emeritus so George could still stay involved with the community and represent the mayor on occasion. In addition to Safety Town, a park, a street, and an Officer Friendly statue all bear George’s name in Naperville. He even has a bobblehead in his like-ness, which I own, too. Because George loved chicken wings and the lunch buf-fet, Braconi’s Restaurant and Pizzeria has a room named after George. At Schmaltz’s Deli, George is the only person to have a sandwich named after him. Why did all these places name things after him? Because they loved him the way he loved Naperville. Naperville will miss him, and so will I. George is survived by his children Carol, Gary, and George. 
f 
REMEMBERING KEN SMIKLE Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last week, Chicago lost a giant in media when Ken Smikle passed away at the too young age of 66. For over 40 years, Ken redefined coverage of the Black American experience and brought to light the economic potential of Black communities in the United States. It is hard to believe that an audience with $1.2 trillion in buying power in 2017 did not have a publication geared toward understanding the African- American market 30 years ago, but that was the reality before Ken found-ed Target Media News in 1987. Ken saw the potential there throughout his ca-reer. Hailing from Harlem, NY,—in 1974, Ken, his brother, Dawoud Bey, and friend, Gerald Gladney started a busi-ness that published two magazines. They did this with no financial backing besides savings from various jobs. Ken wrote for several publications, including Essence Magazine and the National Leader Magazine. He went on to serve as the arts editor for Harlem’s Amsterdam News, the Black music edi-tor at Record World Magazine, and the editor of the Philadelphia Inquirer. In 1983, Ken’s life had a revolution. He became the senior editor at Black Enterprise magazine. Ken also met the love of his life, Renee Ferguson, who was among the first female African- American women to work at CBS Net-work News in New York. Both of them were dedicated to telling the untold story of African Americans. It was at Black Enterprise that Ken got the idea that no one was tracking what busi-nesses were doing to market to Black consumers. In 1987, Ken and Renee moved to Chi-cago. Ken founded Target Market News, while Renee worked as an inves-tigative reporter for NBC5 News. Tar-get Market News became the leading publication showing the research into marketing to African Americans. His work was pivotal in changing the way corporations viewed African Americans as an economic force. He published an annual ‘‘Black Buying Power’’ report for many years. For many years, Ken was the only one doing it, until Forbes and the University of Georgia Selig Center joined the bandwagon. Ken was the expert quoted on mar-keting to African Americans in numer-ous publications. He cofounded the Af-rican American Marketing and Media Association, hosted annual con-ferences, and was a proud member of the National Association of Black Journalists. In Chicago’s Hyde Park’s Kenwood community, Ken and Renee were sta-ples for 30 years. They were neighbors to a young couple named Barack and Michelle Obama. Before Barack Obama was President Obama, he was Ken’s friend at the Hyde Park co-op. While trailblazing the marketing in-dustry, Ken was a Little League bas-ketball coach at the YMCA. He was a loving father to his son, Jason, going to his son’s baseball, basketball, and swimming competition. Ken loved his jazz and the music of life. His leadership and vision will be missed. Ken leaves behind his wife, Renee, son, Jason, brother, Dawoud Bey, and sisters, Sandra Bernard and Georgianna Machicote. (At the request of Mr. C
ORNYN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I want the record to reflect my concerns about the nominations of Jackie Wolcott to be the U.S. Representative to the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency, IAEA, and the U.S. Representative to the Vi-enna office of the United Nations. For family health reasons, I was unable to cast a vote in relation to her nomina-tion. However, while Ambassador Wol-cott is well-regarded for her recent work at the U.S. Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom, the U.S. Representative to the IAEA must bring impartiality and a focus on the tech-nical aspects of the job. In the past, Ambassador Wolcott has spoken pub-licly and forcefully on IAEA compli-ance issues, and I have concerns that reconciling those past statements with the current demands of the IAEA will be difficult. For that reason, had I been able to cast a vote, I would have voted against the nominations.∑ f 
NOMINATION OBJECTION Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I am placing a hold on the nomination of Michael Faulkender to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Eco-nomic Policy, which was reported fa-vorably from the Finance Committee on September 18, 2018. I will maintain that hold until the Treasury Depart-ment provides the Senate Finance Committee sufficient information and documents related to Russia and its fi-nancial dealings with President Trump and his associates, as well as outside organizations Russia used to help elect him. I originally asked for these docu-ments on May 10, 2017, and, to date, have still not received satisfactory re-sponses to these important matters. I have stated repeatedly that we must follow the money if we are going to get to the bottom of how Russia has attacked our democracy. That means thoroughly reviewing any information that relates to financial connections between Russia and President Trump and his associates, whether direct or laundered through hidden or illicit transactions. The Treasury Department for which Mr. Faulkender is nominated to serve is responsible for much of this informa-tion. The Treasury Department au-thorities include intelligence and en-forcement functions to combat finan-cial crimes and threats, including money laundering. For these reasons, I will object to any unanimous consent request con-cerning the nomination of Mr. Faulkender until these issues are re-solved. 
f 
NATIONAL POW/MIA RECOGNITION DAY Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize National POW/MIA Day and honor the servicemembers who have not yet made it home. We can never give up in bringing them home and getting answers for their loved ones who await their return. I commend those who work during this national recognition each Sep-tember and throughout the year to raise awareness about the continued need to return our missing servicemembers. This includes mem-bers of the POW*MIA Awareness Rally Corp. of Pocatello, ID, who hold rallies and other events to keep a spotlight on the immense service of our Nation’s veterans. Also, thank you to those who are working hard to bring all of our servicemembers home. The Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency, which is the organization primarily responsible for coordinating and conducting re-search and recovery efforts for POW and MIA soldiers, reports that more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.006 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6273 September 24, 2018 
than 82,000 Americans remain missing from World War II, the Korean war, the Vietnam war, the Cold War, the Gulf wars, and other conflicts. This includes 355 remaining POW and MIA veterans from Idaho. So far this month, the agency has reported accounting for 18 missing servicemembers, most of whom were lost in the attack on Pearl Har-bor. This work of identifying and re-turning our servicemembers is no doubt painstaking, but imperative. Until we account for all our missing and bring each of these Americans home, wounds remain unhealed. I pray that all of the families and friends of missing servicemembers ex-perience the long-awaited return of their loved ones. May all those who serve our Nation feel how grateful we are for their security of the blessings of our liberty. Let’s bring them all home. 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF INCORPORATION OF GREEN RIVER Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, this weekend we will celebrate the 150th an-niversary of the day that Green River, WY, became an incorporated munici-pality. Green River’s history is rich and full of national significance. The founding of Green River predates Wyoming’s statehood by 22 years. Green River was founded when the area was still a part of the Dakota Territory in 1868. Like many other towns across South-ern Wyoming, Green River was founded during the race to unite the world’s first transcontinental railroad. The railroad had the power to create a town along the route; 2,000 people resided in Green River when it was incorporated in 1868. Today, 2,000 people is still a good-sized town by Wyoming stand-ards. The railroad also had the power to destroy a town. There were many ghost towns left in Wyoming as the railroad moved on. Green River shrank to just 101 residents when the railroad moved its junction 12 miles west forming Bryan, WY, on the banks of the Blacks Fork River. Green River was on the verge of becoming a ghost town when a drought caused the Blacks Fork to run dry. Dependent on a water source, the railroad moved the junction back to Green River. Bryan became the ghost town while Green River became the Sweetwater County seat. The junction turned out to be a major stopover point for passenger traffic on the railroad. Movie stars would stop in Green River to change trains on their way from Hollywood to Sun Valley, ID. Even today, every few minutes, a train rumbles through Green River, connecting one side of the United States to the other. The ideal of Manifest Destiny is one we hold dear as Americans. That ideal and the spirit of exploration is rooted in the history of Green River. Major John Wesley Powell came to Green River in May of 1869 to launch an ex-ploration trip. The goal was to map the entire Green and Colorado River basin for the first time. This voyage would end up being one of the most signifi-cant in American history. Major Pow-ell lost his right arm serving his coun-try as an Army officer during the Civil War. That did not stop him from lead-ing nine men and four boats down the river in 1869 and again in 1871. Previous to Powell’s voyage, the area he would map was regarded as the last area of land in the continental United States that was unexplored. This all started in the town of Green River, which was less than a year old when the major departed on this first trip. Major John Wesley Powell spoke pas-sionately before he embarked. He spoke directly about the massive voy-age he was about to undertake into the unknown. ‘‘We have an unknown dis-tance yet to run, an unknown river to explore. What falls there are, we know not; what rocks beset the channel, we know not, what walls ride over the river, we know not. Ah, Well! We may conjecture many things.’’ His words live on today, not only to describe the voyage he was on, but to describe the voyage that the town of Green River was just beginning. After the railroad helped establish Green River, other industries flour-ished. Sweetwater County became a major producer of coal and oil. A few years later, a mineral named trona would be discovered just outside Green River. The process and technology to refine trona into soda ash would dras-tically change the economy of Green River. The Green River Basin is now known as the Trona Capital of the World. It is a fact that the natural re-sources we have in Wyoming are a blessing. Like Major John Wesley Powell said, ‘‘We have an unknown river to explore and an unknown distance to cover.’’ Over the past 150 years, the city of Green River has covered an impressive amount of distance down that un-known river. As Green River marks 150 years of in-corporation, I encourage my colleagues to join me in celebrating Green River’s rich heritage and history that provides a truly wonderful experience to those who call it home. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, as you may know, I strongly supported the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that passed the Senate and was signed into law last year. Over the 6 months since its pas-sage, the law’s positive impact on our country’s economy has become more apparent. Companies, both large and small, have directly experienced the benefits of the law and as a result are distributing bonuses, raising wages, and making new investments in their businesses. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship, I enthusiastically sup-ported the tax law because I believed it would reduce the tax rate for small businesses, encourage investment in small businesses, and increase the overall health of our economy. Over the last few months, I have been mak-ing this series of speeches to illustrate the benefits this law provides for small businesses. While much attention has been given in the past 6 months to the ways in which the law is leading to a positive business outlook and is lowering tax rates for individuals and corporations, the benefits that small businesses re-ceive are not always noticed. Today I wish to draw attention to how tax re-form is benefitting Li-Lac Chocolates, a small business in Brooklyn, NY. Li- Lac Chocolates makes a variety of chocolate treats the old-fashioned way. Li-Lac was founded by George Demetrious in 1923, with a single loca-tion in Manhattan’s Greenwich Village neighborhood, and today the company has four retail locations across New York City and a 9,000-square-foot plant in Brooklyn. After many years of steady success in Greenwich Village, Anthony Cirone and his partners pur-chased the company in 2011 with plans to expand the company’s sales and make the brand better known. To en-sure that the taste and craftsmanship the company was known for was not lost, Cirone enlisted the expertise of master chocolatier Anwar Khoder, who has worked at Li-Lac since the late 1980s and is now a part owner. Though the new owners have made changes to the packaging design and have focused on increasing online sales, Khoder still follows Demetrious’s original recipes and even uses manufacturing equip-ment from the company’s earliest days. Because of last year’s tax law, this small chocolate manufacturing busi-ness has been able to immediately de-duct improvements made to new store-fronts. This enables the company to in-crease its cash flow, hire more workers, and open new locations at a more rapid pace. Before the implementation of the new tax law small businesses had to deal with a complex expensing formula that took many years to make use of and made improvements much less at-tractive to small business owners. The immediate deduction of property im-provements for small businesses is one of the reasons that I supported the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Overall, the new tax law has been good for small businesses, and it has pushed many small busi-nesses to increase their capital invest-ments, hire additional workers, in-crease wages, and will lower small businesses’ annual tax payments. I am pleased that small businesses like Li- Lac Chocolates will be able to reduce their tax burden by making use of this modified provision and look forward to watching the company’s continued suc-cess. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PHIL NEUENFELDT Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Phil Neuenfeldt, presi-dent of the Wisconsin State AFL–CIO, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.011 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6274 September 24, 2018 
on his retirement. Throughout his long and remarkable career, Phil has been a passionate champion of fair wages and safe work environments for hard-work-ing Wisconsinites. After serving our country in the U.S. Navy from 1969 to 1971, Phil began his career on the shop floor of a manufac-turing company. He joined Inter-national Association of Machinists and Aerospace Local 1916 in 1973 and quick-ly became indispensable in the union’s fight for fair contracts and improved working conditions. In his 32 years at the Wisconsin AFL–CIO, Phil’s respon-sibilities grew from legislative director to secretary-treasurer and finally to president in 2010. Phil Neuenfeldt has long been one of Wisconsin’s strongest voices for the middle class and greatest protectors of fundamental freedoms for working peo-ple. Phil believes unequivocally in the dignity of work and the responsibility of employers to pay wages that can support a family, and he believes with every fiber of his being that workers deserve a seat at the bargaining table. Of his many accomplishments, Phil is perhaps best known for the Wisconsin Regional Training Partnership and Worker Centered Learning, which are programs he helped initiate that have become national models for job cre-ation and training. He was also instru-mental in defending the Family and Medical Leave Act, ensuring workers and families are protected when life circumstances required them to take care of loved ones. Phil is also known for pushing legislation to require pub-lic schools to teach the history of the labor movement, ensuring that genera-tions to come would know the cele-brated history of organized labor. Phil deserves to be proud of his out-standing leadership during some of la-bor’s most tumultuous times in State history. Facing unprecedented attacks on worker protections and the right to bargain collectively in 2011, he steered the Wisconsin labor movement through rough waters while the Nation looked on. Thanks to his leadership and perse-verance, the Wisconsin labor move-ment is back on the rise, once again building a stronger middle class and re-storing faith in the American dream. Today, as Phil retires as president of the Wisconsin AFL–CIO, I know he will never give up the fight that has made him the voice of those who work hard for a living. His engagement, his activ-ism and his efforts to organize for change are a true reflection of Wiscon-sin’s progressive traditions. I will be forever grateful for Phil’s passionate and loyal advocacy on behalf of Wis-consin workers and forever honored to call him my friend. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF ST. MAT-THEW CHRISTIAN EPISCOPAL CHURCH Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 100th anniver-sary of St. Matthew Christian Epis-copal Church in Milwaukee, WI. St. Matthew Christian Episcopal Church was established on September 15, 1918, and has been a pillar in the community for the last 100 years. The first service was held by Pastor W.S. Ferguson in his home with the church’s membership originally consti-tuting only seven people, including three family members and four Chris-tian followers. As the congregation slowly began to grow, the church sought out a permanent location of worship in Milwaukee, and with the de-termined efforts of the membership and personal sacrifices of the Pastor’s family, an initial payment for a church building on 538 West Walnut Street was made. St. Matthew’s went on to play a sig-nificant role in the civil rights move-ment of the 1960s, particularly during the campaign to desegregate Mil-waukee Public Schools. A coalition comprised of over a dozen civil rights groups known as the Milwaukee United School Integration Committee, MUSIC, was formed, and then-St. Matthew’s Pastor B.S. Gregg was a prominent member of the group. MUSIC con-ducted a series of demonstrations with the goal of pressuring the Milwaukee school board to put an end to de facto segregation in the city. A series of school boycotts were held, during which Freedom Schools were created to offer an alternative curriculum empha-sizing African-American history and activism. St. Matthew’s was proud to house one of the Freedom Schools dur-ing this time. The members and leaders of the church are proud of their rich heritage and the expansion of their Christian in-fluence in the community, which are demonstrated by their many active ministries that care for those in need. Rev. Richard D. Shaw has been leading the church since 2010, and under his guidance, St. Matthew’s has experi-enced a renewed and revived spirit. In the last 10 years, Reverend Shaw has worked on various boards and commit-tees throughout Milwaukee, including MICAH—Milwaukee Inner-City Con-gregations Allied for Hope—and has de-veloped many ministries within St. Matthew’s as well. St. Matthew Christian Episcopal Church provides a beacon of hope and a place of comfort during times of trial and uncertainty. Under the devoted guidance of its growing membership, may it continue to be a shining asset to the community for the next 100 years. f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE GREEN BAY PACKERS Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Green Bay Packers on the team’s 100th anniver-sary. I am honored to pay tribute to this iconic Wisconsin organization. In August of 1919, Green Bay, WI na-tives Earl ‘‘Curly’’ Lambeau and George Whitney Calhoun set out on a mission to find money to buy uniforms for their newly formed football team. They eventually found a willing donor in the Indian Packing Company, with the condition that the team take on the company’s name. Thus, the Green Bay Packers were born. Lambeau laid the foundation of the Green Bay Packers during the team’s first 30 years of existence as its founder and coach. He led the organization through some of the most tumultuous as well as some of the most successful times in the franchise’s history, win-ning multiple championships through-out the 1920s, 1930s, and 1940s. Fol-lowing his death in 1965, the Green Bay Packers changed the name of their City Stadium to Lambeau Field in his honor. The stadium, more commonly referred to by Wisconsinites as simply Lambeau, has become an historic monument and icon for professional sports fans throughout the world. In 1959, the Packers hired a new coach and general manager named Vince Lombardi. Lombardi’s success is legendary, coaching the Packers to five National Football League champion-ships and victories in the first two Super Bowl games in 1966 and 1967. Con-sidered by many to be the greatest coach in football history, the NFL Super Bowl trophy bears his name. Just as important as his coaching skills were the values he instilled in the organization. Lombardi had a zero-tolerance policy towards racism, making it known that players and staff would be removed from the team for racist comments. Lombardi made it known that he re-cruited players for their talent not their race, famously stating he ‘‘viewed his players as neither black nor white, but Packer green.’’ Today, head coach Mike McCarthy has guided the team through one of the most successful stretches in Packer history. He joins Vince Lombardi and Mike Holmgren as coaches who have led the Packers to Super Bowl vic-tories. The team is also fortunate to have immensely talented Aaron Rod-gers as quarterback. Rodgers, who was named NFL MVP in 2011 and 2014, has set numerous franchise records, includ-ing single season passing yards and touchdowns. The Green Bay Packers are the last of the small-town teams that were common in the NFL during the league’s early days of the 1920s and 1930s. Today, Green Bay is the smallest major league professional sports mar-ket in North America by far, but it hasn’t hampered the team’s success one bit. The Packers have won 13 league championships—nine pre-Super Bowl NFL titles and four Super Bowl victories—the most in NFL history. The Packers are also the only commu-nity-owned, nonprofit franchise in American professional sports. The team is owned not by a single indi-vidual but by more than 360,000 stock-holders. No tribute to the Packers would be complete without a nod to the team’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.013 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6275 September 24, 2018 
hardy and loyal fans. Every Packers game since 1960 has been sold out, and the season ticket waiting list is so long that it is estimated that a fan who puts his or her name on the waitlist today would first be able to purchase tickets in 2966. It is common for season tickets to be passed down to future genera-tions as a precious inheritance. The willingness of Wisconsin ‘‘cheeseheads’’ to endure harsh Wisconsin winters to watch their beloved team is also leg-endary. The stands were still full on December 31, 1967, with 16 seconds left, when Green Bay future Hall of Fame quarterback Bart Starr dove into the end zone to beat the warm-weather Dallas Cowboys 21–17 to claim their third consecutive NFL title. The tem-perature on the field at the end of the now-famous ‘‘Ice Bowl’’ was a frigid 18 degrees below 0. The trials and successes of the Green Bay Packers are woven into the fabric of Wisconsin culture. Generations of hard-working Wisconsinites have grown up cheering for the ‘‘Green and Gold.’’ I am honored to count myself among the team’s loyal fans who will celebrate their 100th anniversary this year and who look forward to many more hard-fought victories in the years to come. ‘‘Go Pack Go!’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO ADRIENNE ARSHT ∑Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I take this opportunity to honor the work of Ms. Adrienne Arsht on the occasion of the 5-year anniversary of the Adrienne Arsht Latin America Center at the At-lantic Council. Throughout her career, Ms. Arsht has worked in and called home New York, Miami, and Wash-ington, DC. Today, she tirelessly dedi-cates herself to promoting artistic, business, and civic growth in these three cities. In 2013, Ms. Arsht founded the Adri-enne Arsht Latin America Center at the Atlantic Council to broaden the un-derstanding of regional trans-formations with a focus on high-impact work that shapes the conversation among policymakers, the business community, and civil society. The cen-ter focuses on Latin America’s stra-tegic role in a global context with a priority on pressing political, eco-nomic, and social issues that will de-fine the trajectory of the region now and in the years ahead. Its work pro-vides an essential forum for navigating the dramatic economic and political changes defining the 21st century by informing and galvanizing its uniquely influential network of global leaders. In 2013, the Ambassador of Spain to the United States presented her with the prestigious Spanish diplomatic honor, Order of the Cross of Isabella the Catholic, for her contributions to-ward Spanish-speaking countries. Ear-lier this year, Ms. Arsht was awarded the distinguished Order of San Carlos of Colombia by direction of President Juan Manuel Santos to recognize her deep commitment and support of Co-lombia. Ms. Arsht serves as executive vice chair of the Atlantic Council. In 2017, she founded the Adrienne Arsht Center for Resilience to explore the intersec-tion between people and the geo-political events that affect them. From natural disasters and displacement, to global pandemics and terrorism, the Center for Resilience helps individuals, communities, and societies navigate the global changes that define the 21st century. Ms. Arsht has also been an ambas-sador for the arts in the United States. She has contributed to the preserva-tion and sustainability of multiple ar-tistic institutions in the cities she calls home. In Miami, she secured the financial footing of the city’s per-forming arts center, prompting its board to rename it the Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts of Miami-Dade County in 2008. Her con-tributions to the Lincoln Center in New York City were recognized with the dedication of the Adrienne Arsht Stage in Alice Tully Hall in 2012. In Washington, DC, she created the Adri-enne Arsht Theater Fund at the Ken-nedy Center to support a wide variety of musical productions. Ms. Arsht was awarded the Carnegie Hall 2017 Medal of Excellence, recognizing her vision-ary and outstanding contributions to cultural and nonprofit institutions na-tionally. Adrienne Arsht is a philanthropist at heart and an extraordinary business leader who serves our country and ad-vances international understanding. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GAY AND LES-BIAN COMMUNITY CENTER OF SOUTHERN NEVADA Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, for 25 years the Gay and Lesbian Com-munity Center, ‘‘the Center,’’ of South-ern Nevada has served as a vital re-source for the LGBTQ community and their allies in and around Las Vegas. The Center offers essential services such as comprehensive sex education and college and career readiness, all while fighting to end discrimination against and further the well-being of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer community. In 1993, the Gay and Lesbian Commu-nity Center of Southern Nevada pur-chased a building and opened its doors, becoming the first safe public space in Las Vegas for LGBTQ people. That year, the Nevada Legislature repealed sodomy laws and the Center hosted its first LGBTQ rights celebration. Since then, the Center has continued to grow with the city and has hosted many more events, including to cele-brate the Supreme Court decision insti-tuting marriage equality nationwide. The Center also celebrated the opening of a new building in 2013 named after Las Vegas philanthropist Robert Forbuss. The Center has increased its services, outreach, and membership throughout the years and has formed valuable community partnerships with government entities, private compa-nies, and other nonprofits in order to maintain its no-cost community pro-gramming. For two and a half decades, the Cen-ter has been unwavering in its commit-ment to the people of southern Nevada. The Center will continue to be on the leading edge of advocacy for the human rights of gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender, and queer individuals. I ask my colleagues to join me in thank-ing the Gay and Lesbian Center of Southern Nevada for its dedication to ensuring all Nevadans are treated equally and for its service to the com-munity over the past 25 years. f 
TRIBUTE TO LAURA LANDERMAN- GARBER ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I am proud to recognize Laura Landerman- Garber of Hollis, NH, who truly em-bodies our State’s all-hands-on-deck spirit, as September’s Granite Stater of the Month. One holiday season years ago, Laura read a story about the importance of remembering servicemembers away from home during the holidays. So dur-ing a holiday dinner, she set out cards and told her family and guests that she would start serving turkey dinner after they each wrote a card to a service-member. This tradition continued and grew last year when a family friend was stationed on an aircraft carrier, the U.S.S. Theodore Roosevelt, inspiring Laura to try to send a card to each member of the crew—or 5,000 cards. To accomplish this task, Laura mobi-lized her community. She reached out to churches, synagogues, scout troops, and schools. She also talked to the local media and public officials. In-stead of receiving 5,000 cards, Laura re-ceived 17,000 cards for members of the Navy in just 6 weeks. As Laura says, New Hampshire may be small in size, but we are mighty in heart. She has decided to continue her mission to honor our heroes serving in the Armed Forces and says she draws particular inspiration to carry on her tradition after meeting a Vietnam war veteran who described a card he had framed on the wall of his house, writ-ten to him by a boy he has never met. This year, Laura has formed a non-profit organization to help with the postage and has expanded her goals; she aims to collect 5,000 cards for each branch of our military, 25,000 total. Al-ready, Laura has said the outpouring of support from the entire New Hamp-shire community has been incredible, reinforcing that, from preschoolers to seniors, the people of New Hampshire exhibit a remarkable generosity of heart and spirit. Laura is confident that, this year, she will once again meet her goal. For her dedication to our servicemembers and for her work to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.015 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6276 September 24, 2018 
bring Granite Starters together, I am proud of to recognize Laura as our Sep-tember Granite Stater of the Month. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RED ARNDT ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Red Arndt for his many years of service to the Lewis & Clark Re-gional Water System, as well as his lifetime commitment to bringing safe and reliable water to the rural corners of this country. Born Lennis Arndt on May 1, 1948, he earned the nickname, ‘‘Red,’’ while in grade school from his full head of red hair. The name stuck, and most people only know him today as Red Arndt. Red grew up in Springfield, MN, about 90 minutes from his current hometown, Luverne, where he first started working in 1989 as their public utilities director. Shortly after begin-ning his new position, Red heard about a proposal to bring water from the Mis-souri River in South Dakota to the sur-rounding States. A major undertaking with more people doubting the idea than supporting, Red saw the oppor-tunity and potential, recommending to the mayor and city council that Luverne join and become one of the first members of the corporation that would later become the Lewis & Clark Regional Water System. Seeing Lewis & Clark develop from conception to construction was a labor of love for Red and a mission he fought hard to achieve. Red, one of only two original directors from 1990 still on the board, held a shovel when the ground was first broke in 2003. He has probably made over 60 trips to Washington, DC, and many more to the State capitals and attended countless county, city, and community meetings. Fighting to get Lewis & Clark off the ground was just a starting point for Red. He has worked tirelessly on behalf of the project, serving as the vice chairman of the board beginning in 1994, until becoming the board chair-man in 2006, a position he still holds. Lewis & Clark has experienced ups and downs during those years; yet under Red’s leadership, over 200 miles of pipe-line have been laid in the ground cur-rently delivering much needed water to 14 member communities and rural water projects, reaching over 300,000 people across South Dakota, Min-nesota, and Iowa. He has seen over $470 million in funding to Lewis & Clark, including $57 million in advance fund-ing from the three States. Red’s indisputable dedication was demonstrated when he participated in the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the water treatment plant in August 2012, a mere 2 weeks after having open heart surgery. His fellow directors surprised him at the ceremony by presenting him with the Lewis & Clark Trailblazer Award, which is the organization’s highest honor. In May 2016, Luverne was finally able to celebrate their connection to Lewis & Clark, with Red reveling in taking the first swig of water. It was at this ceremony that the meter building in Luverne was dedicated in Red’s honor. Red will be the first to acknowledge that this endeavor, benefiting genera-tions to come in the tristate area, has been a true team effort. But, there is no question Red’s vision for the future, dogged dedication, and strong leader-ship have been a driving force through the years. When he is not dedicating his time to Lewis & Clark, Red is a proud father of three boys—all sharing his red hair— and grandfather of three red-headed lit-tle girls. His family is his pride and joy. You will often find Red wearing a pin honoring his son who served in the U.S. Air Force. As a dessert first type of guy, Red lives life to the fullest, enjoying travel, fishing and numerous other outdoor ac-tivities in his free time, as well as hanging out in his ‘‘man cave.’’ I am grateful for his commitment to public service, his hard work on behalf of Lewis & Clark, and, more importantly, I am proud to call him a friend. I commend Red Arndt for his many great contributions and wish him the best as he continues to make the most out of the life God has given. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STAMATIOS ‘‘TOM’’ KRIMIGIS ∑Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Stamatios ‘‘Tom’’ Krimigis on the occasion of his 80th birthday and 50th anniversary of service to the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory. Dr. Krimigis is one of our Nation’s brightest minds in the field of space science, and I and countless others rely on his knowledge and good counsel. He has had an amazing journey from hum-ble beginnings on the Greek island of Chios to become one of the world’s most brilliant and renowned space sci-entists. The launch of Sputnik in 1957 drew his eye to the sky and inspired him to study physics and space science, so he came to the United States at the age of 18 to enroll at the University of Min-nesota. Upon finishing college, he went to the University of Iowa to work for James Van Allen, who had been the principal investigator on Explorer 1, which was the U.S. first satellite. In 1968, he joined Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory. He was the head of the space department from 1991 to 2004 and has been the emeritus head and principal staff scientist since then. Dr. Krimigis has led pioneering re-search into the Earth’s environment, its magnetosphere, the Sun, the inter-planetary medium, and the magnetospheres of the planets. He was critical in helping NASA shape its ap-proach to planetary exploration and has published more than 600 articles in scientific journals and books. He re-mains the only scientist to lead inves-tigations of every planet in our solar system. In 1999, the International As-tronomical Union named the asteroid 8323 Krimigis, previously 1979 UH, in his honor. In addition to being a brilliant sci-entist in his own right, Dr. Krimigis has mentored countless scientists, en-gineers, and staff at the Applied Phys-ics Lab, showing extraordinary gen-erosity with his time to develop new generations of leaders. He is always willing to share his insights and pro-vide thoughtful guidance. I am lucky to have Tom as a friend and adviser who has provided insights and infec-tious enthusiasm for the work being done by he and his colleagues at the Applied Physics Lab. I was thrilled to join Tom to witness some of his major successes, like the Near Earth Asteroid Rendezvous in 1998 and the Pluto fly-by in 2015. Dr. Tom Krimigis has a special abil-ity to help people understand the value of investing in our ability to explore our planets and peer into the depths of space, both to maintain America’s technological edge and to help answer basic universal questions about our place in the universe. I am honored to recognize him today and to wish him a happy 80th birthday.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on September 20, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ESSER ) had signed the following en-rolled bills: 
S. 97. An act to enable civilian research and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies by private and public institu-tions, to expand theoretical and practical knowledge of nuclear physics, chemistry, and materials science, and for other pur-poses. S. 2946. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.017 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6277 September 24, 2018 
Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that pursuant to section 214(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20944), the Minority Leader reappoints Dr. Philip B. Stark of Berkeley, California, to the U.S. Election Assistance Commission Board of Advisors. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, Sep-tember 24, 2018, he has signed the fol-lowing enrolled bills, previously signed by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ESSER ) of the House: 
S. 97. An act to enable civilian research and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies by private and public institu-tions, to expand theoretical and practical knowledge of nuclear physics, chemistry, and materials science, and for other pur-poses. S. 2946. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, September 24, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 97. An act to enable civilian research and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies by private and public institu-tions, to expand theoretical and practical knowledge of nuclear physics, chemistry, and materials sciences, and for other pur-poses. S. 2946. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH): S. 3480. A bill to modify the boundaries of the Pole Creek Wilderness, the Owyhee River Wilderness, and the North Fork Owyhee Wil-derness, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. H
ARRIS , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): S. 3481. A bill to amend the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 to require issuers to disclose certain activities relating to cli-mate change, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 3482. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the Emergency Medical Services for Children program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. H ATCH ): S. 3483. A bill to direct the Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Intellectual Prop-erty and Director of the United States Pat-ent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration, to conduct a study and provide recommendations to promote the participation of women, minorities, and vet-erans in entrepreneurship activities and the patent system, to extend by 8 years the au-thority of the United States Patent and Trademark Office to set the amounts for the fees that the Office charges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. ENZI): S. 3484. A bill to modernize Federal grant reporting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Ms. S
TABENOW ): S. 3485. A bill to allow States to expand basic health programs to cover more low-in-come individuals at lower cost; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. K AINE, Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 3486. A bill to provide humanitarian re-lief to the Venezuelan people and Venezuelan migrants, to advance a constitutional and democratic solution to Venezuela’s political crisis, to address Venezuela’s economic re-construction, to combat public corruption, narcotics trafficking, and money laundering, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ): S.J. Res. 64. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of the Treas-ury relating to ‘‘Returns by Exempt Organi-zations and Returns by Certain Non-Exempt Organizations’’; to the Committee on Fi-nance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ): S. Res. 643. A resolution honoring the memory of the victims of the brutal and senseless attack at a country music festival in Las Vegas, Nevada, 1 year ago; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE): S. Res. 644. A resolution recognizing the significant contribution of the Country Music Association and designating Sep-tember 25, 2018, ‘‘Country Music Association Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. Res. 645. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2018 as ‘‘National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 206 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. HOEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 206, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Secretary of Education to award job training Federal Pell Grants. 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OT-
TON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 281, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per- country numerical limitation for em-ployment-based immigrants, to in-crease the per-country numerical limi-tation for family-sponsored immi-grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 384 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 384, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 915 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 915, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to re-peal the Government pension offset and windfall elimination provisions. 
S. 1042 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1042, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to exclude Segal Americorps Education Awards and re-lated awards from income. At the request of Mr. B
ENNET , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1042, supra. 
S. 2046 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2046, a bill to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evaluation activities, improve Federal data management, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the ex-pansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2208 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2208, a bill to provide for the issuance of an Alzheimer’s Disease Re-search Semipostal Stamp. 
S. 2501 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2501, a bill to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.020 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6278 September 24, 2018 
Omnibus Parks and Public Lands Man-agement Act of 1996 to provide for the establishment of a Ski Area Fee Reten-tion Account. 
S. 2568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2568, a bill to amend sec-tion 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the indi-vidual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 2934 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2934, a bill to increase the recruit-ment and retention of school-based mental health services providers by low-income local educational agencies. 
S. 2945 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2945, a bill to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a housing choice voucher mobility demonstration to encourage families receiving the voucher assistance to move to lower- poverty areas and expand access to op-portunity areas. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2957, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agri-culture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2971, a bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to pro-hibit animal fighting in the United States territories. 
S. 3089 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3089, a bill to provide for an increase, effective December 1, 2018, in the rates of compensation for vet-erans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the sur-vivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 3165 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3165, a bill to reauthorize the Inter-agency Committee on Women’s Busi-ness Enterprise, and for other purposes. 
S. 3181 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. COTTON ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3181, a bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to in-clude in periodic health assessments, separation history and physical exami-nations, and other assessments an eval-uation of whether a member of the Armed Forces has been exposed to open burn pits or toxic airborne chemicals, and for other purposes. 
S. 3231 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3231, a bill to establish the Task Force on the Impact of the Affordable Housing Crisis, and for other purposes. 
S. 3257 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Sen-ator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3257, a bill to impose sanctions on foreign persons responsible for serious violations of international law regard-ing the protection of civilians during armed conflict, and for other purposes. 
S. 3290 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3290, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in com-memoration of the centennial of the establishment of the Tomb of the Un-known Soldier. 
S. 3321 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3321, a bill to award Congressional Gold Medals to Kath-erine Johnson and Dr. Christine Dar-den and to posthumously award Con-gressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson in recogni-tion of their contributions to the suc-cess of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration during the Space Race. 
S. 3352 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3352, a bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue regulations re-lating to commercial motor vehicle drivers under the age of 21, and for other purposes. 
S. 3435 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3435, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of Education to issue guidance and recommendations for in-stitutions of higher education on re-moving criminal and juvenile justice questions from their application for ad-missions process. S. 3436 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3436, a bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to provide for greater spousal pro-tection under defined contribution plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 3459 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3459, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-pand the credit for expenditures to pro-vide access to disabled individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 3462 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3462, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option to provide med-ical assistance for substance use dis-order treatment services to individuals between the ages of 21 and 64 with sub-stance use disorders, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3467 
At the request of Mr. J ONES , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3467, a bill to perma-nently reauthorize mandatory funding programs for historically Black col-leges and universities and other minor-ity-serving institutions. 
S. 3469 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3469, a bill to provide for the inclusion on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial of the names for the crew members of the U.S.S. Frank E. Evans killed on June 3, 1969. 
S. RES. 606 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 606, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate that the United States condemns all forms of violence against children globally and recognizes the harmful impacts of violence against children. 
S. RES. 610 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 610, a resolution urging the release of information regarding the Sep-tember 11, 2001, terrorist attacks upon the United States. At the request of Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 610, supra. 
S. RES. 632 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.023 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6279 September 24, 2018 
New Hampshire (Ms. H ASSAN ), the Sen-ator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABE -
NOW), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 632, a resolution designating September 2018 as ‘‘National Workforce Development Month’’ . 
S. RES. 641 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 641, a resolution marking 1 year since the landfall of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. S CHATZ ): S. 3482. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the Emergency Medical Services for Chil-dren program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to speak about legislation to re-authorize the Emergency Medical Serv-ices for Children program administered by the Health Resources and Services Administration’s Maternal and Child Health Bureau. I want to thank my fel-low bill sponsors, Senators C
ASEY and S
CHATZ , for their dedication to improv-ing children’s health and for working with me to extend this important pro-gram once again. I am honored to have helped create the EMSC program with Senator Dan-iel Inouye in 1984, and I take great pride in the work that I have done since then to reauthorize it over the years. As we near the 35th anniversary of EMSC, we can look back on the great progress we have made. Indeed, we have made significant strides in as-suring that emergency medical per-sonnel and systems are trained to ef-fectively treat pediatric patients while in transport to a medical facility. As we have said time and time again, children are not just small adults. They have different medical needs, pre-senting special challenges for emer-gency and trauma care providers. From smaller-sized medical equipment to dif-ferent dosage requirements for medi-cines, pediatric patients have impor-tant physical, mental, and develop-mental differences from adults. It is the EMSC program that ensures state- of-the-art emergency medical care for all sick or injured children and adoles-cents across the entire spectrum of care. My home State of Utah has played such an influential role with EMSC in advancing the level of emergency med-ical care for children. The University of Utah is home to the EMSC pro-gram’s National Emergency Medical Services for Children Data Analysis Resource Center, which is critical to helping States to evaluate EMS system effectiveness and pediatric patient care. Also housed at the University of Utah is the Central Data Management Coordinating Center for the Pediatric Emergency Care Applied Research Net-work. The DCC serves as the central data repository for the PECARN, which conducts high-priority, multi-institu-tional research on the prevention and management of acute illnesses and in-juries in youth of all ages. Throughout its history, EMSC has re-ceived overwhelming bipartisan sup-port. The program makes a large im-pact with a relatively small budget, aiding all 50 States, the District of Co-lumbia, and U.S. territories in improv-ing their EMS systems, and developing improved procedures and protocols for treating children. I urge my colleagues to support our reauthorization bill so that the EMSC program will continue to improve emergency medical care for children in the United States. By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ): S.J. Res. 64. A joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of the Treasury relat-ing to ‘‘Returns by Exempt Organiza-tions and Returns by Certain Non-Ex-empt Organizations’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 643—HON-ORING THE MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS OF THE BRUTAL AND SENSELESS ATTACK AT A COUN-TRY MUSIC FESTIVAL IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1 YEAR AGO Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 643 Whereas, in the late hours of Sunday, Oc-tober 1, 2017, an individual killed 58 people and wounded more than 800 innocent people in a horrific attack at the Route 91 Harvest festival in Las Vegas, Nevada, with more than 22,000 people in attendance; Whereas President Donald Trump called the attack an act of pure evil and said that unity cannot be shattered by evil and that the bonds between the people of the United States cannot be broken by violence; Whereas the attack is the deadliest mass shooting in the modern history of the United States; Whereas the Las Vegas Metropolitan Po-lice Department and other law enforcement professionals within the city of Las Vegas and Clark County, Nevada, including emer-gency response teams from Henderson and North Las Vegas, the Nevada Department of Public Safety, the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, military service members and veterans, ambulatory services, and other emergency and health care professionals responded to the attack bravely, admirably, and in a co-ordinated manner, saving many lives; Whereas doctors, nurses, paramedics, and other medical professionals worked around the clock under harrowing circumstances to provide life-saving care for hundreds of vic-tims; Whereas, during the attack, countless ci-vilians selflessly assisted victims and, fol-lowing the attack— (1) hundreds of individuals stood in long lines to donate blood for those who were in-jured in the attack; and (2) the people of Las Vegas, Clark County, the State of Nevada, and the United States expressed overwhelming financial, physical, and emotional support for the victims and the families of the victims; Whereas local organizations, businesses, and caregivers came together with Federal, State, and local government agencies to sup-port the victims and help the community heal; Whereas Nevada has a vibrant and re-nowned tourism economy that has continued to thrive, attracting and welcoming millions of visitors from across the United States and internationally, and emergency management officials have diligently dedicated local and Federal resources to boost public safety and security in Las Vegas, Nevada; and Whereas October 1, 2018, marks 1 year since the horrific attack: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commemorates the victims killed in the attack and offers heartfelt condolences and deepest sympathies to the families, loved ones, and friends of the victims; (2) honors the survivors and pledges con-tinued support for their recovery; (3) offers compassion to those who at-tended the event, but were not physically in-jured, and are dealing with symptoms of post-traumatic stress or seeking grief coun-seling; (4) recognizes the spirit and resilience of the Las Vegas and Nevada communities; (5) applauds the dedication and bravery of local, State, and Federal law enforcement and counterterrorism officials and emer-gency medical and health care professionals for their coordinated efforts in responding to the attack, securing the community, and providing treatment; and (6) expresses gratitude to the Las Vegas community, Nevadans, and all people of the United States, as well as local, State, and Federal governments, for coming together to support the families of the victims and sur-vivors. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 644—RECOG-NIZING THE SIGNIFICANT CON-TRIBUTION OF THE COUNTRY MUSIC ASSOCIATION AND DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 25, 2018, ‘‘COUNTRY MUSIC ASSOCIATION DAY’’ Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 644 Whereas the Country Music Association was founded in 1958 as the first not-for-profit trade organization to promote a genre of music; Whereas the organization began with 160 members and has grown to more than 7,400 industry professionals around the world, rep-resenting every aspect of the business— (1) to guide the evolution of country music; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.025 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6280 September 24, 2018 
(2) to provide unity of purpose within the industry; Whereas the long-standing mission of the Country Music Association is to heighten the awareness of country music around the world and to support the continued growth of country music by recognizing excellence in the genre and serving as a repository for critical and timely information and commu-nication, all while providing a forum for in-dustry leadership; Whereas country music is the story of the United States, one that celebrates everyday life, evoking celebration and pain, joy and sorrow, love and loss, and connecting those near and far, in the United States and across the globe; Whereas the preservation by the Country Music Association of the uniquely rich herit-age and time-honored traditions of country music continues to lead the advancement of country music; Whereas the Country Music Association Foundation, the philanthropic arm of the Country Music Association established in 2011, is committed to improving and sus-taining music education programs across the United States, having invested more than $21,000,000 through the date of adoption of this resolution; Whereas, in 2018, the Country Music Asso-ciation celebrates 60 years of honoring the success of its leaders and professionals and its unique ability— (1) to embrace risks and change; and (2) to bring a sense of unity to the genre and the country music community; and Whereas the people of the United States recognize the excellence of the Country Music Association: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate recognizes the significant contributions of the Country Music Association over 60 years and des-ignates September 25, 2018, as ‘‘Country Music Association Day’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 645—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL PROSTATE CANCER AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 645 Whereas over 2,900,000 men in the United States live with prostate cancer; Whereas 1 in 9 men in the United States will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in their lifetimes and 1 in 41 men in the United States will die from prostate cancer; Whereas prostate cancer is the most com-monly diagnosed nonskin cancer and the sec-ond-leading cause of cancer-related deaths among men in the United States; Whereas the American Cancer Society esti-mates that in 2018, 164,690 men will be diag-nosed with, and more than 29,430 men will die of, prostate cancer; Whereas 42.2 percent of newly diagnosed prostate cancer cases occur in men under the age of 65; Whereas the odds of developing prostate cancer rise rapidly after age 50; Whereas African-American men suffer from a prostate cancer incidence rate that is significantly higher than that of White men and have more than double the prostate can-cer mortality rate than that of White men; Whereas having a father or brother with prostate cancer more than doubles the risk of a man developing prostate cancer, with a higher risk for men who have a brother with the disease and the highest risk for men with several affected relatives; Whereas screening by a digital rectal ex-amination and a prostate-specific antigen blood test can detect the disease at the ear-lier, more treatable stages, which could in-crease the chances of survival for more than 5 years to nearly 100 percent; Whereas only 30 percent of men survive more than 5 years if diagnosed with prostate cancer after the cancer has metastasized; Whereas there are no noticeable symptoms of prostate cancer in the early stages, mak-ing appropriate screening critical; Whereas, in fiscal year 2018, the Director of the National Institutes of Health supported approximately $259,000,000 in research projects focused specifically on prostate can-cer; Whereas ongoing research promises further improvements in prostate cancer prevention, early detection, and treatment; and Whereas educating people in the United States, including health care providers, about prostate cancer and early detection strategies is crucial to saving the lives of men and preserving and protecting families: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 2018 as ‘‘National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month’’; (2) declares that steps should be taken— (A) to raise awareness about the impor-tance of screening methods for, and treat-ment of, prostate cancer; (B) to encourage research— (i) to improve screening and treatment for prostate cancer; (ii) to discover the causes of prostate can-cer; and (iii) to develop a cure for prostate cancer; and (C) to continue to consider ways to im-prove access to, and the quality of, health care services for detecting and treating pros-tate cancer; and (3) calls on the people of the United States, interest groups, and affected persons— (A) to promote awareness of prostate can-cer; (B) to take an active role in the fight to end the devastating effects of prostate can-cer on individuals, families, and the econ-omy; and (C) to observe National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month with appropriate cere-monies and activities. f 
SAM FARR AND NICK CASTLE PEACE CORPS REFORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 508, H.R. 2259. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2259) to amend the Peace Corps Act to expand services and benefits for vol-unteers, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ROUNDS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. ROUNDS. I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 2259) was passed. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS OF THE BRUTAL AND SENSELESS ATTACK AT A COUN-TRY MUSIC FESTIVAL IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1 YEAR AGO Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 643, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 643) honoring the memory of the victims of the brutal and senseless attack at a country music festival in Las Vegas, Nevada, 1 year ago. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. ROUNDS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the take with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 643) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
COUNTRY MUSIC ASSOCIATION DAY Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 644, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 644) recognizing the significant contribution of the Country Music Association and designating Sep-tember 25, 2018, ‘‘Country Music Association Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.030 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6281 September 24, 2018 
The resolution (S. Res. 644) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL PROSTATE CANCER AWARENESS MONTH Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 645, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 645) designating Sep-tember 2018 as ‘‘National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 645) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 2018 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Sep-tember 25; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Feldman nomination under the previous order; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly caucus meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:55 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, September 25, 2018, at 10 a.m. NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
BIMAL PATEL, OF GEORGIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE CHRISTOPHER CAMP-BELL, RESIGNED. 
UNITED NATIONS  
RON JOHNSON, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE A REPRESENTA-TIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEV-ENTY–THIRD SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS. JEFF MERKLEY, OF OREGON, TO BE A REPRESENTA-TIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEV-ENTY–THIRD SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
PAMELA BATES, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE ORGANIZA-TION FOR ECONOMIC COOPERATION AND DEVELOPMENT, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
MINA CHANG, OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ADMIN-ISTRATOR OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, VICE JONATHAN NICHOLAS STIVERS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
SARAH–ANN LYNCH, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE CO–OPERATIVE REPUBLIC OF GUY-ANA. 
UNITED NATIONS  
MARGARITA PALAU–HERNANDEZ, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEVENTY–THIRD SESSION OF THE GEN-ERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
SUSAN N. STEVENSON, OF WASHINGTON, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF EQUATORIAL GUINEA. 
UNITED NATIONS  
ELIZABETH ERIN WALSH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA, TO BE A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEVENTY–THIRD SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JERRY D. HARRIS, JR. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. ANDREW L. LEWIS 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be major 
PATRICK C. DEGRAAF TIMOTHY B. MITCHELL BRAD D. NELSON CHRISTOPHER L. PRIDGEN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOHN J. KAIKKONEN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MARC A. PATTERSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
JAMES E. MATISKO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
JAMES B. ELLEDGE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
TILFORD L. CLARK 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO BE A FOR-EIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: SANDI R. B. ALLAWAY, OF WASHINGTON DANA A. BARNHILL, OF WASHINGTON SHIRIN BASKEY, OF TEXAS ALISON F. BASSI, OF ILLINOIS EMMANIA R. BLUM, OF NEW YORK BRYAN T. BURKE, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW CARNEY, OF VIRGINIA TIMOTHY R. CARPENTER, OF TEXAS PHATHANIE CHAPMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ERIC R. COULSON, OF CALIFORNIA EAVAN K. CULLY, OF NEW YORK MEGHAN E. DEAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PATRICK G. DIGNAN, OF FLORIDA KEVIN G. ELLERBROCK, OF OHIO LYLE S. GOODE, OF CALIFORNIA CHRISTOPHER J. GROTH, OF CALIFORNIA TARA N. HALL, OF TENNESSEE KELLY L. HART, OF TEXAS LEE A. HILGARTNER, OF ALASKA WILLIAM C. HOPE, OF WASHINGTON ARIEL A. HUERTA, OF CALIFORNIA GABRIEL L. HURST, OF NEW YORK MICHAEL J. KLINE, OF VIRGINIA ANASTASIA M. KOLIVAS, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE ANDREW G. LEYVA, OF VIRGINIA KRISTIN M. LUNDBERG, OF VIRGINIA GARHETT G. MECHAM, OF NEVADA KEVIN A. MILES, OF CALIFORNIA KENNETH C. MILLEN, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT EUGENE MILLER, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN B. MILLS, OF VIRGINIA ADNAN S. MITHANI, OF TEXAS GILLIAN S. OAK, OF VIRGINIA FRED F. ODISHO, OF ILLINOIS MICHAEL A. OSKIN, OF ILLINOIS KURT D. PEARSON, OF VIRGINIA TRISHA LYONS PRESTO, OF MARYLAND PAIGE T. PUNTSO, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE KRISTINA ROSALES KOSTRUKOVA, OF VIRGINIA JOHN THOMAS ROSEN–MOLINA, OF CALIFORNIA ANDREA M. SANTORO, OF TEXAS MARK J. SCHAVER, OF KENTUCKY KATHRYNE BRIDGIT SCHILLING, OF TEXAS BRYAN E. SCHUBERT, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NABIL A. SIDDIQI, OF VIRGINIA HANNAH SIN, OF CALIFORNIA JOHN THOMAS V. SKERRY III, OF VIRGINIA EMMA JANE TEWKSBURY–VOLPE, OF PENNSYLVANIA ZOE R. TREUER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AMELIA B. VANDERLAAN, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE FREDERIC VELLUCCI, OF VIRGINIA DAVID L. WILLEY, OF SOUTH DAKOTA HUI JUN TINA WONG, OF VIRGINIA SHIRLENE YEE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate September 24, 2018: 
INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERGY AGENCY  
JACKIE WOLCOTT, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE REPRESENTA-TIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERGY AGENCY, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. 
UNITED NATIONS  
JACKIE WOLCOTT, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE REPRESENTA-TIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE VI-ENNA OFFICE OF THE UNITED NATIONS, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.018 S24SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1281 September 24, 2018 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 13, 2018 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank Ranking Member L
OWEY and all of the Rank-ing Members of these subcommittees for their leadership and negotiation skills. This bill is truly a testament to Democratic leadership. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Appropria-tions Committee, I rise today to speak on H.R. 5895, the conference report that contains the Fiscal Year 2019 bills for Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, Energy and Water, and the Legislative Branch. While this is not a perfect bill, I support this bill, which provides $8.8 million in new funding for Members to pay interns. As someone who started as an intern in the office of the late Congressman Ron Dellums, I know how im-portant interns are to ensure that Capitol Hill runs smoothly. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Military- Veterans Affairs Subcommittee, I am proud that this bill provides a total of $97.1 billion in spending—which is $5.15 billion more than the fiscal year 2018—for our veterans. The bill also includes important report lan-guage which ensures greater oversight of jointly managed projects between the VA and the Army Corps of Engineers, like the Ala-meda Point project in my district. Finally, while this is a good bill, I worry that this bill is short-sighted and will not address future funding needs for the VA Mission Act. As the daughter of a veteran, I know that our servicemembers and their families make enor-mous sacrifices to serve our nation. Their tireless service more than earns them our commitment to addressing this funding issue. So, I look forward to continuing to work on this and improve quality of life for our servicemembers and their families. But I am deeply concerned, Mr. Speaker, about the $65 million included in the Energy and Water Appropriations bill for a new low- yield nuclear weapon. I tried in Committee and on the Floor to cut this funding, but Repub-licans rejected my amendment. Mr. Speaker, the warhead funded in this bill would set a dangerous precedent—that of arming our submarines with a low-yield bal-listic missile—something that has never been done in the many decades of our nuclear de-terrence. What’s worse—funding this warhead lowers the threshold for nuclear weapons use and could put us on a dangerous path to war. And frankly our nation shouldn’t just rely on building more nuclear weapons. We must en-sure that diplomacy is our nation’s first path-way to address these global challenges. Mr. Speaker, we are making Americans less safe with this nuclear weapon. I am deeply disturbed with this inclusion and I hope my colleagues will join me in opposition to this funding of a nuclear weapon. f 
HONORING CHRIS MAZDZER FOR WINNING A SILVER MEDAL IN THE 2018 WINTER OLYMPICS 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 24, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chris Mazdzer, who made history at the 2018 Winter Olympic Games in Pyeong Chang. Hailing from our very own Saranac Lake, New York, Chris is an American Olympian sensation. Chris made his debut in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and then again in the 2014 Sochi games, where both times he finished 13th in men’s singles luge. But it was not until 2018 that Chris made history and fin-ished with an incredible silver medal win, Team USA’s first ever medal in that event. Chris trained tirelessly at the Olympic Training Center in Lake Placid, and I know he has in-spired the next generation of athletes from across our region. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I am proud to congratulate Chris Mazdzer for his well-earned silver medal, and honor him for showing the world just what the North Country has to offer. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF SERGEANT COLIN GEORGE DRAKE 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 24, 2018 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate and honor the life and service of Sergeant Colin George Drake from New Richmond, Wisconsin. As a member of the U.S. Army, Sergeant Drake embodied the best qualities of all Amer-icans. He was loyal to his country, respected by his battalion, and loved by his family and community. Sergeant Drake committed his life to help others. He enlisted in the United States Army as a Behavioral Health Techni-cian and voluntarily served on two consecutive deployments to Kuwait in 2012 and 2013 as a member of the 785th Medical Detachment, Combat Operational Stress Control, in Madi-son. Sergeant Drake faithfully served his country until his death on June 1, 2018. Sergeant Drake’s exemplary service will al-ways be remembered. His family, his home State of Wisconsin, and his country are eter-nally grateful for his sacrifice. It is my honor to pay tribute to him and I urge my colleagues to join me today in honoring the life of Sergeant Colin Drake for the sacrifice he made for this country and for our freedom. f 
HONORING ALONNA K. RUBIN 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 24, 2018 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the service of Alonna K. Rubin, Presi-dent and Founder of Families In Arms, a non- profit dedicated to help children with autism and their families. Mrs. Rubin received her B.S. in Broadcast Journalism and Speech Communication in 1995. She went on to get her M.S. in Edu-cation in 1997. Married to David in 2000, they welcomed their first son, Jack in 2001. When Jack was diagnosed with Autism at age two, Alonna resigned from her teaching position and became a full-time advocate for her son. She immersed herself in Jack’s therapies, and worked alongside specialists to ensure effec-tiveness of therapies and strategies. In 2005, David and Alonna were blessed with another little boy, Carter. Since 2008, Alonna has been Co-President of her local school district’s Spe-cial Education PTA and was an instructor with The Long Island Institute of Professional Stud-ies, teaching ‘‘Assisting Students With Autism in the Classroom’’ for several years. Alonna has been a guest lecturer for Touro College, ‘‘Identifying and developing Programs for Gift-ed Students with Learning Disabilities’’, as well as giving presentations for Superintendent’s Conference days for various school districts on Special Education and Autism. Alonna is the founder of Families in Arms, Inc., along with her father and co-founder Ric Mango. The mission of Families in Arms is to give families of children with Autism, the oppor-tunity to create memories that go far beyond the walls of therapy. 1 in 59 children in the United States are diagnosed with Autism. Early intervention is the key to helping children with Autism begin to make the greatest strides. Children with Autism typically begin therapy at or around the age of two, often times between 25–40 hours per week. Families In Arms works to help these very special children and their families step out be-yond the walls. Studies show that declarative memory in children with Autism is unharmed, untouched and often stronger than your aver-age person. Children with Autism will always remember the hard work they put in every day for their entire lives. They will never forget the special moments they create with the people that love them the most. Families In Arms assists families to alleviate financial strain and provide relief so that they are free to create memories that last a life- time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.001 E24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1282 September 24, 2018 
HONORING EMMA HARTLEY, GULF COAST HEART WALK WARRIOR 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 24, 2018 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor an impressive Gulf Coast philanthropist, Miss Emma Hartley of Gulfport, Mississippi. My district is nicknamed ‘‘Mississippi’s Fight-ing Fourth,’’ earned for Mississippi’s spirit and the residents who call her ‘‘home.’’ Most Mis-sissippians have a warrior spirit, a tenacity, a willingness to do whatever it takes to live and nurture each other with compassion and inten-tional care. These qualities embody one of Mississippi’s youngest and most determined warriors—ten-year-old Emma Hartley. Emma was born August 2, 2008, missing a heart valve. Less than 24 hours after her birth, Emma underwent the first of what would be-come many surgeries. Perhaps it was an in-nate fighting spirit and a purpose to persevere for the sake of loving others that brought Emma and her heart safely through that first critical surgery. Perhaps she knew then that she would need to grow strong and develop a voice to encourage others to face tough bat-tles with a smile. Perhaps it is simply that God has big plans for this little girl. What is known is that Mississippi’s Gulf Coast is blessed by Emma’s heart, beating now for over 10 years, and Emma’s desire to make a difference in the lives of those facing similar health chal-lenges. Emma has outlived the expectations of many of her doctors, and she will soon under-go her fifth surgery. Before age 18, she is like-ly to face several more; but, she endures each procedure with courage and grace. From an early age, Emma participated with her mom, Lisa Northrup, in fundraising efforts such as Rock Your Scar, the March of Dimes, Mended Little Hearts, and the Heart Walk for the Amer-ican Heart Association. Now, with the support of family, friends, and her church, Emma champions her own efforts, working hard to raise funds, give speeches, and boost aware-ness of these causes in her local commu-nities. Crafting and creating artwork, two of Emma’s hobbies, are incorporated into her philanthropic efforts, too. For one of her fund-raisers this year Emma sold handcrafted wood signs, some of which were ordered from far away. Also, Emma’s artwork has been repro-duced in awards given to the top Heart Walk high achievers. This year’s Gulf Coast Heart Walk was on September 22. Emma offered the opening prayer to start the event. Mississippi is fortu-nate to have such a brave, talented, ambi-tious, and inspiring warrior, like Emma Hartley. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE REPUB-LIC OF ARMENIA FOR 27 YEARS OF INDEPENDENCE FROM THE SOVIET UNION 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 24, 2018 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, as Co-Chair of the Congressional Caucus on Armenian Issues, I congratulate Prime Minister Pashinyan and the people of the Republic of Armenia on 27 years of independence from the Soviet Union. Since this day 27 years ago, the Armenian people have lived up to their pledge to create a free and independent na-tion, built on strong democratic principles and a market economy. Earlier this year, Armenia saw incredible and unprecedented change in its government as a result of the Velvet Revolution. The peaceful transition of power after the revolu-tion is a clear indication of the will of the Ar-menian people, strongly demonstrating a com-mitment to a fairer and more democratic state. Since my first visit in 1997, I continue to be struck by the incredible progress Armenia has made towards bolstering its government trans-parency, strengthening its democratic institu-tions, and empowering its civil society. I be-lieve it is critical for the United States to con-tinue to deepen its ties with our regional part-ner at every level of government to ensure this transformation continues. The Republic of Armenia has also consist-ently championed the right to self-determina-tion of its neighbors in the Republic of Artsakh. This is a right that Artsakh continues to fight for in its steadfast pursuit of regional security and stability despite a tenuous cease fire. The United States must continue to sup-port a negotiated end to hostilities with Azer-baijan along the lines of the Royce-Engel peace proposals, and take further action to ensure that all parties of the conflict are in-cluded. I join with the Armenian people and the Ar-menian-American community in celebrating 27 years of independence. I send my best wishes on this important day and pledge my contin-ued commitment to a strong United States-Ar-menia partnership. f 
IN TRIBUTE TO BRIGADIER GEN-ERAL (RET.) ROBERT ANDREW COCROFT, UNITED STATES (U.S.) ARMY 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 24, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Brigadier General (Ret.) Robert Andrew Cocroft, U.S. Army veteran who passed away on September 12, 2018. He was born to Willie Tilmon Cocroft and Louise Cocroft (Gee) on November 16, 1946, in Conway, Mississippi. The Cocroft family set-tled in Milwaukee in 1947. Robert received his formal education in the Milwaukee Public School system and was a fellow graduate of North Division High School in 1965. In 1966, while attending the Univer-sity of Wisconsin-Oshkosh on a football schol-arship he was drafted into the U.S. Army but opted to attend Officer Candidate School to become an infantry officer. He was a Vietnam- era veteran who served overseas duty in the Republic of Korea. He joined the 84th Division of the Army Reserve in Wisconsin and climbed the chain of command until earning the rank of Brigadier General. At the conclu-sion of his military career, he was the Assist-ant Division Commander of Operations for the 98th Division having commanded at the com-pany, battalion and brigade levels over his 40 years of active and reserve military service. He officially retired in 2006. At the time of his passing, he had served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the nonprofit Center for Veterans Issues, Ltd. (CVI) for over 14 years. In addition to advo-cating for the needs of veterans, CVI services include housing for low-income, homeless, mi-nority and women veterans including their families. CVI is distinguished as the largest private provider of transitional housing and permanent supportive housing for veterans in Wisconsin. Robert served as Deputy Secretary of the Wisconsin Department of Veterans Affairs from 1994 to 2002. He had the overall respon-sibility for the Department’s day-to-day oper-ations, which included administration and management of 900 full-time employees, de-partmental administrative services, as well as, coordination and direction of strategic planning and program development. Robert was the immediate past National Commander of the National Association of Black Veterans (NABVETS) which was estab-lished in 1973, through the combined efforts of Robert Cocroft, Willie Sims, and Thomas Wynn (deceased) to advocate on behalf of its members. NABVETS currently has chapters in 80 cities throughout the United States and is certified by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs as a claims representative for veterans. He was a life-long learner and continued his training/education while working and going to school full-time to earn a Bachelor of Science in Agricultural Business Management, Master of Arts in Public Policy and Administration both from the University of Wisconsin-Madi-son, Officer Candidate School, U.S. Army Paratrooper Airborne School, and the U.S. Army War College at Carlisle Barracks, P A. Robert leaves behind his beloved wife of 49 years, Jacqueline D. Cocroft to mourn his passing. Additionally he leaves a strong leg-acy of leadership for his children, Dianna Killins (Cocroft), Robert H. Cocroft and his adopted daughter Annette (Michael) Miller, Grandsons—Devin Tyree Cocroft, Isiah H. Cocroft, Robert T. Cocroft, Jonavan M. Cocroft, Michael A. Killins, Malik A. Killins, Mekhi A. Killins. Granddaughters—Arianna I. Cocroft, First Lieutenant Michelle A. Killins, USAR. Great-grandchildren—McKayla A. Killins and Morgan A. Killins and a host of other family and friends. Brigadier General (Ret.) Robert Andrew Cocroft was a true servant leader, as dem-onstrated by his commitment to veteran af-fairs, as well as, serving on numerous boards and committees both locally and nationally. Robert was my friend and a Milwaukee and Wisconsin treasure. I valued his service to the 4th Congressional District, including his serv-ice as Co-Chair of the 4th Congressional Dis-trict Academy Advisory Committee, his com-mitment to building safe transitional housing for veterans in the district, and his advocacy on behalf of low-income minority and female veterans. I urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in a sa-lute to late Brigadier General (Ret.) Robert An-drew Cocroft. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.005 E24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1283 September 24, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NATIONAL CUL-TURAL CENTER ACT 
HON. JOSEPH P. KENNEDY III 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 24, 2018 Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, this month we mark the 60th anniversary of the enactment of the National Cultural Center Act, which estab-lished the institution now known as the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. The 85th Congress and President Eisen-hower envisioned a cultural center which would present performances of dance, drama, music, opera, and poetry, develop arts pro-gramming to encourage the participation of and educate citizens of all ages, from the young to the elderly, and provide a space for civic activity. Today, the Kennedy Center accomplishes these original mandates from 1958 to serve the nation through cultural innovation and in-clusive programming. This past season, the Kennedy Center showcased 2,203 perform-ances and reached 1,405,796 students through school and community programs. The Kennedy Center has broken ground on an ex-panded physical campus for civic activity and increased accessibility; the REACH (Renew, Experience, Activate, Create, and Honor) will open the week of the National Cultural Center Act’s 60th anniversary. I invite my colleagues to join me in thanking the many members of the public who over the past six decades have partnered with and supported our national cultural center. 
f 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF KALLE KO¨NKKO¨LA¨AND CELEBRATING HIS LIFE 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 24, 2018 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Kalle Ko¨nkko¨la¨, an international disability rights advocate and former member of the Finnish Parliament. Mr. Ko¨nkko¨la¨passed away on September 11, 2018. He served from 1983 to 1987 as the first member of the Finnish Parliament with a disability, developing key pieces of legislation on disability inclusion and independent living. Ko¨nkko¨la¨was a fervent advocate for the ratifi-cation of the United Nations Convention on Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD) in Finland. Ko¨nkko¨la¨also helped to strengthen relation-ships between Finland and the U.S. in the area of disability policy. This relationship re-sulted in collaborative activities with the State Department’s Special Advisor on International Disability Rights and our Embassy in Finland, including training on our Americans with Dis-abilities Act, joint efforts with the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe to ad-vance the inclusion of disability, and discus-sions on conditions of disabled people in ref-ugee camps. Ko¨nkko¨la¨worked tirelessly for disability in-clusion worldwide. He was active in global partnerships for disability and development, and his work emphasized the need for a ro-bust human rights framework in disability pol-icy. Ko¨nkko¨la¨was instrumental in the negotia-tions that led to the creation of the European Disability Forum in 1996, and he founded the Abilis Foundation, an organization that pro-motes human rights, equal opportunities, and independent living through grantmaking to dis-abled people’s organizations in low income countries, in 1998. Ko¨nkko¨la¨was a member of the Expert Group on Political Participation of Persons with Disabilities within the Organization for Se-curity and Cooperation in Europe’s Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights. He brought a unique perspective to the working group, having firsthand experience of many aspects of political life, including running as a candidate, serving in elected office, and advo-cating with policymakers. Here in the U.S. Congress, we can honor Ko¨nkko¨la¨’s life by continuing his work to em-power the one billion people in the world who have a disability, especially in political and public life. In partnership with the diverse dis-ability community, we must remove barriers that prohibit the full participation of persons with disabilities as voters and candidates. When barriers are removed, voters with dis-abilities are afforded their full rights as citi-zens. Today, in memory of Mr. Ko¨nkko¨la¨, I reaf- firm my commitment to supporting persons with disabilities in their pursuit of equal rights. I stand with you today, and for all the days to come. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Sep-tember 25, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
SEPTEMBER 26 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine safeguards for consumer data privacy. SD–G50 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine cleaning up the oceans, focusing on reducing the impact of man-made trash on the envi-ronment, wildlife, and human health. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 3478, to require the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to develop a comprehensive strategy for maintaining situational awareness and operational control of high traffic areas along the borders, to address the protective custody of alien children accompanied by parents, to strengthen accountability for deploy-ment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, to encourage Federal agencies to co-ordinate on research and the develop-ment of technology to combat illicit opioid importation, to establish a nar-cotic drug screening technology pilot program to combat illicit opioid impor-tation, S. 3405, to reauthorize the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program of the Department of Homeland Security, S. 3137, to pro-vide for reforming agencies of the Fed-eral Government to improve efficiency and effectiveness, S. 3208, to provide agencies with discretion in securing in-formation technology and information systems, S. 3050, to improve executive agency digital services, S. 823, to en-sure the digital contents of electronic equipment and online accounts belong-ing to or in the possession of United States persons entering or exiting the United States are adequately protected at the border, S. 278, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to pro-vide for innovative research and devel-opment, S. 3085, to establish a Federal Acquisition Security Council and to provide executive agencies with au-thorities relating to mitigating supply chain risks in the procurement of in-formation technology, S. 3437, to estab-lish a Federal rotational cyber work-force program for the Federal cyber workforce, S. 3251, to require executive agencies to consider rental in any anal-ysis for equipment acquisition, S. 3309, to authorize cyber incident response teams at the Department of Homeland Security, S. 3191, to provide for the ex-peditious disclosure of records related to civil rights cold cases, S. 594, to au-thorize the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to work with cybersecurity con-sortia for training, S. 3209, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 413 Washington Ave-nue in Belleville, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Private Henry Svehla Post Office Building’’, S. 3237, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 120 12th Street Lobby in Columbus, Georgia, as the ‘‘Richard W. Williams Chapter of the Triple Nickles (555th P.I.A.) Post Office’’, S. 3414, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Is-land, as the ‘‘Captain Matthew J. Au-gust Post Office’’, S. 3442, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Missouri, as the ‘‘Arla W. Har-rell Post Office’’, H.R. 50, to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, H.R. 2196, to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to disclose in-formation to certain recipients, H.R. 1132, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for a 2-year prohibi-tion on employment in a career civil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.008 E24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1284 September 24, 2018 
service position for any former polit-ical appointee, H.R. 6439, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to es-tablish in the Department of Homeland Security the Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Pro-gram, H.R. 6374, to require the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to stream-line Federal contractor fitness deter-minations, H.R. 5206, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to es-tablish the Office of Biometric Identity Management, H.R. 6443, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to au-thorize the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to establish a continuous diagnostics and mitigation program at the Department of Homeland Security, H.R. 606, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building’’, H.R. 1209, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Fran-cisco Avenue, Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Veterans Post Office Build-ing’’, H.R. 2979, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3230, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4407, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the ‘‘Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4890, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Build-ing’’, H.R. 4913, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 816 East Salisbury Parkway in Salisbury, Maryland, as the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4946, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 4960, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Ster-ling William Wyatt Post Office Build-ing’’, H.R. 5349, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1325 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the ‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Build-ing’, H.R. 5504, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’, H.R. 5737, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illinois, as the ‘‘Cap-tain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’, H.R. 5784, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 2650 North Doctor Martin Lu-ther King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wis-consin, shall be known and designated as the ‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building.’, H.R. 5868, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Ave-nue in Ashland, Ohio, as the ‘‘Bill Har-ris Post Office’’, H.R. 5935, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illinois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office’’, H.R. 6020, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 325 South Michigan Avenue in Howell, Michigan, as the ‘‘Sergeant Donald Burgett Post Office Building’’, H.R. 6116, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Presidential Transition Enhancement Act of 2018’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Grant Reporting Efficiency and Agreements Transparency Act of 2018’’, and the nomination of Peter Gaynor, of Rhode Island, to be Deputy Adminis-trator, Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, Department of Homeland Security. SD–342 10:30 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the impact of tariffs on the United States auto-motive industry. SD–215 10:45 a.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the rise of American earnings and living stand-ards. SH–216 11 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 1862, to amend the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 to modify the criteria for determining whether countries are meeting the minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking, S. 2736, to develop a long-term stra-tegic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific re-gion, S. 3233, to impose sanctions with respect to persons responsible for vio-lence and human rights abuses in Nica-ragua, S. 3257, to impose sanctions on foreign persons responsible for serious violations of international law regard-ing the protection of civilians during armed conflict, S. 3476, to extend cer-tain authorities relating to United States efforts to combat HIV/AIDS, tu-berculosis, and malaria globally, S. Res. 435, expressing the sense of the Senate that the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian Famine of 1932–1933, known as the Holodomor, should serve as a re-minder of repressive Soviet policies against the people of Ukraine, S. Res. 481, calling upon the leadership of the Government of the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea to dismantle its labor camp system, S. Res. 562, express-ing the sense of the Senate that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nu-clear Weapons (NPT) continues to make an invaluable contribution to United States and international secu-rity, 50 years after it opened for signa-ture on July 1, 1968, S. Res. 602, sup-porting the agreement between Prime Minister Tsipras of Greece and Prime Minister Zaev of Macedonia to resolve longstanding bilateral disputes, S. Res. 634, commemorating the 70th anniver-sary of the Berlin Airlift and honoring the veterans of Operation Vittles, H.R. 2200, to reauthorize the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, H.R. 600, to promote Internet access in de-veloping countries and update foreign policy toward the Internet, H.R. 1677, to halt the wholesale slaughter of the Syrian people, encourage a negotiated political settlement, and hold Syrian human rights abusers accountable for their crimes, and the nomination of Francisco Luis Palmieri, of Con-necticut, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Honduras, Department of State. S–116 2:15 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine the global space race, focusing on ensuring the United States remains the leader in space. SR–253 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To hold hearings to examine the cyber operational readiness of the Depart-ment of Defense; to be immediately fol-lowed by a closed session in SVC–217. SD–106 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Craig Lewis Cloud, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Botswana, Michael Peter Pelletier, of Maine, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Madagascar, and to serve concur-rently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to the Union of the Comoros, Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mali, Robert K. Scott, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Malawi, Simon Henshaw, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea, Eric Williams Stromayer, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Togolese Republic, Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambas-sador to the Central African Republic, and Dennis Walter Hearne, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique, all of the Department of State. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-sight and Emergency Management To hold hearings to examine the Federal role in the toxic PFAS chemical crisis. SD–342 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 465, to provide for an independent outside audit of the Indian Health Service, S. 2154, to approve the Kickapoo Tribe Water Rights Settlement Agreement, and S. 2599, to provide for the transfer of certain Federal land in the State of Minnesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe; to be imme-diately followed by an oversight hear-ing to examine justice for Native youth, focusing on the Government Ac-countability Office report on ‘‘Native American Youth Involvement in Jus-tice Systems and Information on Grants to Help Address Juvenile Delin-quency’’. SD–628 Committee on Rules and Administration To hold hearings to examine S. 1010 and H.R. 1695, bills to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide addi-tional responsibilities for the Register of Copyrights. SR–301 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M24SE8.000 E24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1285 September 24, 2018 
3 p.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the state of the Department of Veterans Affairs, fo-cusing on a 60 day report. SR–418 SEPTEMBER 27 10 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Gordon Hartogensis, of Con-necticut, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, and Gail S. Ennis, of Maryland, to be In-spector General, Social Security Ad-ministration. SD–215 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine reducing health care costs, focusing on improv-ing affordability through innovation. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine the effect of regulatory policy on the economy and business growth. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To continue hearings to examine the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. SD–226 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 OCTOBER 2 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine implemen-tation of the Economic Growth, Regu-latory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. SD–538 OCTOBER 3 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine Government Accountability Office re-ports relating to broadband internet availability on tribal lands. SD–628 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold an oversight hearing to examine the enforcement of the antitrust laws. SD–226 
POSTPONEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 26 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M24SE8.000 E24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D1034 Monday, September 24, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6265–S6281 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3480–3486, S.J. Res. 64, and S. Res. 643–645.
                           Page S6277 
Measures Passed: Sam Farr and Nick Castle Peace Corps Reform Act: Senate passed H.R. 2259, to amend the Peace Corps Act to expand services and benefits for volun-teers.
                                                                                 Page S6280 
Honoring the Memory of the Victims of the Las Vegas Country Music Festival Attack: Senate agreed to S. Res. 643, honoring the memory of the victims of the brutal and senseless attack at a coun-try music festival in Las Vegas, Nevada, 1 year ago. 
                                                                                            Page S6280 
Country Music Association Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 644, recognizing the significant contribution of the Country Music Association and designating September 25, 2018, ‘‘Country Music Association Day’’.
                                                                        Pages S6280–81 
National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 645, designating September 2018 as ‘‘National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month’’.
                                                                          Page S6281 
Feldman Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Com-missioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion for the remainder of the term expiring October 26, 2019.
                                                                       Page S6270 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 76 yeas to 18 nays (Vote No. EX. 214), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S6270 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that all post-cloture time on the nomination to be considered expired at 2:15 p.m., on Tuesday, September 25, 2018.
                                               Page S6270 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, September 25, 2018.                                               Page S6281 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 75 yeas to 19 nays (Vote No. EX. 213), Jackie Wolcott, of Virginia, to be Representative of the United States of America to the International Atom-ic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be Representative of the United States of America to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador.
                                 Pages S6270, S6281 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Bimal Patel, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Treasury. Ron Johnson, of Wisconsin, to be a Representa-tive of the United States of America to the Seventy- third Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations. Jeff Merkley, of Oregon, to be a Representative of the United States of America to the Seventy-third Session of the General Assembly of the United Na-tions. Pamela Bates, of Virginia, to be Representative of the United States of America to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, with the rank of Ambassador. Mina Chang, of Texas, to be an Assistant Admin-istrator of the United States Agency for International Development. Sarah-Ann Lynch, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Co-operative Republic of Guyana. Margarita Palau-Hernandez, of California, to be a Representative of the United States of America to the Seventy-third Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations. Susan N. Stevenson, of Washington, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea. Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Colum-bia, to be a Representative of the United States of America to the Seventy-third Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations. 1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24SE8.REC D24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1035 September 24, 2018 
Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, and Navy.
                                                     Page S6281 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S6276–77 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S6277 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6277–79 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6279–80 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6275–76 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—214)
                                                                Page S6270 Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:55 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Sep-tember 25, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6281.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 5 public bills, H.R. 6862–6866, were introduced.
     Page H8742 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H8742–43 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 6756, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to promote new business innovation, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–957); H.R. 6760, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act affecting individuals, fami-lies, and small businesses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–958); and H.R. 6757, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage retirement and family savings, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–959, Part 1).
                                        Page H8742 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bucshon to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H8741 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rabbi Hannah Spiro, Hill Havurah, Washington, DC.
                                                      Page H8741 
Senate Referrals: S. 3479 was held at the desk. S. Con. Res. 47 was held at the desk.
                  Page H8741 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on page H8741. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10:30 a.m. and adjourned at 10:33 a.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
ENCOURAGING THE ABILITY IN DISABILITY Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission received a briefing on encouraging the abil-ity in disability from Sarah Hart-Weir, National Down Syndrome Society, Olathe, Kansas; Sheryl Laz-arus, The TIES Center, Minneapolis, Minnesota; John Cronin, and Mark Cronin, both of John’s Crazy Socks, Melville, New York; and Kayla McKeon, Syr-acuse, New York. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1027) 
H.R. 5385, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to chil-dren’s hospitals that operate graduate medical edu-cation programs. Signed on September 18, 2018. (Public Law 115–241) H.R. 5772, to designate the J. Marvin Jones Fed-eral Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’. Signed on Sep-tember 18, 2018. (Public Law 115–242) H.R. 6124, to amend title II of the Social Secu-rity Act to authorize voluntary agreements for cov-erage of Indian tribal council members. Signed on September 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–243) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24SE8.REC D24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1036 September 24, 2018 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of General Robert B. Abrams, USA, to be General, and to be Commander, United Nations Com-mand/Combined Forces Command/United States Forces Korea, and Vice Admiral Craig S. Faller, USN, to be Ad-miral, and to be Commander, United States Southern Command, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the Department of Energy’s efforts in the field of quantum information science, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Bonnie Glick, of Maryland, to be Deputy Administrator, and Michael T. Harvey, of Texas, and Mark Montgomery, of Virginia, both to be an Assist-ant Administrator, all of the United States Agency for International Development, 3 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the Every Student Succeeds Act, focusing on states leading the way, 10 a.m., SD–430. Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Se-curity, to hold hearings to examine health care in rural America, focusing on experiences and costs, 3:30 p.m., SD–430. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Financial Services, September 25, Sub-committee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘HUD Office of Inspector General Report: HUD’s Over-sight of the Alexander County (IL) Housing Authority’’, 4 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, September 25, Full Committee, hearing on the conference report to accompany H.R. 6157, the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019’’ [Department of Defense and Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Act, 2019 and Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019]; and H. Res. 1071, recognizing that allowing illegal immigrants the right to vote devalues the franchise and diminishes the voting power of United States citizens, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of September 25 through September 28, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for the remainder of the term expiring October 26, 2019, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 2:15 p.m.; to be followed by a vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2019 (Re-appointment). During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: September 25, to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of General Robert B. Abrams, USA, to be General, and to be Commander, United Nations Command/Combined Forces Command/ United States Forces Korea, and Vice Admiral Craig S. Faller, USN, to be Admiral, and to be Commander, United States Southern Command, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. September 26, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, with the Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hearings to ex-amine the cyber operational readiness of the Department of Defense; to be immediately followed by a closed ses-sion in SVC–217, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sep- tember 26, to hold hearings to examine safeguards for consumer data privacy, 10 a.m., SD–G50. September 26, Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine the global space race, focusing on ensuring the United States re-mains the leader in space, 2:15 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: September 25, to hold hearings to examine the Department of Ener-gy’s efforts in the field of quantum information science, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: September 26, to hold hearings to examine cleaning up the oceans, focusing on reducing the impact of man-made trash on the environment, wildlife, and human health, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: September 26, to hold hearings to examine the impact of tariffs on the United States auto-motive industry, 10:30 a.m., SD–215. September 27, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Gordon Hartogensis, of Con-necticut, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, and Gail S. Ennis, of Maryland, to be In-spector General, Social Security Administration, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: September 25, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Bonnie Glick, of Maryland, to be Deputy Administrator, and Michael T. Harvey, of Texas, and Mark Montgomery, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Administrator, all of the United States Agency for International Development, 3 p.m., SD–419. September 26, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 1862, to amend the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 to modify the criteria for deter-mining whether countries are meeting the minimum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24SE8.REC D24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1037 September 24, 2018 standards for the elimination of human trafficking, S. 2736, to develop a long-term strategic vision and a com-prehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region, S. 3233, to impose sanctions with respect to persons responsible for violence and human rights abuses in Nicaragua, S. 3257, to im-pose sanctions on foreign persons responsible for serious violations of international law regarding the protection of civilians during armed conflict, S. 3476, to extend certain authorities relating to United States efforts to combat HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria globally, S. Res. 435, expressing the sense of the Senate that the 85th an-niversary of the Ukrainian Famine of 1932–1933, known as the Holodomor, should serve as a reminder of repres-sive Soviet policies against the people of Ukraine, S. Res. 481, calling upon the leadership of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to dismantle its labor camp system, S. Res. 562, expressing the sense of the Senate that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) continues to make an invaluable contribution to United States and international security, 50 years after it opened for signature on July 1, 1968, S. Res. 602, supporting the agreement between Prime Minister Tsipras of Greece and Prime Minister Zaev of Macedonia to resolve longstanding bilateral disputes, S. Res. 634, commemorating the 70th anniversary of the Berlin Airlift and honoring the veterans of Operation Vittles, H.R. 2200, to reauthorize the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000, H.R. 600, to promote Internet access in developing countries and update foreign policy toward the Internet, H.R. 1677, to halt the whole-sale slaughter of the Syrian people, encourage a nego-tiated political settlement, and hold Syrian human rights abusers accountable for their crimes, and the nomination of Francisco Luis Palmieri, of Connecticut, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Honduras, Department of State, 11 a.m., S–116, Capitol. September 26, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Craig Lewis Cloud, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Botswana, Michael Peter Pelletier, of Maine, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Madagascar, and to serve concurrently and with-out additional compensation as Ambassador to the Union of the Comoros, Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mali, Robert K. Scott, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Malawi, Simon Henshaw, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea, Eric Williams Stromayer, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Togolese Republic, Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Central African Republic, and Dennis Walter Hearne, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique, all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Sep- tember 25, to hold hearings to examine the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act, focusing on states leading the way, 10 a.m., SD–430. September 25, Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security, to hold hearings to examine health care in rural America, focusing on experiences and costs, 3:30 p.m., SD–430. September 27, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine reducing health care costs, focusing on improving affordability through innovation, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: September 26, business meeting to consider S. 3478, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a comprehensive strategy for maintaining situational aware-ness and operational control of high traffic areas along the borders, to address the protective custody of alien chil-dren accompanied by parents, to strengthen account-ability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, to encourage Fed-eral agencies to coordinate on research and the develop-ment of technology to combat illicit opioid importation, to establish a narcotic drug screening technology pilot program to combat illicit opioid importation, S. 3405, to reauthorize the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Stand-ards Program of the Department of Homeland Security, S. 3137, to provide for reforming agencies of the Federal Government to improve efficiency and effectiveness, S. 3208, to provide agencies with discretion in securing in-formation technology and information systems, S. 3050, to improve executive agency digital services, S. 823, to ensure the digital contents of electronic equipment and online accounts belonging to or in the possession of United States persons entering or exiting the United States are adequately protected at the border, S. 278, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for innovative research and development, S. 3085, to estab-lish a Federal Acquisition Security Council and to provide executive agencies with authorities relating to mitigating supply chain risks in the procurement of information technology, S. 3437, to establish a Federal rotational cyber workforce program for the Federal cyber workforce, S. 3251, to require executive agencies to consider rental in any analysis for equipment acquisition, S. 3309, to au-thorize cyber incident response teams at the Department of Homeland Security, S. 3191, to provide for the expedi-tious disclosure of records related to civil rights cold cases, S. 594, to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to work with cybersecurity consortia for training, S. 3209, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 413 Washington Avenue in Belleville, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Private Henry Svehla Post Office Building’’, S. 3237, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 12th Street Lobby in Columbus, Georgia, as the ‘‘Richard W. Wil-liams Chapter of the Triple Nickles (555th P.I.A.) Post Office’’, S. 3414, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Captain Matthew J. August Post Office’’, S. 3442, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Missouri, as the ‘‘Arla W. Harrell Post Office’’, H.R. 50, to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, H.R. 2196, to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistle-blowers to disclose information to certain recipients, H.R. 1132, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for a 2-year prohibition on employment in a career civil service position for any former political appointee, H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24SE8.REC D24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1038 September 24, 2018 6439, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security the Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program, H.R. 6374, to require the Department of Homeland Security to streamline Federal contractor fit-ness determinations, H.R. 5206, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Office of Biometric Identity Management, H.R. 6443, to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a continuous diagnostics and mitigation program at the Department of Homeland Security, H.R. 606, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Ave-nue in Richmond, California, as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building’’, H.R. 1209, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Francisco Avenue, Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Veterans Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2979, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3230, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4407, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the ‘‘Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4890, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4913, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 816 East Salisbury Parkway in Salisbury, Maryland, as the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4946, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 4960, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’, H.R. 5349, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1325 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the ‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’, H.R. 5504, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’, H.R. 5737, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illinois, as the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’, H.R. 5784, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, shall be known and des-ignated as the ’Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building.’, H.R. 5868, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Avenue in Ash-land, Ohio, as the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Office’’, H.R. 5935, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illinois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office’’, H.R. 6020, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 325 South Michigan Avenue in Howell, Michigan, as the ‘‘Sergeant Donald Burgett Post Office Building’’, H.R. 6116, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Presidential Transition Enhancement Act of 2018’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Grant Reporting Efficiency and Agreements Transparency Act of 2018’’, and the nomination of Peter Gaynor, of Rhode Island, to be Deputy Administrator, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–342. September 26, Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management, to hold hearings to examine the Federal role in the toxic PFAS chemical crisis, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. September 27, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine the effect of regulatory policy on the economy and busi-ness growth, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: September 26, business meeting to consider S. 465, to provide for an independent outside audit of the Indian Health Service, S. 2154, to approve the Kickapoo Tribe Water Rights Settlement Agreement, and S. 2599, to provide for the transfer of certain Federal land in the State of Minnesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe; to be imme-diately followed by an oversight hearing to examine jus-tice for Native youth, focusing on the Government Ac-countability Office report on ‘‘Native American Youth Involvement in Justice Systems and Information on Grants to Help Address Juvenile Delinquency’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: September 27, to continue hearings to examine the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Rules and Administration: September 26, to hold hearings to examine S. 1010 and H.R. 1695, bills to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide addi-tional responsibilities for the Register of Copyrights, 2:30 p.m., SR–301. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: September 26, to hold hearings to examine the state of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, focusing on a 60 day report, 3 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: September 25, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. September 27, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, September 26, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of National Defense on the Economy, Diplomacy, and International Order’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. September 26, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Strategy in Syria’’, 3:30 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24SE8.REC D24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1039 September 24, 2018 September 27, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on Military Review Board Agencies’’, 3:30 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. September 28, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projec-tion Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Contributing Factors to C–130 Mishaps and Other Intra-Theater Airlift Chal-lenges’’, 9 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Education and the Workforce, September 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining First Amendment Rights on Campus’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Ray-burn. Committee on Energy And Commerce, September 26, Sub-committee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protec-tion, hearing entitled ‘‘Built in America: Jobs and Growth in the Manufacturing Sector’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. September 26, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Solutions to Strengthen U.S. Public Safety Communications’’, 10:30 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on Health, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Better Data and Better Outcomes: Reducing Mater-nal Mortality in the U.S.’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing enti-tled ‘‘DOE Modernization: The Office of Cybersecurity, Energy Security, and Emergency Response’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘State of the Media Market-place’’, 3 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, September 26, Sub-committee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Invest-ment, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Division of Investment Management’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. September 26, Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Administration Goals for Major Sanctions Programs’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. September 27, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Housing Finance Agency’s role as conservator and regulator of the Government Sponsored Enterprises’’, 10:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. September 28, Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Op-portunities for Financial Markets in the Digital Era’’, 9 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, September 26, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Genocide Against the Burmese Rohingya’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. September 26, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Countering Iranian Proxies in Iraq’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. September 26, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘China’s Repression and Internment of Uyghurs: U.S. Policy Responses’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. September 27, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 1006, condemning the deteriorating situation in Ven-ezuela and the regional humanitarian crisis it has caused, affirming support for the legitimate National Assembly and the Supreme Court, and urging further regional ac-tion in support of democracy in Venezuela; H. Res. 1052, affirming United States-Australia cooperation on space re-search, exploration, and utilization; H.R. 1567, the ‘‘United States-Mexico Economic Partnership Act’’; H.R. 4591, the ‘‘Preventing Iranian Destabilization of Iraq Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5273, the ‘‘Global Fragility and Violence Reduction Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6018, the ‘‘Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6413, the ‘‘STOP Organ Trafficking Act’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Syria: Part I’’, 1:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Europe and Eurasia: Ensuring Resources Match Objectives’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘China’s War on Christianity and Other Religious Faiths’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, September 26, Sub-committee on Border and Maritime Security, hearing en-titled ‘‘Hidden in Plain Sight: Understanding Federal Ef-forts to Stop Human Trafficking’’, 11 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, September 26, Full Committee, business meeting, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, September 26, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on H.R. 3553, the ‘‘Bankruptcy Administration Improvement Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Post-PASPA: An Examination of Sports Betting in America’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Intellectual Freedom in America’’, 11:30 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing on H.R. 3945, the ‘‘Copyright Alternative in Small-Claims Enforcement Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. September 28, Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Sober Living Homes’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, September 26, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4644, the ‘‘Yellowstone Gateway Protection Act’’; H.R. 5636, the ‘‘Flatside Wil-derness Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 5706, the ‘‘World War II Pacific Sites Establishment Act’’; H.R. 5727, the ‘‘Emery County Public Land Management Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6064, to rename the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Refuge as the Congressman Lester Wolff National Wild-life Refuge; H.R. 6118, the ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’; H.R. 6255, to amend title 18, United States Code, to establish measures to combat invasive lionfish, and for other purposes; H.R. 6666, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to grant to States and local governments easements and rights-of-way over Federal land within Gateway National Recreation Area for con-struction, operation, and maintenance of projects for con-trol and prevention of flooding and shoreline erosion; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24SE8.REC D24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1040 September 24, 2018 H.R. 6682, the ‘‘Protection and Transparency for Adja-cent Landowners Act’’; and H.R. 6784, the ‘‘Manage our Wolves Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. September 26, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 6344, the ‘‘LOCAL Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6360, the ‘‘PREDICTS Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6346, the ‘‘WHOLE Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6354, the ‘‘STORAGE Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6345, the ‘‘EMPOWERS Act of 2018’’; H.R. 3608, the ‘‘En-dangered Species Transparency and Reasonableness Act’’; H.R. 6364, the ‘‘LAMP Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6356, the ‘‘LIST Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6355, the ‘‘PETITION Act of 2018’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, September 26, Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs; and Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Fraud’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. September 26, Subcommittee on Information Tech-nology, hearing entitled ‘‘Countering China: Ensuring America Remains the World Leader in Advanced Tech-nologies and Innovation’’, 10 a.m., 2247 Rayburn. September 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-amining Misconduct and Retaliation at TSA’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. September 27, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5381, the ‘‘GRATER Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6787, the ‘‘Reform-ing Government Act of 2018’’; legislation on the Antideficiency Reform and Enforcement Act of 2018; legislation to amend the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service over-time pay exemption through 2019, and for other pur-poses; legislation on the Federal CIO Authorization Act of 201’’; H.R. 6777, the ‘‘Settlement Agreement Informa-tion Database Act of 2018’’; H.R. 3154, the ‘‘Inspector General Access Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5759, the ‘‘21st Cen-tury Integrated Digital Experience Act’’; H.R. 1272, the ‘‘Cold Case Record Collections Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5791, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 9609 South University Boulevard in High-lands Ranch, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Zackari Spurlock Parrish, III, Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5792, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 90 North 4th Avenue in Brighton, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Heath McDonald Gumm Post Office’’; H.R. 6216, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3025 Woodgate Road in Montrose, Colorado, as the ‘‘Sergeant David Kinterknecht Post Office’’; H.R. 6217, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 241 N 4th Street in Grand Junction, Colorado, as the ‘‘Dep-uty Sheriff Derek Geer Post Office Building’’; H.R. 6428, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 332 Ramapo Valley Road in Oakland, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Frank Leone Post Office’’; H.R. 6513, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1110 West Market Street in Athens, Alabama, as the ‘‘Judge James E. Horton, Jr. Post Office Building’’; H.R. 6591, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 South Kirkman Road in Or-lando, Florida, as the ‘‘Napoleon ’Nap’ Ford Post Office Building’’; H.R. 6621, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 East Main Street in Johnson City, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Major Homer L. Pease Post Office’’; H.R. 6628, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 4301 Northeast 4th Street in Renton, Washington, as the ‘‘James Marshall ‘Jimi’ Hendrix Post Office Building’’; and H.R. 6780, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7521 Paula Drive in Tampa, Florida, as the ‘‘Major Andreas O’Keeffe Post Of-fice Building’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Af-fairs; and Subcommittee on Healthcare, Benefits and Ad-ministrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Benefits of a Deregulatory Agenda: Examples from Pioneering Gov-ernments’’, 2 p.m., 2247 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy, and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Restoring Balance to Environmental Litigation’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, September 26, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 6756, the ‘‘American Innovation Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6757, the ‘‘Family Savings Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6760, the ‘‘Protecting Family and Small Busi-ness Tax Cuts Act of 2018’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, September 26, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘60 Years of NASA Leadership in Human Space Exploration: Past, Present, and Future’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Advancing Nuclear Energy: Powering the Future’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, September 26, Sub-committee on Contracting and Workforce, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Troubled Skies: The Aviation Workforce Shortage’s Impact on Small Businesses’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, September 26, Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation, hearing entitled ‘‘Coast Guard Modernization and Recapitalization: Status and Future’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Insider Threats to Aviation Security: Airline and Airport Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. September 27, Full Committee, markup on General Services Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolutions; and H.R. 6622, to designate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, September 27, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Veteran Suicide Prevention: Maximizing Effectiveness and Increasing Awareness’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, September 26, Sub-committee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘IRS Taxpayer Authentication: Strengthening Security While Ensuring Access’’, 10:45 a.m., 2020 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24SE8.REC D24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1041 September 24, 2018 September 27, Subcommittee on Social Security, hear-ing entitled ‘‘The State of Social Security’s Information Technology’’, 11 a.m., 2020 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: September 26, to hold hear-ings to examine the rise of American earnings and living standards, 10:45 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24SE8.REC D24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1042 September 24, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, September 25 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Peter A. Feldman, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for the remainder of the term expiring October 26, 2019, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 2:15 p.m.; to be fol-lowed by a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2019 (Reappointment). (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, September 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1281 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E1283 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1281 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1282 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E1282 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1282 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1281 Titus, Dina, Nev., E1283 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E1281 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Sep 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D24SE8.REC D24SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST