Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5989 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 2018 No. 113 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, July 9, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , JULY6, 2018 
The House met at 10:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
CHENRY ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, July 6, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable P
ATRICK T. M
CHENRY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Chaplain Major Jeff Schlenz, United States Air Force, Arlington Cemetery, Arlington, Virginia, offered the fol-lowing prayer: Heavenly Father, I come to the God of Daniel and Nehemiah, men who served You while filling government posts, and did so with excellence, and I pray: Grant those who serve in this House wisdom, ethical integrity, and concern for their constituents and the needs of this land. I come to the God of Cornelius, who wore the uniform of his government and carried a sword, and I pray: Watch over all those in various uniforms who sacrifice for others—whether they run toward the sound of guns, the crackle of flames, or the screech of metal and rubber—and bring them home safely to the ones they love. For Your glory, for the sake of this Nation, for the sake of the men and women in this Hall, and those that sup-port and love them, bless us, I pray. In the name of Christ, Your Son. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(a) of House Resolution 964, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HON-ORABLE DARRELL E. ISSA, MEM-BER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable D
ARRELL  E. I
SSA, Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 3, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with a grand jury subpoena for testimony issued by the United States Dis-trict Court for the Central District of Cali-fornia. After consultation with the Office of Gen-eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is not consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, DARRELL E. ISSA, Member of Congress. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. M
CHENRY . 
H.R. 770. An act to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of American innovation and significant innova-tion and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and the United States ter-ritories, to promote the importance of inno-vation in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, and for other purposes. H.R. 2061. An act to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker pro tempore, Mr. M
CHENRY , announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the fol-lowing title: 
S.J. Res. 60. A joint resolution providing for the reappointment of Barbara M. Barrett as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.000 H06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5990 July 6, 2018 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(b) of House Resolution 964, the House stands adjourned until noon on Tuesday, July 10, 2018, for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for leg-islative business. Thereupon (at 10 o’clock and 35 min-utes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, July 10, 2018, at noon for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5440. A letter from the Chief Management Officer, Department of Defense, transmitting a report on Cross Functional Teams Estab-lishment for FY 2017, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 111 note; Public Law 114-328, Sec. 911(c)(8); (130 Stat. 2348); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5441. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter authorizing nine (9) officers to wear the insignia of the grade of major general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5442. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Offset Costs (DFARS Case 2015- D028) [Docket No.: DARS-2015-0027] (RIN: 0750-AI59) received June 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5443. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Undefinitized Contract Action Definitization (DFARS Case 2015-D024) [Docket No.: DARS-2016-0026] (RIN: 0750-AI99) received June 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 5444. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Security Education Program (NSEP) Grants to Institutions of Higher Education [Docket ID: DOD-2017-OS- 0055] (RIN: 0790-AJ93) received June 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 5445. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final regulations — Program Integ-rity and Improvement [Docket ID: ED-2018- OPE-0041] (RIN: 1840-AD39) received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5446. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for the Division of Regulatory Serv-ices, Office of Postsecondary Education, De-partment of Education, transmitting the De-partment’s final regulations — Program In-tegrity and Improvement [Docket ID: ED- 2018-OPE-0041] (RIN: 1840-AD39) received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5447. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting thirteen (13) notifications of a federal vacancy, designation of acting offi-cer, nomination, action on nomination, or discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 5448. A letter from the Chief Administra-tive Officer, transmitting the quarterly re-port of receipts and expenditures of appro-priations and other funds for the period April 1, 2018, to June 30, 2018 (H. Doc. No. 115—138); to the Committee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 5449. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Trawl Catcher Vessels in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 160920866-7167-02] (RIN: 0648-XF896) received June 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5450. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2017 report of the Federal Coordinated Health Care Office, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1315b(e); Public Law 111-148, Sec. 2602(e); (124 Stat. 316); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 5451. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting CY 2017 annual report on ac-tivities under the Enterprise for the Amer-icas Initiative and the Tropical Forest Con-servation Act of 1998, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2431k(a); Public Law 87-195, Sec. 813(a) (as added by Public Law 105-214, Sec. 1); (112 Stat. 893); jointly to the Committees on For-eign Affairs and Agriculture. 5452. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a determination by the Presi-dent to suspend the limitation on the obliga-tion of certain State Department appropria-tions, pursuant to Public Law 104-45, Sec. 7(a)(1); (109 Stat. 400); jointly to the Commit-tees on Foreign Affairs and Appropriations. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 6309. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow individuals enti-tled to Medicare Part A by reason of being over age 65 to contribute to health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 6310. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide that direct pri-mary care service arrangements do not dis-qualify deductible health savings account contributions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself and Mr. B
URGESS ): H.R. 6311. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to modify the defi-nition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals purchasing health insur-ance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself and Mr. KIND): H.R. 6312. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat certain amounts paid for physical activity, fitness, and exer-cise as amounts paid for medical care; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 6313. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow the carryforward of health flexible spending arrangement ac-count balances; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Mr. R
OSKAM ): H.R. 6314. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow bronze and cata-strophic plans in connection with health sav-ings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GOMEZ (for himself, Mrs. D
EMINGS , and Mr. S OTO): H.R. 6315. A bill to provide women with in-creased access to preventive and life-saving cancer screening; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. COMER (for himself and Ms. A
DAMS ): H.R. 6316. A bill to clarify the primary functions and duties of the Office of Advo-cacy of the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Ms. CHENEY: H. Res. 983. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Nation now faces a more complex and grave set of threats than at any time since the end of World War II and that the contin-ued use of continuing resolutions to fund de-fense-related activities puts servicemen and servicewomen at risk, harms national secu-rity, and aids the adversaries of the United States; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Mr. TAYLOR: H. Res. 984. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the use of continuing resolutions to fund de-fense-related activities erodes military read-iness and poses an unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States; to the Committee on Appropriations. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
218. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 19, memorializing the Con-gress of the United States to award the post-humous Medal of Honor to Lieutenant-Colo-nel Albert M. Edwards for his actions during the Civil War; to the Committee on Armed Services. 219. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Hawaii, relative to House Con-current Resolution No. 59, H.D. 1, supporting the proposed Adoptee Citizenship Act of 2018, H.R. 5233; S. 2522; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 220. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-resentatives of the State of Tennessee, rel-ative to House Joint Resolution No. 741, ex-pressing strong support for President Donald J. Trump’s proposal to construct a secure border wall and urge Congress to imme-diately take action to fund the construction; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.003 H06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5991 July 6, 2018 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 6309. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 6310. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 6311. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: [[Page H5981]] Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—the power to lay and collect taxes Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—necessary and proper clause By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 6312. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 6313. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 6314. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: Congress shall have Power to lay and col-lect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. GOMEZ: H.R. 6315. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. COMER: H.R. 6316. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 84: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 392: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 592: Mrs. B
LACK and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 1683: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 1876: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 2343: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2598: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 2840: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2895: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 3923: Mrs. D
EMINGS and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4256: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 5670: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 5701: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 5898: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 5924: Mr. G
OWDY . H.R. 5949: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 5950: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 6048: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 6071: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 6184: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C
APUANO , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 6193: Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 6230: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, and Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 6235: Mr. P
OLIS. H.J. Res. 31: Mr. L
AMB. H. Con. Res. 14: Mr. A
MASH . H. Res. 785: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H. Res. 932: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , and Mr. P OEof Texas. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
113. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Council of the County of Maui, HI, relative to Resolution No. 18-89, urging the United States Congress to support the gun control policies promoted by March for Our Lives; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 114. Also, a petition of Chamber of Com-merce, Jackson County, MS, relative to a resolution supporting continued and in-creased exploration and production of the Gulf of Mexico, and urging the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management to finalize a 2019- 2024 National OCS Program that maintains and expands access to Gulf of Mexico energy resources; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 115. Also, a petition of the City Council of New York, NY, relative to Resolution No. 222, calling upon the United States Congress to pass, and the President to sign S. 2203/H.R. 4734, known as the ‘‘Ending Forced Arbitra-tion of Sexual Harassment of Act of 2017’’, which prohibits a predispute arbitration agreement from being valid or enforceable if it requires arbitration of a sex discrimina-tion dispute; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 116. Also, a petition of the Common Coun-cil of Syracuse, NY, relative to Common Council Resolution No. 17-R 2018, expressing support of the Main Street Employee Owner-ship Act of 2018; to the Committee on Small Business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.006 H06JYPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE969 July 6, 2018 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND LEG-ACY OF JUDGE HELEN SHORES LEE 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life and legacy of Judge Helen Shores Lee, who passed away on July 2, 2018, at the age of 77. Judge Lee was the first black woman to serve as a judge on the Jefferson County Cir-cuit Court, and was a daughter of the promi-nent civil rights attorney Authur Shores. Throughout her life, Judge Lee put her family and her community first. Her contributions as a public servant and advocate for equal justice will not be forgotten. On May 3, 1941, Judge Lee was born in Birmingham, Alabama, a city which would be-come the beating heart of the civil rights movement. Born to parents Arthur Shores and Theodora Warren Shores, Judge Lee grew up with her younger sister Barbara in Bir-mingham’s historic Smithfield neighborhood, an area that was at the forefront of Bir-mingham’s struggle for equal rights. Home to black leaders including A.G. Gaston and Peter Hall, Smithfield became known as ‘‘dynamite hill’’ because houses in the neighborhood were bombed so frequently by the Klu Klux Klan. Judge Lee’s home was no exception. Be-cause of her father’s role as a prominent attor-ney in the civil rights movement, Judge Lee’s family was regularly targeted. During one two- week period during the summer of 1963, her home was bombed twice, injuring Judge Lee’s mother and killing their pet. But Judge Lee’s father refused to give up on his fight for equality. As an attorney, he worked for Autherine Lucy in her effort to de-segregate the University of Alabama. Later he helped secure admission for Vivian Malone and James Hood, who successfully deseg-regated the school. Despite violent threats against her home, her family, and her neighborhood, Judge Lee pursued her education. Judge Lee graduated from A.H. Parker High School and then at-tended Fisk University in Nashville, Ten-nessee, to earn her Bachelor of Arts in Psy-chology. Judge Lee then went on to earn her Master of Arts in Clinical Psychology from Pepperdine University in Los Angeles, Cali-fornia. After graduating from Fisk University, Judge Lee married the love of her life, Robert Lee, Sr., and started a family with her new husband in California. For 55 years, until Judge Lee’s passing, the couple remained happily married. Judge Lee practiced as a clinical psycholo-gist for several years before following in her father’s footsteps and becoming an attorney. With a law degree from Cumberland School of Law in Birmingham, Judge Lee joined her fa-ther’s firm in 1988. From 1996 to 2000, Judge Lee served as a member of the Alabama State Ethics Commis-sion. During her last two years on the Com-mission she served as the Commission’s chairwoman. After 16 years of working with her father’s firm, Judge Lee was appointed Circuit Judge of the Tenth Judicial Court of Alabama by Governor Don Siegelman. Assuming the bench in 2003, Judge Lee became the first black woman to serve in the Civil Division of the Circuit Court of Jefferson County. As a Circuit Judge, Judge Lee continued her commitment to community service, push-ing herself and those around her to give their time to promote the welfare of the Birmingham community. For her tireless work, Judge Lee was recognized by the Young Women’s Chris-tian Association (YWCA) of Central Alabama with the Jeana P. Hosch Woman of Valor award in 2013. Judge Lee is preceded in death by her fa-ther Arthur Shores and mother Theodora War-ren Shores. She leaves to cherish her memo-ries her devoted husband of 55 years Robert Lee, Sr., her loving children, Robert Lee, Jr., Arthur Shores Lee (Vera), and Keisha Lee, her five beautiful grandchildren, Vincent, Ashely, Trenton, Trevon, and Leigh, her sister Barbara Shores, niece Danielle, nephew Damien, and a host of many cousins and spe-cial friends. On a personal note, Judge Lee was a true inspiration to me. Her keen intellect, calming influence, and fierce determination made her a role model and mentor to many. I am so grateful for her friendship and counsel over the years. I know that I serve in Congress today as Alabama’s first black Congress-woman because of amazing black women like Judge Lee who paved the way. Her extraor-dinary legacy will continue to live on in the many people she impacted. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 7th Congres-sional District and the State of Alabama, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the life and contributions of Judge Helen Shores Lee. She was a community leader and a Bir-mingham treasure whose community service and whose fight for justice touched countless lives. 
f 
WISHING MICHAEL M CHUGH A SPEEDY AND COMPLETE VIC-TORY IN HIS BATTLE AGAINST CANCER 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my best wishes, prayers, and hopes for a speedy and complete victory to Michael McHugh in his battle against cancer. Michael McHugh previously worked in my Houston Office as an intern where he made significant contributions to our efforts to serve the residents of the 18th Congressional Dis-trict of Texas. Raised in Friendswood, Texas and edu-cated at the University of Houston, Michael McHugh earned the rank of Eagle Scout in the Boy Scouts of America and played an active role in several civic organizations and volun-teer groups in the Houston area. Those of us who know Michael well know his dedication to democratic ideals and his commitment to fighting injustice. That dedication and commitment will serve Michael well during this most challenging and difficult chapter in his life. Michael McHugh lives the quote of Margaret Mead: ‘‘Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has.’’ As a breast cancer survivor, I know how shocking, overwhelming, and unexpected a cancer diagnosis can be. I know how easy it is for anxiety, anger, and depression to creep in as you adjust to life after the diagnosis. However, as Lance Armstrong said ‘‘we have two options, medically and emotionally: give up or fight like hell.’’ Michael is a fighter. As a Congresswoman who is also a sur-vivor, I have and will continue to support fund-ing medical research designed to cure cancer. It is my hope that Michael McHugh will win his fight against cancer and will enjoy many more years with his loving family and friends and continue his history of service to our com-munity and nation. It is my prayer that Michael’s battle against cancer will one day be a footnote in the book of his life, just another battle that he fought and won. As the later ESPN broadcaster, Stuart Scott, stated, ‘‘you beat cancer by how you live, why you live, and in the manner in which you live.’’ f 
HONORING IVAN DRACH 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleague and fellow co-chair of the bi-partisan Congressional Ukraine Caucus, Rep. B
RIAN FITZPATRICK , to honor the dignified and illustrious life of Ukrainian democratic leader, Ivan Drach. A poet, author, politician, and lover of liberty for Ukraine, Ivan was a true leader who brought forward the edge of free-dom for his nation. On June 19, Ivan passed away in Kyiv at the age of 81. He first gained prominence with his poem, ‘‘Knife in the Sun,’’ and then later in 1988 helped found and led the ‘‘Popular Movement for Ukraine,’’ popularly known as Rukh. After his election to the Ukrainian Parliament, the Verkhovna Rada in 1990, he worked tirelessly to shine a light on wicked crimes of Russian- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.001 E06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE970 July 6, 2018 
imposed communism, as well as to find com-monality between all of Ukraine’s ethnicities. It is during these times that we look to his example of humble, yet powerful leadership. May we remember his sacrifice, and find inspi-ration in his unflagging commitment to a free and open Ukraine, and his pursuit for liberty. 
IVANDRACH —GIANT OF UKRAINE ’S I
NDEPENDENCE  Ivan Drach, a giant in Ukraine’s movement to independence, died June 19 in a Kyiv hos-pital at the age of 81. Drach, a long-time member of the Writer’s Union of Ukraine, was a respected and award-winning poet and screenwriter. With his poem ‘‘Knife in the Sun,’’ he first came into national prominence during ‘‘The Thaw’’—a brief period of political and cul-tural liberalization under then Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev. Twenty years later, Drach again came to national and international prominence as a political activist during the Soviet Union’s Perestroika period in the late 1980s and then during the early years of Ukraine’s independ-ence. The numbers of young men from Ukraine lost in the Soviet Union’s war in Af-ghanistan and the handling of the Chornobyl explosion led to Ukraine’s civil society be-coming restless with directives from what was euphemistically known as ‘‘the center’’ (Moscow) and were increasingly distrustful of leaders in the Kremlin. In what began in late 1988 as an initiative of the Writer’s Union of Ukraine, a year later had become a national movement. In September 1989, at the founding congress of the ‘‘Popular Movement of Ukraine’’ (Narodniy Rukh Ukrainy), a grassroots oppo-sition movement known worldwide simply as ‘‘Rukh,’’ Drach was elected chairman and an Mykhailo Horyn, a political dissident who had survived the Soviet Gulag, was elected head of Rukh’s secretariat. The pair com-bined focused vision with determined leader-ship and guided the organization, and civil society, through a tumultuous period in his-tory. As Rukh’s membership grew throughout Ukraine other prominent dissidents, as well as representatives of major ethnic and reli-gious groups in Ukraine assumed leadership roles. However, Drach, although often under-stated in his actions, was the recognized leader. With the sensibility of a writer, Drach was eloquent in his expression of Rukh’s goals and ideals, particularly empha-sizing the inclusivity of Rukh. He always spoke in terms of ‘‘people of Ukraine,’’ and not ‘‘the Ukrainian people.’’ A recognized tool in the USSR’s system of authoritarian governance was routinely to create friction between nationalities in order to weaken opposition. In contrast, Drach and Rukh recognized and spoke to the common interests of all citizens of Ukraine—Ukrain-ians, Russians, Poles, Jews, Tatars, and oth-ers. At the founding congress of Rukh, re-flecting upon the principles of Rukh, Drach underscored the importance of multi-ethnic respect within Ukraine stating, ‘‘Jews should live better and feel more comfortable in Ukraine than in Moscow, Leningrad, New York, Tel-Aviv, and Jerusalem.’’ While at the helm of Rukh, he actively supported the decision by Rukh’s Council of Nationalities to help fund the gathering of the Crimean Tatar Mejlis, the first to be held in Crimea since the group’s mass deportation by Stalin in 1944. In March 4, 1990, in the first politically contested elections in Soviet Ukraine, 111 candidates, including Drach and others from the Democratic Bloc, a political coalition that included the Helsinki Watch Group, and the Green Party, as well as Rukh, were elect-ed to the Verkhovna Rada (Parliament), breaking the Communist Party’s monopoly on political power. The day after the election, March 5, Drach and other leaders of Rukh, a number of whom, like Drach, were members of the Communist Party, drafted and signed a statement calling for Ukrainian independ-ence, denouncing the Communist Party and calling on the Communist Party to take re-sponsibility for the 1932–33 genocidal famine (the Holodomor), deportations, repressions, the policy of Russification, economic decline and ecological disasters. In early August, 1991, Drach received inter-national attention at the time President George H.W. Bush came to Kyiv to deliver a speech to the Verkhovna Rada in which he cautioned Ukraine against ‘‘suicidal nation-alism.’’ (Later named the ‘‘Chicken Kiev’’ speech by the late New York Times col-umnist Bill Satire). Before President Bush arrived in Ukraine from Moscow, at a Rukh rally in central Kyiv, Drach surprised the crowd and the media by anticipating Bush’s message and repudiating it in advance. ‘‘I am afraid that Bush has come here as a messenger for the center . . . We are not a sample of Soviet culture ....  Our culture is the culture of Ukraine, the culture of Ukrainians, Russians who live in Ukraine, Jews, Poles. Ukraine will become independent despite the center. Like the United States that cast off the Brit-ish Empire, Ukraine will cast off Moscow’s Soviet Empire.’’ One of Drach’s most important contribu-tions was his role during the week between August 19, 1991, and August 24, 1991. In re-sponse to a coup in Moscow during the early morning hours of August 19, under the direc-tion of Drach, Rukh immediately issued a statement condemning the leaders of the coup and the effort to return the USSR to hardline Communism, away from glasnost and perestroika. Rukh feared a reverse in the course of freedom that had been advanced. Rukh called for a special session of the Verkhovna Rada to be held immediately in order that a strategy be developed to dis-tance Ukraine from the coup in Moscow. Be-hind the scenes, the leaders of Rukh pres-sured the members of the Communist major-ity in parliament to agree to a vote for Ukraine’s independence on August 24, the date of the special session. Then, by an al-most unanimous vote, parliamentarians passed Ukraine’s Declaration of Independ-ence conditioning the declaration upon the vote of the people of Ukraine in a national referendum that was held on December 1, 1991. Ukraine was the only republic of the Soviet Union to condition its independence on a vote of the people. Drach continued to lead Rukh until the au-tumn of 1992, and continued to serve in the Verkhovna Rada through several more elec-tion cycles. Born on October 17, 1936, in Enlightens, Kyiv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Ivan Fedorovych Drach is survived by his wife Mariya and daughter Maryana, who is the Director of the Ukrainian Service of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty in Prague. His son Maksym, who had worked as a member of a medical team during the aftermath of Chornobyl, and later suffered health con-sequences as a result, passed away in 2009 at the age of 44. Although offered a prominent state burial, Drach declined and was buried in his native village, next to his parents and his son. —Robert A. McConnell, Co-Founder of the U.S.-Ukraine Foundation. RECOGNIZING JULIE AND BUCK WATERS FOR THEIR COMMIT-MENT TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE ARTS IN GREATER PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-mend Julie and Buck Waters, the Eighth An-nual Hylton Performing Arts Center Awards Gala honorees, for their endless contributions to expanding the reach of the arts in the Greater Prince William County area. In recognition of the arts being the heart of a civilized society, net proceeds from the an-nual gala benefit the Hylton Center’s many ar-tistic performances, arts education programs, veterans art and outreach initiatives, and the Hylton Center’s Endowment. These programs help to ensure the continuation of artistic ex-cellence in performances as well as the ac-cessibility to quality artistic programs. Over the short, storied history of the Hylton Performing Arts Center, a series of milestones have been reached due to the support and en-thusiasm of Julie and Buck Waters. Through their personal philanthropy and volunteerism, Julie and Buck Waters have demonstrated steadfast leadership and commitment to Prince William County, George Mason Univer-sity, and the Hylton Center. Their dedication has helped the Hylton Center sustain the en-tertainment, education, and enrichment of Northern Virginia by providing diverse and ac-cessible arts experiences in state-of-the-art venues. ’ As a member of the first fundraising com-mittee to build the Hylton Center, Buck Waters serves as a member of the George Mason University Prince William Campus Advisory Board. In addition, he is a former chairman of the Prince William Regional Chamber of Com-merce, the Prince William & Manassas Con-vention and Visitors Bureau, and the Potomac Business Committee for the Arts. Julie Waters is a past recipient of the Kath-leen K. Seefeldt Award for the Arts Excel-lence-Outstanding Volunteer award for her work helping to implement a program to bring children from the area’s public school systems to the Hylton Center for performances as a way to expose them to the arts. Julie currently serves on the Hylton Center’s Campaign Com-mittee, as the chairman of the Water’s Foun-dation, and as secretary of the Manassas Bal-let Theatre. As avid art enthusiasts, Mr. and Mrs. Waters supported the launch of the new Hylton Center EXTRA! Series. As Leonardo da Vinci once said, ‘‘Art is never finished, only abandoned.’’ We can take great comfort in knowing that with the support of Julie and Buck Waters as well as other great bene-factors of the Hylton Performing Arts Center, art will never be abandoned in Prince William County. In an effort to continue the advance-ment of the Hylton Center, Julie and Buck Waters generously named the Practice Room Suite Anteroom within the new Education and Rehearsal Wing. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the Eighth Annual Hylton Per-forming Arts Awards Gala honorees, Mr. and Mrs. Waters, for their tireless stewardship of the arts in Greater Prince William County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.003 E06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE971 July 6, 2018 
HONORING ROBERT FELLION 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Robert Fellion who has announced the Napa County Fourth of July Parade for the past thirty years, from 1989 to 2017 and is the Grand Marshal of the 2018 parade. Mr. Fellion was born in Berkeley, California and moved to Napa County when he was in high school. He graduated from St. Helena High School in 1963. After working for Sears Roebuck and Company for several decades, Mr. Fellion retired and opened Fellion’s Deli in Calistoga, California in 1984. Mr. Fellion has been a constant presence at our local Fourth of July parade as the an-nouncer and many people look forward to hearing him announce the parade each year. This year the community looks forward to Mr. Fellion leading the parade as the Grand Mar-shal, a well-deserved honor. Mr. Fellion’s commitment to serving our Napa County community does not end with his work for the parade. He has served as an auctioneer for many community fundraisers, including St. Helena High School’s athletic booster association and Soroptimist Inter-national of Calistoga. Mr. Fellion sponsored a little league team and provided the Calistoga High School football team with breakfast and packed them lunches when they played away games. In recognition for his support of youth activities, Mr. Fellion, along with his wife Carol and his brother Steve, won Calistoga’s Citizen of the Year award in 1987. Mr. Fellion is a current member and past president of the Native Sons of the Golden West, St. Helena. He is also a long-time mem-ber of the Rotary Club of Calistoga and an original member of the St. Helena Hall of Fame committee, which is committed to hon-oring high school athletes and coaches in our community. Mr. Speaker, Bob Fellion is dedicated to serving our community and has done so for many decades. He is an involved community member who aims to give back to the commu-nity that he says raised him. It is therefore fit-ting and proper that we honor Robert Fellion here today. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 4684 ENSUR-ING ACCESS TO QUALITY SOBER LIVING ACT 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4684, the Ensuring Ac-cess to Quality Sober Living Act of 2018. Opioid abuse has become a public health crisis with devastating consequences, includ-ing; overdoses, rising incidence of neonatal abstinence syndrome, homelessness, and un-employment. H.R. 4684 ensures that the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service Administra-tion has the resources to provide the best practices for operating recovery houses and to distribute the information to states, and to pro-vide technical assistance to states seeking to adopt such practices. It is undeniable that, to ensure their path to recovery, victims of substance abuse are in need of proper recovery housing that is free from alcohol and drug use. People suffering from addiction are in dire need of healthy living environments to ensure a successful transition. Recovering addicts coming from an environ-ment that does not provide the proper assist-ance, face many challenges and problems when they later reenter society. Every day, over 115 Americans die after overdosing on opioids, with more than 64,000 deaths reported in the year 2016. In 2015, 2588 opioid overdose related deaths were reported in my home state of Texas with Harris County accounting for 318 of those deaths. It has been reported that 91 percent of vic-tims in recovery will experience a relapse, 59 percent of those will experience a relapse within the first two weeks of sobriety, and 80 percent within a month after discharging from a detox facility. H.R. 4684 will not only provide addicts with qualified recovery homes but healthy family oriented settings. Medical research suggests that recovery residencies should be structured like family home, a community living environment which is centered on peer support and connection to services. These provisions of the bill will provide vic-tims of opioid addiction with much needed guidance. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 4684 to show their support in this extremely critical moment in time and ensure that those who have fallen victim to the opioid epidemic are provided with qualified recovery housing. f 
RECOGNIZING SARAH GOODRICH OF SALT 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great re-spect and admiration that I rise today to rec-ognize the exemplary career of Ms. Sarah W. Goodrich on the occasion of her retirement from Schoharie Area Long Term (SALT) De-velopment. Since 2012, Ms. Goodrich has re-markably served as the Executive Director of SALT, a non-profit group in Schoharie County, New York that works to promote sustainable community development, natural disaster re-covery, and emergency preparedness. In 2011, Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee caused severe flooding and devastation throughout Schoharie County. Ms. Goodrich spearheaded volunteer efforts in the wake of these natural disasters to assist friends, neigh-bors, and strangers rebuild their homes and communities. Throughout these difficult times, Ms. Goodrich became a cornerstone of dis-aster recovery within the Schoharie region, and it was her commitment to disaster recov-ery in the region that directly led to the cre-ation of SALT. The genuine care and concern she has for her community knows no bounds. In addition to her many years cultivating SALT and mak-ing it into a beacon of community develop-ment, she has also been an active member of the Mohawk Valley Regional Economic Devel-opment Council, the Schoharie County Cham-ber of Commerce Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors for the Cooperative Exten-sion of Schoharie County. In recognition and honor of her outstanding commitment to the community, Ms. Goodrich has also received countless awards and accolades. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Ms. Goodrich on her much-deserved retirement from SALT. Through her ardent and humble leadership, Ms. Goodrich has been an unfaltering steward and passionate advocate for the community. Her lifetime of hard work is inspirational, and I am grateful for her many and unparalleled contributions to SALT, to Schoharie County, and to New York State. f 
HONORING THE RECIPIENTS OF THE 2018 LITERACY COUNCIL OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA RECOGNI-TION EVENT 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Literacy Council of Northern Vir-ginia (LCNV) and to congratulate the volun-teers, instructors, students, community part-ners, and others who will be recognized at the 2018 LCNV Recognition Celebration. The mission of LCNV is to teach adults the basic skills of reading, writing, speaking, and understanding English in order to empower them to participate more fully and confidently in their communities and in society as a whole. LCNV serves low-literacy and limited English language proficient adults with a se-lection of low-cost, moderately intensive courses to help them transition into the work-force or other educational opportunities. LCNV provides the crucial first steps of language and literacy proficiency for workplace, citizenship, and community integration to help adults make measurable improvements in their lives. Each year LCNV recognizes students and members of the community who have contrib-uted their time, energy, and resources to achieving the mission of LCNV. LCNV will also recognize the recipient of the Patricia M. Don-nelly Merit Scholarship. It is my great honor to include in the R
ECORD the following names of the 2018 LCNV honorees and scholarship re-cipient: 
COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIP AWARDS  
Cox Charities. Fairfax County Office of Public Private Part-nerships. Korean Community Service Center of Great-er Washington. 
VOLUNTEERS OF THE YEAR  
Douglas ‘Kim’ Lutz. Teaching Team of Margaret Breen and Laura Schell. Library Team of Sally Eckard and Bruce Mil-ler. 
PATRICIA M . DONNELLY MERIT SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENT  
Faustine Coulibaly. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.005 E06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE972 July 6, 2018 
I also want to recognize those volunteers who are celebrating service anniversaries with LCNV. Volunteers are being recognized for service milestones of 5, 10 and 15 years re-spectively. 
VOLUNTEER SERVICE ANNIVERSARIES  
15 years: Kathleen Nebhut, Dianne Rankin, Judith Sapienza. 10 years: Rob Abbot, Renee Dexter, Kristen Landry, Jeffrey Randorf, Lynne Sprung. 5 years: Michael Carpenter, Liz Castillo, Eleftheria Frances, Alyse Goldman, Donna Kooperstein, Bruce Miller, Dahlia Orleans- Pobee, Fran Perros, Paul Schoen, Nancy Sim-mons, Robert Sutter, Gary Voegele. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the Literary Council of North-ern Virginia and in thanking and congratulating each of the honorees of the 2018 LCNV Rec-ognition Celebration. l wish all of them great success in their future endeavors. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MICHAEL ROLING 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Michael Roling of Dyersville, Iowa. The highest honor in the Boy Scouts is achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Only 4 per-cent of all scouts meet the requirements to earn the Eagle Scout Award. A Scout, such as Michael, requires tremendous dedication and hard work to rise through the ranks. In earning this title, Michael spent over 100 hours building a beautiful archery shelter, on display for his community to enjoy. He de-serves special recognition for this important accomplishment. The challenges he faced earning this rank will serve him well in his mis-sion of greater service to his family and com-munity. I wish him the best of luck in all his future endeavors. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 5228 STOP COUNTERFEIT DRUGS BY REGU-LATING AND ENHANCING EN-FORCEMENT NOW (SCREEN ACT) 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5228, the Stop Coun-terfeit Drugs by Regulating and Enhancing En-forcement Now Act, or the SCREEN Act. Mr. Speaker, one way the nation can ex-press its concern for our citizens’ health is by addressing the issue regarding counterfeit drugs and synthetic opioids. Among other things, H.R. 5228 will strength-en the ability of the Food and Drug Adminis-tration to combat counterfeit drugs, illegal and synthetic opioids, and opioid-like substances. Because the capabilities of counterfeit drugs and opioids are rapidly and continuously evolving, there is no single technology that provides long-term assurance of drug security. H.R. 5228 will implement new, holistic tech-nology to better protect our drug supply. Opioids are a class of drugs that include the illegal drug heroin. All opioids are chemically related and inter-act with opioid receptors on nerve cells in the body and brain. According to a recent study, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report there were 63,632 drug overdose deaths in 2016 in America, 42,249 of which were related to opioid overdoses. This issue directly affects my state of Texas, because in 2016, there were 1,375 opioid-re-lated overdose deaths, according to the Na-tional Institute on Drug Abuse. In the city of Houston alone, there were 364 drug-related overdose deaths. Another issue that H.R. 5228 will address is the prevalence of counterfeits, or fake medi-cines which are produced and sold with the in-tent to deceptively represent its authenticity or effectiveness. Fake medicine may contain harmful or inac-tive ingredients that harm users, or might have the right active ingredient but at the wrong dosage. Counterfeit drugs are illegal and can be harmful to your health. Mr. Speaker, critics of the FDA say the en-tire screening system is underutilized and filled with incomplete and late information. By enacting H.R. 5228, the FDA will have the authority to combat the scourge of opioids and counterfeit drugs. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5228. f 
HONORING CORPORAL ALEX NEUBE 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of Corporal Alex Neube. After joining the United States Army in 1951, Mr. Neube was deployed to Korea, where he fought courageously and quickly as-cended to the rank of Corporal. During his tour of duty in the Korean War, he was involved in an intense firefight with opposing forces in which he was injured. Yet after recovering in a military hospital, Corporal Neube would re-turn to the battlefield to complete the valiant effort of liberating our ally and defending de-mocracy. After the completion of his tour in 1953, he returned to the United States, and was placed in the ready reserves where he remained until honorably discharged in 1957. Upon his exit from the military, he married Estelle Mangin. Together, they would raise six children. Grow-ing through adolescence with the values of his father, their youngest, Brian, was inspired to enlist in the United States Air Force, where he would remain until 2014, retiring at the rank of Master Sergeant. Corporal Neube is the perfect example of an ideal soldier. Honor. Duty. Sacrifice. These values embody everything Corporal Neube stands for. Without the courage of Americans like him, we would have no one to uphold our values and defend our freedoms so that our democratic ideals may exist in peace. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize such a deserving man, Corporal Alex Neube. I thank him for his patriotism, and I salute him for everything he has done for this great na-tion. RECOGNIZING THE FAIRFAX FED-ERATION OF CITIZENS ASSOCIA-TIONS 2018 CITIZEN OF THE YEAR AWARD RECIPIENTS HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the recipients of the Fairfax Federation of Citizens Associations Citizen of the Year Awards. The Federation is a coalition of civic and homeowners associations who work to-gether to promote and support initiatives that will benefit all. Each year, the federation hon-ors individuals for their extraordinary contribu-tions to our community. I am honored to rec-ognize the following individuals for their serv-ice to our community: 2018 Citizen of the Year: Gary Ambrose: A passionate advocate on behalf of those with mental illness and substance abuse disorders, Gary is an active member of National Alliance on Mental Illness, Concerned Fairfax, the Mental Health Subcommittee of the Fairfax County Ad Hoc Police Practices Review Com-mission, and the Steering Committee of the Fairfax County Veterans Treatment Docket. Since 2013, he has served on the board of di-rectors for the Fairfax-Falls Church Commu-nity Services Board, two years as chairman. He is also the Chairman of Fairfax County’s Diversion First Stakeholders Group. In 2016, he was recognized by the Virginia Association of Community Services Boards with the Sen-ator Joseph V. Gartlan, Jr. Award. Citation of Merit: Barbara Lippa: Following a 35-year career with the Fairfax County Plan-ning Commission, including the last 14 years as Executive Director, since 2013 Barbara has focused her retirement activities primarily on women’s empowerment. Barbara has served as the Sully District representative on the County Commission for Women since 2013, and is currently its Vice-Chairwoman. Since 2014, Barbara has also served on the Execu-tive Board of the National Association of Com-mission for Women, including 2 years as Treasurer. In addition, she has served in var-ious capacities at the local, District, and Inter-national levels of Zonta International, which strives to advance the status of women through service and advocacy. Citation of Merit: Lyle ‘‘Chet’’ McLaren: Chet has served on the Fairfax County Park Author-ity, the Trails and Sidewalk Committee, the Environmental Quality Advisory Council, and the Tree Commission, to name a few . He has also served as President of the North Spring-field Elementary School PTA, the Annandale High School PTA, the Annandale High School Band Boosters, the North Springfield Swim Club, and coach for the North Springfield Little League. In addition, Chet has also volunteered immeasurable hours to his North Springfield community and its nearby schools and parks, and was instrumental in the creation of the Friends of Lake Accotink Park. Citation of Merit: Richard Raines: Since Oc-tober, 2003, Reserve Deputy Richard Raines has volunteered more than 23,500 hours with the Fairfax County Sheriff’s Office. Initially as-signed to review and update the Sheriff’s Of-fice emergency plans and standard operating procedures, he assisted in the submission of applications for federal grants for the enhance-ment of security of the Fairfax County judicial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.008 E06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE973 July 6, 2018 
center. He and his partner formulated a plan for and conducted a full scale exercise for the emergency evacuation of the Fairfax County Adult Detention Center. This has become the basis for the National Sheriff’s Associations class for the emergency evacuation of jails. The American Jail Association named him the association’s volunteer of the year in 2005. The Fairfax County Board designated March 25, 2014 Richard Raines Day in recognition of his service to the county. Special Gratitude Award: Earl Flanagan: Earl Flanagan has been active in our commu-nity for decades. He has served as Mount Vernon District representative to the Fairfax County Planning Commission and Fairfax County Transportation Advisory Commission. Earl has served as President of the Riverside Estates Civic Association and of the Mount Vernon Council of Citizens Associations, and on the boards of the Fairfax County Federa-tion of Citizens Associations and the South-east Fairfax Development Corporation. A World War II veteran and former Air Force Of-ficer, Earl served in General Patton’s 3rd Army and later in Korea. He currently serves as the President of the 71st lnfantry Division Associa-tion. Mr. Speaker, l ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these incredible individuals and in congratulating them on being honored by the Fairfax County Federation of Citizens’ Asso-ciations. Civic engagement is the foundation of a healthy community, and Fairfax County resi-dents enjoy an exceptional quality of life due in part to the efforts of these individuals. The contributions and leadership of these hon-orees have been a great benefit to our com-munity and truly merit our highest praise. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF TONI ELLISON 
HON. JERRY McNERNEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of Toni Ellison, who passed away on June 16, 2018. Toni was born and raised in Stockton, Cali-fornia, where she attended Franklin High School and graduated in 1988. After high school, she worked in a number of fields, from technology to early childhood education. Sup-porting the young members of the community was her passion. She was an active participant and volunteer as a Co-Youth Advisor with the NAACP Youth Council, and worked as a Case Worker for Head Start of San Joaquin County. She took great pride and joy in giving back to her com-munity, and ensuring that children received a quality education. Toni was a dynamic mem-ber of many community churches, where she became known as ‘‘Coach Toni’’ and the first ‘‘B.O.S.S. the Movement’’ trainer in northern California. After being diagnosed with cancer in 2013, she began to take courses to become a cer-tified holistic health coach and was inspired to someday create her own wellness charity to promote natural and integral health for the body. Toni dedicated her life to the success and spiritual wellbeing of her community, friends, and family. Her legacy will undoubtedly con-tinue to live on through those who knew and were inspired by her. f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 5002 ACE RESEARCH ACT 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5002, the ACE Re-search Act. It is undeniable that more money, re-sources, and research needs to go into solv-ing the many addictions, diseases, and dis-orders that face our society today. H.R. 5002 amends the Public Health Serv-ice Act by augmenting the National Institutes of Health’s research initiatives, by introducing more critical research that will strengthen the understanding and yield cures to the myriad of health problems that are facing Americans today. The ACE Research Act will provide the Na-tional Institutes of Health with the necessary authority, resources and support it needs to further research and increase the fundamental biological understanding of the prevention, di-agnosis, and treatment of diseases and dis-orders. Additionally, the research initiatives under-taken by the National Institutes of Health may be supported through transactions other than contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements under the ACE Research Act. The ACE Research Act will provide the Na-tional Institutes of Health with the measures to implement high impact, cutting-edge research necessary to combat public health threats. Further, the National Institutes of Health will be able to partner with companies that have the technology and resources to administer this cutting-edge research. The National Institutes of Health conducts tremendous, groundbreaking research that in-vestigates the causes and remedies of dis-eases, addictions, ailments, and other public health areas for all people. Moreover, the National Institutes of Health is the leading government agency that is respon-sible for essential public health and biomedical research, which helps Americans combat the health concerns that arise daily. The ACE Research Act will support the Na-tional Institutes of Health’s research initiatives in finding cures to the growing opioid addiction in America today. Opioid addiction, which includes the overuse of illicit and prescription drugs, is taking the lives of Americans across our nation each day. A Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion (CDC) report cited 63,632 drug overdose deaths in 2016 in America, 42,249 of which were related to opioid overdoses. In 2016, there were 1,375 opioid-related overdose deaths in Texas, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse. In the city of Houston, there were 364 drug- related overdose deaths alone that happened in 2016 according to the Treatment Center, a highly respected drug and alcohol addiction treatment service center. Therefore, it is vital that research is done concerning drug abuse and addictions, as it has been a long-term problem in our society. According to the American Society of Addic-tion Medicine, addiction is ‘‘a primary, chronic disease of brain reward, motivation, memory and related circuitry.’’ Addiction is not a choice, a moral feeling, or a lack of will-power; it is a disease of the brain that requires proper treatment. Addiction is a longstanding mental and physical illness that many Americans are fac-ing today, leading to their lives being com-promised, and in some cases even leading to their death. The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is overseeing important research to respond to this epidemic, and this bill responds favorably to its request for more flexibility in conducting research on treatments for opioid addiction and other disease areas. This research may lead to scientific ad-vances that may find solutions to the opioid crisis, as well as solutions to other addictions and public health threats. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5002, which will expand the Na-tional Institutes of Health’s research initiatives to include valuable research that will address the multitude of health concerns facing Ameri-cans today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE GRAVE MARKING OF ISAAC BERRY 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the grave marking of Isaac Berry at the Woodside Cemetery in Yarmouth, Massachusetts. Born in 1728, Isaac Berry was a landowner, farmer, merchant, constable, sea captain, and lawyer in Yarmouth, Massachusetts. He was elected as constable in 1774, where he had the unique opportunity to directly serve the townspeople of Yarmouth. In this position he was assigned to oversee that a limited amount of British tea was consumed in Yarmouth. In 1778, Berry joined the Yarmouth militia during the American Revolution. Under the command of Lot Crowell, he responded to the Alarm at Falmouth and the Alarm at Dart-mouth. During his time, he was also respon-sible for guarding the prisoners of the HMS Somerset after the ship sank in Cape Cod waters. Isaac Berry married Sarah Crowell in 1751 and together they started a family. After living a long life dedicated to his community and country, he passed away in 1803 and was buried in Yarmouth. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Isaac Berry and his contribution to the town of Yar-mouth. I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing his hard work and dedication on the event of his grave marking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.012 E06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE974 July 6, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE WASHINGTON REGIONAL ALCOHOL PROGRAM LAW ENFORCEMENT AWARDS OF EXCELLENCE RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Washington Regional Alcohol Program (WRAP), and to congratulate the re-cipients of the 20th Annual Law Enforcement Awards of Excellence for Impaired Driving Prevention. Founded in 1982, WRAP is an award-win-ning, public-private coalition formed to fight drunk driving, drugged driving, and underage drinking in the Washington, D.C., metropolitan region. Through educational and innovative public outreach programs, WRAP is credited with keeping local alcohol-related death rates consistently below the national average. Its programs educate students and the general public on the dangers of alcohol and drugs, particularly driving while under the influence. Through the WRAP Holiday SoberRide pro-gram, individuals who are impaired can re-quest a free cab ride home. Since SoberRide was launched in 1993, 65,385 free cab rides have been provided in the Washington Metro-politan area, preventing potential accidents and deaths. In 1982, the year that WRAP was founded, 26,173 people in the United States lost their lives in alcohol-related car accidents, and 60 percent of all traffic fatalities involved drunk driving. Due to the tireless efforts of WRAP, other organizations such as MADD and SADD, local and state police, and enforce-ment of more stringent anti-drunk driving laws, considerable progress has been made in de-creasing the number of alcohol-related traffic fatalities, especially here in the Washington Metropolitan Region. According to the Council of Governments, the number of alcohol-im-paired fatalities, injuries, and crashes have all decreased since 2014. However, more work still remains as 32.75 percent of all traffic fa-talities in the region in 2016 were alcohol or drug related. Since 1997, WRAP has sponsored an an-nual Law Enforcement Awards Ceremony to honor local law enforcement professionals who have gone above and beyond the call of duty in the fight against drunk driving. It is my honor to include in the R
ECORD the names of the 2017 Law Enforcement Awards of Excel-lence for Impaired Driving Prevention recipi-ents: Officer Wesley Vitale, City of Alexandria Po-lice Department Master Police Officer Dimitrios Mastoras, Ar-lington County Police Department Corporal Kevin Hedden, City of Falls Church Police Department Officer Devin White, Fairfax County Police Department Private First Class Eliezer Calo, Town of Herndon Police Department Deputy John Chavez, Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office Trooper Dennis Moguche, Maryland State Police Officer Derrick Ferguson, Metropolitan Po-lice Department Police Officer II Lawrence Caldwell, Mont-gomery County Department of Police Police Officer III John Romack, Montgomery County Department of Police Police Officer First Class Richard D. Carlson III, Prince George’s County Police Department Officer Matthew Sciabica, Prince William County Police Department Officer Benjamin Tomasiello, United States Park Police Trooper Lucie Vajglova, Virginia State Po-lice Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the recipients of the Law Enforcement Awards of Excellence and in rec-ognizing WRAP for its 35 years of public serv-ice. I commend the staff of WRAP, under the leadership of President Kurt Erickson and Board Chairman Gary Cohen, for their tireless dedication to eradicating underage drinking and drunk or drugged driving. Their efforts, combined with the support of partner organiza-tions and law enforcement agencies, have saved lives and are deserving of our highest praise and gratitude. f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA AND STANLEY JOHNSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Barbara and Stanley Johnson of Villisca, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on June 10, 2018. Barbara and Stanley’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF MELVIN T. BURGESS, SR. 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-call the excellent life of Melvin T. Burgess, Sr., who served his community in various capac-ities for 56 years and died June 28 at the age of 80. Mr. Burgess served for 33 years with the Memphis Police Department, the final two and a half years as Police Director. Mr. Bur-gess was a graduate of Booker T. Washington High School after which he joined the U.S. Air Force. He was also a graduate of Grambling State University in Grambling, Louisiana. Mr. Burgess joined the Memphis Police Depart-ment on March 12, 1962, starting off in the Beale Street Precinct as a beat officer. He rose through the ranks, working in the juve-nile, robbery, narcotics and homicide units be-fore becoming an Inspector then Director in January 1992. As Director, he assumed the command of 1,448 commissioned officers. He ran for Shelby County Sheriff as a Democrat in 1998 but did not prevail. The following year, he began working as the second in command of the Tunica County Sheriffs Department dur-ing federal corruption probe and, when the sheriff under indictment pleaded guilty to ex-tortion and resigned, Burgess ran the depart-ment for almost a year until a successor was elected. He was commended by one federal prosecutor for ‘‘coming in and righting the ship.’’ He also worked as chief of security for Harrah’s Casino in Tunica. Mr. Burgess was a true man of character and integrity whom I grew to know and admire while I was the legal advisor to the Memphis Police Department. I want to extend my condolences to his wife of 43 years, Johanna; his son Shelby County Commissioner Melvin Burgess II and his wife Sandra; his daughter Pamela Nelson; and his four grandchildren. Melvin Burgess always did the right thing. His was a life well-lived, and he will be missed. f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 5587 PEER SUPPORT COMMUNITIES OF RE-COVERY ACT 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5587, the Peer Support Communities of Recovery. H.R. 5587 provides for the establishment of regional assistance centers to implement ad-diction recovery support services throughout an individual’s treatment. Everyday, over 100 people in the United States die from opioid related drug overdoses, while over 11.5 million people misuse pre-scription opioids. In 2016, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report cited 63,632 drug overdose deaths in the U.S., with a lin-early increasing trend. In Texas, there were 1,375 opioid-related overdose deaths and within Houston alone, there were 364 drug-related overdose deaths that happened in 2016 according to the Treat-ment Center. The U.S. is going through a serious drug abuse epidemic and the resources available for recovering addicts are currently limited in variability. Peer support services are unique in that they allow for individuals with common experi-ences to share their stories of recovery with the people who might be seeking help. Through self-help and shared support, peo-ple are able to offer strength and hope to their peers, which allows for personal growth, pro-motes wellness, and encourages recovery. Examples of peer support include: peer mentoring or coaching; peer recovery resource connecting; recovery group facilitation; and community building. In Houston, we have peer support programs that exist for both adults and youth through the Houston Health Department and Houston Recovery Center. H.R. 5587 authorizes programs, similar to the ones that are having a positive impact in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.016 E06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE975 July 6, 2018 
Houston, to be established across the country to serve other communities. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5587 to ensure that we are ad-dressing substance abuse in the United States as efficiently as possible. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TROOPER II BRAN-DON WEST AS THE 2018 PRINCE WILLIAM CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE BRONZE MEDAL OF VALOR RECIPIENT 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-mend 2018 Bronze Medal of Valor Trooper II Brandon D. West for his extraordinary service and superior dedication to public safety he dis-plays on a daily basis. For the past 32 years, the Prince William Chamber of Commerce has paid tribute to our police officers, firefighters, and emergency personnel for their extraordinary service. Each year, we gather to recognize the remarkable heroism and bravery above and beyond the line of duty exemplified by our public safety and law enforcement professionals. In 2014, Trooper West received the Virginia State Police Superintendent’s Award of Honor, the American Red Cross Lifesaving Award, and the Prince William Chamber of Commerce Silver Medal of Valor Award for his bravery, selflessness, and quick action in rescuing an individual and his dog before their disabled ve-hicle was engulfed in flames. These are just a few of the honors and awards bestowed to Trooper West in recognition of his dedication to public safety. During a shift in 2017, Trooper West was stationary on Interstate 95 northbound at the Occoquan Bridge when he saw a Dodge pick-up truck with a large trailer pull to the right shoulder of the bridge. Trooper West pro-ceeded to the location. Fairfax Communica-tions sent out a call for a safety service to re-spond and informed Trooper West that an ad-ditional request for rescue services had been dispatched. Upon his arrival to the scene, a passenger informed Trooper West that the driver was injured. Trooper West found the driver pale and in possible shock. Seeing a large amount of blood on the floorboard, Trooper West realized a broken drive shaft had come through the floor of the pickup, striking the driver and severing part of his leg. Trooper West applied a tourniquet to the driv-er’s leg to slow the loss of blood. The tour-niquet kept slipping, so Trooper West held the tourniquet in place until rescue services ar-rived and applied a second tourniquet. Ulti-mately, the driver was flown from the scene in good condition, thanks to Trooper West’s res-cue efforts. In recognition of his act of valor, extraor-dinary dedication, and outstanding perform-ance under unusually difficult circumstances, it is my honor to include in the R
ECORD Bronze Medal for Valor Award recipient, Trooper Brandon D. West of the Virginia State Police. Trooper West has exemplified the noble mis-sion of all law-enforcement officers: to protect and serve in the line of duty. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues join me in recognizing Trooper II Brandon D. West and in congratulating him on receiving the 2018 Prince William Chamber of Commerce Bronze Medal of Valor Award. The selfless act of her-oism by Trooper West merits our highest praise. I thank Trooper West, as well as all Virginia State Police law enforcement profes-sionals, for their dedication and commitment to the protection of our communities. f 
TRIBUTE TO NORMA AND KENNY ARCHER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Norma and Kenny Archer of Honey Creek, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on June 9, 2018 at the Archer Farm in Honey Creek. Norma and Kenny’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SRI VIJAYESHWARI DEVI 
HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Sri Vijayeshwari Devi, known to her many admirers as Amma Sri Karunamayi or ‘‘Amma,’’ for her exemplary ef-forts in bringing peace and understanding not only to the people of India, but to all nations. Amma was born in the Indian state of An-dhra Pradesh. As a child, she was drawn to a spiritual existence, and spent most of her young adult life absorbed in prayer and medi-tation. After a period of intense reflection, Amma began a life of advocacy for the poor and disenfranchised, publicly speaking throughout India on the issues of nonviolence, equality, and respect for all people regardless of gender, religion, race or social status. Her teachings have led her across the globe, speaking to countless followers and per-forming humanitarian work wherever the need is greatest. To realize her vision of a more just world, Amma and her organization offer a host of services to underserved men, women and chil-dren in the United States, India and Africa. These services include organizing and pro-viding, among other things, free medical care, clean water, free education, free food, leprosy care, and wheelchair distribution. Amma be-lieves in pursuing sustainable development that enable families trapped in poverty to give a better future to their children. Amma is beloved by many as a Hindu saint, and has a large following in my district. Her humanitarian efforts have been recognized and celebrated by, among others, Congress-man DANNY DAVIS, Congressman B ILLFOS-
TER, Governor Pat Quinn, Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle, and President Jimmy Carter. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Amma’s selfless and compassionate devotion to all people, and her work to bring peace and un-derstanding to our world. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 5197 ALTER-NATIVES TO OPIOIDS (ALTO) IN THE EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT ACT 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5197, the Alternatives to Opioids in the Emergency Department Act, or the ALTO Act. Mr. Speaker, our nation faces an opioid cri-sis. H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, directs the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to con-duct a demonstration program to test alter-native pain management protocols to limit the use of opioids in hospitals and emergency de-partments. Opioids contributed to the deaths of more than 42,000 people in 2016, more than any year on official record. Forty percent of all opioid overdose deaths involve a prescription opioid. The economic burden of prescription opioid misuse in the United States is estimated to be $78.5 billion dollars per year. This figure includes costs stemming from health care, including addiction treatment, lost productivity, and criminal justice involvement. Over 200 million opioid prescriptions are written in the United States each year, and 2 million Americans have the symptoms of sub-stance use disorder. Approximately 21 to 29 percent of patients prescribed opioids for chronic pain misuse them. In Texas, 4 percent of the population reports using pain relievers for non-medical purposes. Harris County, which contains my home dis-trict, has a pain medication misuse rate of 3.91 percent. The time for action is now. H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, directs Health and Human Services to carry out a 3–year demonstration program which awards grants to hospitals and emergency departments to develop, implement, enhance, or study alter-native pain management protocols and treat-ments that promote the appropriate limited use of opioids. Emergency departments in several States, including in New Jersey and Colorado, have developed innovative programs to more widely utilize non-opioid pain treatments to reduce the use of opioids. We must learn from these attempts and ini-tiate a national program to limit the overuse of opioids in emergency settings. However, it is important to realize that some groups, such as African Americans, are under- prescribed pain management medications. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.019 E06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE976 July 6, 2018 
We must balance these new programs that work to reduce over-prescription with our con-tinued efforts to ensure that medically nec-essary treatment be provided to people in need. H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, is especially im-portant for my district and the greater Houston area. Houston is home to many world-renowned trauma centers including Ben Taub and Me-morial Hermann. These centers have extensive emergency medical services and they, along with hos-pitals around the state and the nation, will benefit greatly from the support this bill pro-vides. Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress to inter-vene before opioids claim the lives of more Americans. The Alternatives to Opioids in the Emer-gency Department Act, or the ALTO Act is a necessary step towards stopping this opioid crisis. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, to prevent opioid addiction at the source and ensure that this crisis is stopped. 
f 
REMEMBERING LEE ADRIAN 
HON. TONY CA´RDENAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of one of my constituents, Lee Adrian. Lee was an active member of our commu-nity, serving as Block Captain for the Strathern Neighborhood Watch in North Hollywood, where he worked tirelessly with law enforce-ment agencies, private organizations, and indi-vidual citizens to reduce crime and improve our community. He was also involved with the Community Police Advisory Board for the Los Angeles Police Department Foothill Division that supports the Neighborhood Watch. A proud patriot, Lee was known for dis-playing an American flag outside his home for pedestrians to admire. He was also a veteran of the United States Air Force. His love for country translated to Lee’s involvement with community advocates, faith leaders, and gov-ernment officials to make our community a better place for everyone. He and his wife worked relentlessly on the Whitsett Avenue ‘‘VINTAGE NORTH HOLLY-WOOD’’ mural until its dedication in 2014, with a drought-resistant garden on both sides of the mural. The large mural was a community effort, which can now be enjoyed by motorists traveling on Whitsett Avenue and on the 170 Freeway, north of Sherman Way. I hope Mr. Adrian’s legacy is never forgot-ten, and that his passion of giving back to the community inspires others to follow his lead. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOYCE AND CHET LAMMERT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Joyce and Chet Lammert of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. They were married on May 18, 1958 at Missouri Valley Church of Christ. Joyce and Chet’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
CONGRATULATING DANIEL JO-SEPHSON ON WINNING THE 2018 CONSERVATIONIST OF THE YEAR 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Daniel Josephson on winning the 2018 Conservationist of the Year award. The Adirondack Council’s Conservationist of the Year award recognizes an individual for contributions to the Council’s mission of ensur-ing ecological integrity and wild character of the Adirondack Park. This year, Daniel Jo-sephson is recognized for his dedication to re-search and advocacy on behalf of lakes, ponds, and the Honnedaga brook trout in the Adirondack Park. For more than 30 years, Daniel has advo-cated for conservation efforts in the Adiron-dacks by working with Cornell University’s Adi-rondack Fishery Research Team. He used his strong research and knowledge on the im-pacts of acid rain on lakes and ponds to aid advocates in influencing Congress, resulting in legislation that would increase cuts to air pol-lution. Through his passion for communicating scientific knowledge to help conservationists promote policy change, Daniel played an in-strumental role in conserving the beauty and ecological value of the Adirondacks. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate Daniel on his well-deserved award, and thank him for his continued com-mitment to protecting the Adirondack Park, its natural resources, and its native species. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 5102 SUB-STANCE USE DISORDER WORK-FORCE LOAN REPAYMENT ACT OF 2018 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5102, the Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act of 2018. H.R. 5102 would establish a loan repayment program for mental health professionals prac-ticing in areas with few mental health pro-viders or with high death rates from overdose. Mr. Speaker, this bill will amend the Public Health Service Act to create a loan repayment program for individuals who complete a period of service in a substance use disorder treat-ment job in a mental health professional short-age area and counties where the drug over-dose death rate is higher than the national av-erage. This bill authorizes $25 million per year over fiscal years 2019–2028. H.R. 5102 will strengthen America’s sub-stance abuse treatment workforce and provide for greater access to care for patients who need it the most. Mr. Speaker, the current trends of sub-stance abuse in the U.S. are startling. A Columbia University study found that over 40 million Americans age 12 and over meet the clinical criteria for drug addiction and abuse. As substance abuse rates and death from overdose rates increase, studies project a shortage of 85,000 physicians in 2020—the impact of which will be the most devastating in rural communities. In my home state of Texas, 10.1 people die per 100,000 in the population from drug overdoses. In 2016, in Houston there were 364 drug overdose related deaths reported. H.R. 5102 addresses these critical issues by providing an additional path for health care providers to practice in rural and underserved communities, ultimately giving greater access to care for those suffering from substance use disorder. This piece of legislation will strengthen rural health care systems and will improve access to care for patients in these rural communities. Mr. Speaker, the Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act of 2018 will help build a well-equipped workforce to com-bat the current rise in substance use dis-orders. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 GREATER RESTON CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE EXCELLENCE AWARD RE-CIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the recipients of the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce Annual Chamber Ex-cellence (ACE) Awards. These awards are presented to individuals, organizations, and businesses whose extraordinary efforts make our community a better place. I have been proud to represent this commu-nity since my days as Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. The level of civic engagement celebrated by these awards is a testament to the community spirit of Res-ton. I have often said that civic engagement is a key indicator of a healthy community and to-night’s event proves that Reston is one of the healthiest communities in all of Northern Vir-ginia! That is due in no small part to the ac-tions of those honored here this evening and I extend my congratulations to all of tonight’s honorees. I also wish to thank Charles Kapur and Mark Ingrao of the Greater Reston Cham-ber of Commerce for their tireless efforts on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.023 E06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE977 July 6, 2018 
behalf of others and to congratulate the Great-er Reston Chamber of Commerce as it cele-brates its 35th anniversary. It is my honor to include in the R
ECORD the recipients of the 2018 ACE Awards: Committee of the Year—NOVA B2G Con-ference Steering Committee Small Business of the Year—Tagence Medium Business of the Year—AOC Key Solutions Large Business of the Year—SOS Inter-national, LLC Member of the Year—Dave and JoAnne Adams Group—Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage New Member of the Year—Cooper’s Hawk Winery and Restaurant Volunteer of the Year—Omicron Kappa Kappa Chapter, Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. Young Professional of the Year—Colin May Pinnacle Award—Charles Kapur, Access National Bank Presidential Award—Tom Maddon, Visual Impact Productions Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the 2018 ACE Award honorees for their tremendous contributions and in thanking them for their service. I would also like to express my sincere appreciation to the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce and all of its members for lending their time and energy to the betterment of our commu-nity. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOYCE AND LARRY NEWMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Joyce and Larry Newman of Clarinda, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on June 3, 2018. Joyce and Larry’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MANASSAS CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT 2018 PRINCE WILLIAM CHAMBER OF COMMERCE VALOR AWARD RE-CIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-mend the City of Manassas Police Department and its outstanding members who have dem-onstrated superior dedication to ensuring the safety of their colleagues and members of the community and their designation as 2018 Prince William Chamber of Commerce Valor Award recipients. The annual Valor Awards ceremony recognizes the remarkable heroism and bravery above and beyond the line of duty exemplified by our public safety and law en-forcement professionals. For the past 32 years, the Prince William Chamber of Com-merce has paid tribute to police officers, fire-fighters, and emergency personnel for their extraordinary service. Incorporated in 1975, the 10 square miles of the City of Manassas is located thirty miles southwest of the Nation’s Capital and sur-rounded by Prince William County. Recog-nized as a ‘‘Gold Standard with Excellence Agency’’ by the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, the City of Manassas Police Department maintains a proactive approach to crime prevention built on established relationships within the commu-nity. As a result, the 120 employees maintain a high-level of professionalism, dedication, and commitment to the more than 41,000 resi-dents. It is my honor to include in the RECORD the following names of the City of Manassas Po-lice Department law enforcement profes-sionals. These brave men and women put their lives at risk on a daily basis to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. In recogni-tion of their acts of valor, the following individ-uals are being honored for their extraordinary dedication and outstanding performance under unusually difficult or dangerous circumstances. Valor Merit Award: Officer Luis Armas, Offi-cer Nicole Arrington, Communications Super-visor Jeremey Bergeron. Valorous Unit Award: Officer John Casteline, Officer Jeff Shubert, K9 Officer Rex, Detective Andrew Speights, Sergeant Chris Shields. Hillary Robinette Valor Award: Master De-tective A. Geovani Barahona. Silver Award for Valor: Sergeant Jake Martz, Officer Jon Casteline, Officer Colin Heinke, Officer Steve Shillingburg, Officer Chris Sutton. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the 2018 Prince William Cham-ber of Commerce Valor Award recipients of the City of Manassas Police Department. The selfless acts of heroism by this distinguished group of men and women merits our highest praise. I thank each honoree, as well as all City of Manassas Police Department law en-forcement professionals, for their dedication and commitment to the protection of our com-munities. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DAVID J. MOLCHANY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate Mr. David J. Molchany on his retire-ment from Fairfax County government after a long and distinguished career. Dave currently serves as the Deputy County Executive for Fairfax County, a position he also held during my time as a Member and Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. I was proud to partner with him on many efforts to improve the lives of the citizens of Fairfax County. Dave’s career with Fairfax County began in 1995 with the Department of Information Tech-nology as CIO of Fairfax County, a role he held until 1997, when he was appointed as Deputy County Executive. Dave’s portfolio in this role was extensive, as he was responsible for overseeing the following areas within the Fairfax County government: Fairfax County Public Library and Archives, Department of In-formation Technology, Department of Cable Communications and Consumer Services, De-partment of Vehicle Services, Facilities Man-agement Department, Office of Human Rights and Equity Programs, Environmental and En-ergy Programs, and HIPAA Compliance. Dave has also chaired the e-Government Steering Committee, the Energy and Efficiency Con-servation Committee, and is responsible for the County’s Arts Committee. During my tenure as Chairman, my col-leagues and I created an Environmental Vision for Fairfax County, the first comprehensive en-vironmental agenda of its kind for local gov-ernment. Implementation and oversight of this plan fell to Dave’s office and the careful con-sideration and proficiency with which he di-rected these efforts ensured that the County not only continued to strive to meet the goals, but in fact achieved some results ahead of schedule. His efforts are part of the reason why Fairfax County has created a model for sustainability programs across the region and indeed across the entire country. Another area that should be highlighted is Dave’s manage-ment of the IT side of the County government. As one might expect from an entity with tens of thousands of employees, more than one million residents and a budget in the billions of dollars, the County government’s IT infrastruc-ture is massive and complex. Dave’s expertise in enterprise architecture, application develop-ment and support, data management, cyber- security, and other related areas is crucial to the effective operation of the county. In rec-ognition of his immeasurable contributions in this area, Dave has received numerous awards and accolades including Governing Magazine’s Public Officials of the Year (2003), Federal Computer Week Magazine’s ‘‘Federal 100’’ (2003), Computerworld Magazine’s Pre-mier 100 Informational Technology Leaders (2002), Government Technology Magazine’s ‘‘25 Doers, Dreamers, and Drivers of Informa-tion Technology (2002), and Public Tech-nology Institute’s Technology Leadership Award for Large Jurisdictions (2002). Mr. Speaker, the residents and public serv-ants of Fairfax County have benefited enor-mously from Dave Molchany’s commitment and leadership. I thank him for his great serv-ice to his community and ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on his retire-ment and in wishing him continued success. f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 449 SYN-THETIC DRUG AWARENESS ACT OF 2017 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 449, the Synthetic Drug 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.028 E06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE978 July 6, 2018 
Awareness Act of 2017, which requires the Surgeon General to report to Congress on the public health effects of the increased use since January 2010 by individuals who are 12 to 18 years old of drugs developed and manu-factured to avoid control under the Controlled Substances Act. The term synthetic drug means a drug which is developed and manufactured to avoid control under the Controlled Substances Act. There are more than 200 identified synthetic drug compounds and more than 90 different synthetic drug marijuana compounds. Many of these synthetic drugs are made in foreign countries and then smuggled into the United States. These clandestinely-made drugs have no manufacturing safety standards that are nor-mally required by the Food and Drug Adminis-tration. Synthetic opioids have surpassed prescrip-tion opioids as the most common drug class involved in overdose deaths in the United States. According to the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration, fentanyl-related deaths nationwide are up from previous years by 73 percent. Fentanyl, a synthetic opioid created using man-made chemical components rather than naturally occurring ingredients, is 50–100 times more potent than morphine. Overall, drug overdose deaths involving fentanyl-type drugs in the United States rose from about 3,000 in 2010 to more than 19,400 in 2016. The rate of teen drug overdose deaths in the United States climbed 19 percent from 2014 to 2015, from 3.1 deaths per 100,000 teens to 3.7 per 100,000. The number of American teens to die of a drug overdose leapt by almost a fifth in 2015 after seven years of decline. The opioid epidemic claimed more than 52,000 lives in 2015. In Texas, Synthetic opioids account for al-most one-fifth of drug related overdoses. In 2016, there were 1,375 opioid-related overdose deaths in Texas specifically, accord-ing to the National Institute on Drug Abuse. Last year, 364 drug-related overdose deaths happened in Houston. Synthetic marijuana, methamphetamine, co-caine, and heroin top the list of drug-related problems in the Houston area. Geographically, death rates from overdoses involving synthetic opioids increased in 21 states, with 10 states doubling their rates from 2016 to 2017. No area of the United States is exempt from this epidemic—we all know a friend, family member or loved one devastated by opioids. H.R. 449 is a positive step in the right direc-tion, I urge my colleagues to vote Yes on H.R. 449, the Synthetic Drug Awareness Act of 2017. 
f 
CONGRATULATING GARY LEE ON WINNING THE ADIRONDACK COUNCIL’S SPECIAL RECOGNI-TION AWARD 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate retired Forest Ranger Gary Lee on winning the Adirondack Council’s Special Recognition Award. The Adirondack Council’s Special Recogni-tion Award acknowledges an individual for contributions to the Council’s mission of ensur-ing ecological integrity and wild character of the Adirondack Park. This year’s winner, Gary Lee, has dedicated over 30 years of his life to wildlife conservation in the North Country. As a New York State Forest Ranger, Gary worked at the West Canada Lakes Wilderness and Moose River Plains Wild Forest. His achievements include producing the New York State Breeding Bird Atlas and banding birds on Four Brothers Island in Lake Champlain as well as at the Crown Point Bird Banding Sta-tion. Through his passion for birdwatching, photography, and writing, as well as his exten-sive knowledge of Adirondack wildlife, Gary has been instrumental in preserving our nat-ural places and natural species of the Adiron-dacks. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I would like to congratulate Gary on his well-de-served award, and thank him for his continued commitment to protecting the Adirondack Park, its natural resources, and its native spe-cies. f 
CONGRATULATING MICHAEL EHRLICH ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize Mr. Michael L. Ehrlich on the occasion of his retirement from the Fairfax County Pub-lic School System following an exceptional 30- year career in education. I thank him for his life-long dedication to fine arts education and to thousands of music students in Northern Virginia. Michael Ehrlich was born and raised in East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. While in high school, he was an active member of the band and choral programs. Upon graduation in 1974, Michael spent two years as a saxo-phonist with the Air Force Band of the East stationed at McGuire AFB, New Jersey. In 1977, he began his college career at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana and re-ceived his degree in music and theatre in 1981. He then returned to Pennsylvania where he taught private saxophone and voice les-sons. He also performed in and directed musi-cal theatre for community theatre groups in the area. In 1983, Michael moved to Northern Virginia and established the foundation of his musical career here, teaching private saxo-phone and voice lessons and performing in and directing musical theater for several local community theater groups. Michael accepted a teaching position at W.T. Woodson High School in 1988. At that time, only 30 students were participating in the choral program. During his 30-year tenure, Michael ex-panded the program, which now includes 250 students in six different choirs. Under his leadership, the W.T. Woodson High School choirs have consistently received superior ratings at the Virginia Music Edu-cators Association (VMEA) choral festival, and have been invited to perform at many other venues and conventions. The Select Women’s Ensemble performed for the VMEA convention in 1993, 1999, and 2014 as well as for the Southern Division, American Choral Directors Association (ACDA) convention in 1998, 2006, and 2012. The Select Vocal Ensemble was a winner of the WGMS classical radio station/GEICO Young Artists in the Community contest and was honored to perform at the Kennedy Cen-ter’s Terrace Theatre Millennium Stage and at the Concert Hall. In the summers of 1999, 2006, 2009, 2012, and 2015, a group of select singers traveled to Europe and performed at venues in Austria, Switzerland, Italy, and France. Highlights of the tour included a sing-ing mass at Notre Dame and also a perform-ance at a wreath-laying ceremony at the American Cemetery in Normandy, France. In addition to his work with the choral groups, Mi-chael was also the vocal director and pit or-chestra conductor for W.T. Woodson High School’s musical theater performances. Michael’s dedication and commitment to this craft and to his students has been recognized locally and nationally, along with his influence on music education. Michael is listed in the Who’s Who Among American Teachers, was nominated for Fairfax County Teacher of the Year, and was named a USA Today—All USA Teacher. He was also a recipient of the 2004– 2005 Wolf Trap Performing Arts Center Schol-arship for Teachers and was inducted into the East Stroudsburg High School Music Hall of Fame. In addition, Michael received the Syd-ney Swiggett award and was the inaugural re-cipient of the W.T. Woodson Parent Teacher Student Organization’s Teacher of the Year award. Perhaps most importantly, Michael is an ed-ucator who is beloved by his students, their parents and his colleagues, myself among them . Michael was my daughter Caitlin’s cho-rus teacher during her time at W.T. Woodson High School and our family remembers that time with warm appreciation. His joy in sharing his passion for music with his students is con-tagious and inspires them to strive for excel-lence not only in their choral performances, but in all aspects of their lives. As a lifetime supporter of the arts, I believe that fine arts education is critical to the emo-tional and intellectual development of our youth and our society as a whole. Michael has dedicated his life to this principle and the lives of countless young people and their families have been improved and enriched as a result of his commitment. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating my friend Michael Ehrlich on his retirement and in wishing him great suc-cess in his future endeavors. Although he may be officially stepping away from high school music education, I have no doubt that he will continue to advocate for the arts and for the joy they bring to our lives. On behalf of the 11th Congressional District of Virginia and on behalf of my family, I thank him for his service to our community and for his steadfast dedica-tion to the promotion of fine arts and to the education of our youth. I wish him all the best in his retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.032 E06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE979 July 6, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO DEANA AND PAT LEWIS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Deana and Pat Lewis of Elliott, Iowa on the very special occa-sion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on June 6, 1968 in Anita, Iowa. Deana and Pat’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 PRINCE WILLIAM CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE VALOR AWARD RECIPI-ENTS OF THE PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF FIRE AND RESCUE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue and its outstanding mem-bers who have demonstrated superior dedica-tion to public safety and are the 2018 recipi-ents of the prestigious Prince William Cham-ber of Commerce Merit Award and Valorous Unit Award for their service. The annual Prince William Chamber of Commerce Valor Awards recognize remarkable heroism and bravery above and beyond the line of duty ex-emplified by our public safety and law enforce-ment professionals. For the past 32 years, the Prince William Chamber of Commerce has paid tribute to our firefighters, police officers, and emergency personnel for their extraordinary service. These brave men and women put their lives at risk on a daily basis to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. For fire and rescue per-sonnel, no two days are alike. Always on the front lines, the Prince William County Depart-ment of Fire and Rescue is comprised of three sections: community safety, operations, and support systems. Dedicated service members of a combination career and volunteer system fight fires, provide emergency medical serv-ices, perform rescues, and work in our com-munity to promote fire safety and prevention. At the time of the Department of Fire and Rescue’s founding in 1966, approximately 50,000 people lived in Prince William County. Today, the Department provides high quality and efficient firefighting and emergency med-ical services to a population of more than 430,000 with a staff of 574 uniformed and ci-vilian personnel. They provide around the clock services from 22 fire stations in a county spanning 348 square miles. In recognition of their acts of valor, it is my honor to include in the RECORD the following names of the Prince William County Depart-ment of Fire and Rescue public safety per-sonnel: 
MERIT AWARD FOR VALOR  
Technician II Todd Laws, Technician I Marcia Midence, Technician I Robert Traver, Lieutenant Brian Marks, Technician II Jonathon Hartmann. 
VALOROUS UNIT  
Lieutenant Lee Presgrave, Technician II Chris Alloway, Technician II Jeff Dowell, Lieu-tenant Brian Reader, Technician I Jason Guimond, Technician II Jonathon Hartman, Lieutenant Brian Marks, Technician I Andrew Gorman, Technician II Greg Klatte, Lieutenant Vincent Prysock, Technician I Matthew Pen-nington. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues join me in recognizing the 2018 Prince William Chamber of Commerce Valor Award recipients of the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue. The selfless acts of heroism by this distinguished group of men and women truly merits our highest praise. I thank each hon-oree, as well as all Prince William County De-partment of Fire and Rescue public safety pro-fessionals for their dedication and commitment to the protection of our communities. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 5583 TO AMEND TITLE XI OF THE SOCIAL SECURITY ACT TO REQUIRE STATES TO ANNUALLY REPORT ON CERTAIN ADULT HEALTH QUALITY MEASURES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5583, a bill to Amend Title XI of the Social Security Act to Require States to Annually Report on Certain Adult Health Quality Measures. The United States must affirm its role as a leader in domestic care by guaranteeing ac-cess to plentiful and accurate information re-garding the health of its most vulnerable citi-zens. Mr. Speaker, over 67.4 million individuals are enrolled in Medicaid as of March of 2018. In Texas, Medicaid covers 1 in 14 adults under the age of 65, 1 in 3 low-income individ-uals, 2 in 5 children, 3 in 5 nursing home resi-dents, and 1 in 3 people with disabilities. There are currently over 717 thousand open Medicaid cases in Harris County alone. In addition, to doctor and hospital visits, Medicaid covers long-term services like nurs-ing homes and community-based services that allow people with chronic conditions and dis-abilities to live independently. Medicaid covers more than half of all nurs-ing home residents. H.R. 5583 requires the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to expand its core set of adult health quality measures for Medicaid-eli-gible adults to include measures specific to behavioral health. A state Medicaid program must report annu-ally on such measures. This bill requires States to use all behavioral health measures included in the core set of adult health quality metrics, and any changes to such measures, to be reported regarding the quality of health care for Medicaid-eligible adults. By passing this bill and instituting these re-porting requirements, we can ensure equitable attention to healthcare for Medicaid-eligible men and women. Americans, no matter their financial cir-cumstances, deserve access to healthcare, and this bill will ensure that discrepancies in care among low-income Americans can be identified and addressed. Safeguarding the health and healthcare of our citizens is the best way to concretely dem-onstrate our dedication to their safety and well-being. It is not only the right thing to do for our citi-zens; it is the smart thing to do for our nation. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 5583, a bill that will ensure the healthcare of all Americans can be addressed and improved by requiring annual reports on the health quality of Medicaid-eligible Ameri-cans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.035 E06JYPT1
D771 Friday, July 6, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, July 9, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public bills, H.R. 6309–6316, and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 983–984, were introduced.
                                  Page H5990 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5991 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative McHenry to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H5989 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Chaplain Major Jeff Schlenz, U.S. Air Force, Arlington Cemetery, Arlington, VA. 
                                                                                            Page H5989 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10:30 a.m. and adjourned at 10:35 a.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JULY 9, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JY8.REC D06JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD772 July 6, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, July 9 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Mark Jeremy Bennett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, July 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blum, Rod, Iowa, E972 Ca´rdenas, Tony, Calif., E976 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E974 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E970, E971, E972, E974, E975, E976, E977, E977, E978, E979 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E972 Faso, John J., N.Y., E971 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E969, E971, E972, E973, E974, E975, E976, E977, E979 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E969 Keating, William R., Mass., E973 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E975 McNerney, Jerry, Calif., E973 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E969 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E976, E978 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E971 Young, David, Iowa, E974, E975, E976, E977, E979 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jul 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06JY8.REC D06JYPT1